
c
Some Cantonese don't like chili, so some southerners don't like chili.
Which of the following can guarantee the above argument?
A.Some Cantonese love chili
B.Some people who like peppers are southerners
C.All Cantonese are southerners
D.Some Cantonese like neither peppers nor sweets

a
Continuous exposure to indoor fluorescent lights is beneficial to the health of hamsters with heart disease.One group of hamsters exposed to continuous exposure to fluorescent lights has an average lifespan that is 2.5% longer than another one of the same species but living in a black wall.
Which of the following questions was the initial motivation for conducting the above experiment?
A.Can hospital light therapy be proved to promote patient recovery?
B.Which one lives longer, the hamster living under the light or the hamster living in the dark?
C.What kind of illness does the hamster have?
D.Do some hamsters need a period of darkness?

b
There is no doubt that minors should be prohibited from smoking.However, we cannot explicitly ban the use of automatic cigarette vending machines in order to prevent minors from smoking.This ban is just like setting up roadblocks on the road to prohibit driving without a license.These roadblocks naturally prohibit driving without a license, but also block more than 99% of licensed drivers.
In order to evaluate the above argument, which of the following questions is the most important?
A.Does the proportion of underage smokers in the total number of smokers exceed 1%?
B.How much inconvenience does the ban on the use of automatic vending machines bring to adult cigarette buyers?
C.Whether the proportion of unlicensed drivers in the total number of drivers really does not exceed 1%
D.Is the harm of minor smoking really as serious as the public thinks?

a
A research report states that a special education program for children aged 3-5 under study increases their chances of success in future schooling.Therefore, implementing a similar education program for all children will improve them in the future opportunities for success in school education.
Which of the following best illustrates the logical loopholes summarized above?
A.Children's cognitive abilities are constantly changing at the age of 3-5
B.Establishing such education and training programs on a national basis requires a special public expenditure
C.Many parents mistakenly believe that early formal education will occupy the time that children would have been able to better explore the world independently
D.Investigators are unaware that they include a large group of children who have previously received another education

c
The traitor is a traitor, so you are a traitor, so I am a patriot.The words of a patriot are the most valuable, so my words are good.Since my words are good, you are undoubtedly a traitor!
Which of the following makes the same logical mistake as above?
A.Literature and art are not worthy of attention.Modernization must relies on science and technology, so science and technology are worthy of our attention.But literature and art are not science and technology.
B.Non-university can also become an outstanding talent.Gorky, Edison, Faraday, Franklin, etc.have not attended college, but they have all become outstanding talents.
C.The earth is a sphere, which can be proved from the fact that when we stand at a height and watch the sailing boat in the sea, we always see the mast first and then the hull.The reason for this is because the earth is a sphere.
D.I saw them coming out of this chemical plant several times before I realized that this young man who was eager to help patients was originally a worker in this chemical plant.

d
Last year's inflation rate was 1.2%, and this year has reached 4%, so we can conclude that the inflation rate is on the rise, and the inflation rate will be higher next year.
Which of the following, if true, would seriously weaken the above conclusion?
A.Inflation rate is calculated based on a representative sample of economically sensitive data, not on available data
B.Inflation last year was the lowest in recent years
C.False prosperity caused by rising inflation rate will eventually lead to economic recession
D.Last year's financial turmoil caused inflation to temporarily fall below the average of 4% in recent years

d
Aristotle's "Apocalypse" records such a sophistry: "You have a dog, and it has children because it is a father; it is yours, and therefore it is your father; you hitting it means you hitting your own father."
Which of the following makes the same logical fallacy as the above sophistry?
A.Dogs have four legs and sheep have four legs, so dogs can be sheep
B."Come up, Czech, roosters have long been called." "What does it matter to me? I'm not a hen."
C.When someone said that Omar Dem was lying, he whispered, "Whoever lies says something that doesn't exist; something that doesn't exist cannot be said, so no one lies."
D.Your opinion turns out to be wrong, so my criticism on your opinion is correct.Now that my opinion is correct, it is undoubted that your opinion is wrong.

b
According to "God Creation", God created the earth on the first day, the moon on the second day, and the sun on the third day.
Which of the following assertions is not the meaning of the above-mentioned creation theory?
A.Celestial planets come one after another
B.Regarding the meaning of "one day", God has the same understanding and use with us
C.At least there was no sun for the first two days of the earth's existence.
D.Without the sun and in darkness, God also can work

d
A linguist believes that the term "fiancée" is contradictory.The dictionary explains "fiancée" as "a wife who is engaged but not married", and explains "wife" as "when a man and a woman get married, the woman is the man's wife." How can you call a wife without getting married?
Which of the following is the presupposed premise of the linguist?
A.The claims of "Fiancée" may lead to the legalization of cohabitation
B.Some are not officially married, but the essence is a de facto marriage
C.In fact, "fiancée" is an uncertain marriage relationship
D.The so-called "fiancée" actually means that she is not married now, but still the wife of a man

c
There was a group discussion of judicial workers in the city.One group has 8 people.At the beginning of the meeting, the group leader asked everyone if they knew each other.As a result, only one person in the group knew 3 of the group, 3 knew 2 of the group, and 4 knew 1 of the group.
If the above statistics are true, which of the following conclusions can best be reached?
A.The group leader knows the most in the group, and the others know each other less
B.This is the first time such a meeting has been held and everyone is new
C.Some members may only know what they have seen on television or at a briefing
D.Although there are not many acquaintances in the group, what they knew are all close friends.

d
The head of a chain store was helpless with the management issues brought about by the transition and expansion of the previous stage, so he asked a famous management expert: "I don’t know how to manage more than 300 chain stores?" The management expert answered straightforwardly: "Cut them down " The CEO asked," How much? "The expert said," until you can manage them."
Which of the following statements is premised by the above management experts?
A.The number of affiliated chain stores is related to the nature of the chain stores.
B.The number of affiliated chain stores is related to the development of chain stores.
C.The number of affiliated chain stores is related to the number of chain leaders.
D.The number of affiliated chain stores is related to the capabilities of the boss.

b
Li Lin is a civil servant, but not a college graduate
Which of the following is necessarily true?
A.Not all university graduates are civil servants
B.Civil servants are not all college graduates
C.Some college graduates are not civil servants
D.Some civil servants are college graduates

c
A research institute conducted a 10-week weight loss test.Participants lost an average of 9 kg.Participants in the middle-aged group lost an average of 13 kg, and participants in the youth group lost an average of 7 kg.Researchers attributed the weight loss difference to the fact that the weight of the middle-aged group was heavier than that of the young group before weight loss.
Which of the following conclusions can be drawn from the above?
A.Participants in the young group weighed less than those in the middle-aged group before losing weight
B.All participants lost weight
C.There were more participants in the young group than in the middle-aged group.
D.There were more participants in the middle age group than in the young group

b
Pigeons can fly back to their homes from hundreds or even thousands of miles away.How do pigeons recognize the way home? For a long time, this has been a mystery, attracting many people to study this problem.According to their hypothesis, some researchers put pigeons into tightly blocked cages and transported them to a strange place, they can still easily found the direction of returning home.If the frosted glass contact lens are mounted on the pigeon's eyes so that they can't see anything more than a few meters away, and transported these "myopia" pigeons more than 100 kilometers away, they can also go home and land exactly one to two meters near the pigeonholes--it was only at this distance that they need eye to help.
Based on the above, which of the following is the hypothesis proposed by these researchers?
A.Pigeons have good eyes and an amazing memory
B.The pigeon has a fairly sophisticated navigation system
C.Pigeons can navigate by geomagnetic
D.Pigeons lose their ability to orient during strong magnetic explosions in the sun and during lunar eclipses

a
The financing for a large construction project was provided by a bank.When the funds were used up before the project was completed, the bank approved a further loan.Now, as the funds are used up again and the project is still not completed, the bank refuses to increase further loans, although the projects would have been ruined without loans.
Which of the following, if true, would best explain why banks are responding differently from their previous responses?
A.The bank re-evaluated the potential income of the completed project and concluded that the total revenue that the project can generate will be lower than the total interest of the old loans plus the new loans
B.The bank has identified several other projects, which could lead to faster principal recovery if loans are now approved for them to start
C.The bank and the borrower have agreed that the construction loan is guaranteed by the completed project
D.Cost overruns are mainly due to unforeseen problems at the most difficult stage of construction

a
The tobacco industry has a lot of money, and it is expected to continue to do so.Last year, the total amount of tobacco sold by American tobacco farmers increased significantly, but the number of smokers in the country continued to decline.
If the following are true, they can be the reason for the above phenomenon, except:
A.More women start smoking this year than men who have quit
B.People who continue to smoke consume more tobacco than in previous years
C.The number of people who started smoking grass or taking snuff this year is more than the number who have given up smoking.
D.More cigarettes produced in the U.S.are exported to other countries this year than last year

b
Residents in the countryside have stronger purchasing power than residents in the city, because they can use part of the funds that urban and suburban residents use to buy food and houses to buy other things they need.
Which of the following best fits the above explanation of why rural residents have strong purchasing power?
A.Generally speaking, there are more rural residents than in cities or in the suburbs
B.Rural residents spend less on food and housing than urban or suburban residents
C.The average income level of urban and suburban residents is generally not much higher than that of rural residents
D.Both urban and rural residents spend more on house purchases than other related goods

d
One day in 1910, the young German meteorologist Wegener was lying on a hospital bed, turning his eyes to a map of the world on the wall.He accidentally discovered that the west coast of Africa is so consistent with the east coast of South America that it is like a torn piece of paper which can be put together again.Wegener's mind flashed an idea: the two continents were originally a whole piece, but they broke up later and drifted away, and formed the way it is now.After further research, Wegener came up with a completely new hypothesis-the theory of continental drift.
The following items further support the "continental drift theory" from different perspectives, except:
A.The opposite stratigraphic sequence (stratigraphic structure) on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean and the Indian Ocean is the same
B.Paleontological species (plant fossils and animal fossils) on both sides of the Atlantic are almost identical
C.Traces left in the rock formations indicate that long ago, today's Arctic was once a very hot desert
D.Geological traces indicate that the five continents on the earth were formed almost simultaneously

d
According to official reports, the suicide rate (the number of suicides per 1,000 people) in Greenland was 17 times higher in 1987 than in 1960.Because Greenland changed from a hunting and fishing society to an industrial society from 1960 to 1987.The huge change of suicide rate must be the result of this social change.
Which of the following, if true, would most seriously challenge the above conclusion?
A.Changing from a hunting and fishing society to an industrial society can sometimes cause major change on crime rates
B.In the hunting and fishing society, a considerable number of members choose to commit suicide
C.According to official records, there was a certain increase in the number of suicides in Greenland in 1987
D.In 1987, most suicides in Greenland were reported officially, while most suicides in 1960 were not recorded

d
Only by recognizing errors can they be corrected."
All of the following items accurately express the meaning of the above determination, except:
A.You cannot correct mistakes unless you recognize them
B.If you do not recognize the error, you cannot correct it
C.If you correct the mistake, you already know the mistake
D.Correct errors as long as you recognize them

c
An academic conference is holding a group meeting.Group A has 8 people present.The group leader asks everyone if they know each other.As a result, only 1 person in the group knew 3 of the group and 3 people knew 2 of the group，and 4 people know 1 of the group.
If the above statistics are true, the best conclusion can be.
A.The group leader knows the most in the group, and the others know each other less.
B.This is the first time such a meeting has been held and everyone is new
C.Some members may be aware of what they have only seen on television or at a briefing
D.Although there are not many acquaintances in the group, what they knew are all close friends.

d
A country loses excessive topsoil and needs to import more food, which increases the pressure on the soil in other countries; air pollution in one country causes acid rain in neighboring countries; excessive emissions of carbon dioxide cause global warming and sea-level rise, which almost can endanger all countries and regions.
Which of the following items best summarize the main points made above.
A.Environmental pollution has affected relations between countries and may cause international disputes
B.The rapid development of the economy will inevitably lead to the intensification of environmental pollution.It is a rule that pollution is first and then governance is followed.
C.In terms of pollution control, developed countries are willing to take more responsibilities and obligations
D.Environmental pollution has become a regional and international problem.Solving environmental pollution is a common task for humanity

a
In a restaurant, all the dishes belong to Sichuan cuisine or Cantonese cuisine, and Mr.Zhang's order includes Sichuan cuisine.Therefore, there is no Cantonese cuisine in Mr.Zhang's order.
Which of the following is necessary to make the above argument valid?
A.The restaurant stipulates that when you order Cantonese food, you cannot order Sichuan food and vice versa
B.The restaurant rules that if you order Sichuan food, you can not order Cantonese food, but when you order Cantonese food, you must also order Sichuan food
C.Mr.Zhang is from Sichuan and only likes Sichuan cuisine
D.Mr.Zhang is a Cantonese, and he likes Cantonese food

a
There are four small balls that do not appear to be separate, but their weights may be different.Take a scales and group A and B into one group, and C and D into another group.Place them on each side of the scales.The scales is basically balanced.B and D are reversed, then A and B are obviously heavier than B and C.But strangely, we put A and C on one side of the scales, and B on the other side.When there was no time to put D, the balance was pressed to B's side.
Please judge, A or D, which one is heavier?
A.D is heavier than A
B.D is lighter than A
C.A is as heavy as D
D.Unable to determine the weight of the A and the D

d
The National Games held a women's 5,000-meter race.Liaoning, Shandong and Hebei, each team sent three athletes to participate in the game.Before the competition, four sports enthusiasts were together to predict the outcome of the game.A said: "Liaoning team has a set of training, and this time the top three must belong to them." B said：" This year is different from last year.The Liaoning team will take at most one gold, silver and bronze medals." "According to my estimation, Shandong team or Hebei team will take the card," said C."If the first place is not from the Liaoning team, it should be the Shandong team." said D.After the match, it was found that only one of the above four people was in words.
Which of the following is most likely the result of the competition?
A.First place Liaoning team, second place Liaoning team, third place Liaoning team
B.First place Liaoning team, second place Hebei team, fourth place Shandong team
C.First place Shandong team, second place Liaoning team, third place Hebei team
D.First place Hebei team, second place Liaoning team, third place Liaoning team

a
A recent study by an insurance company showed that those who work in a comfortable work environment are 25% more productive than those who work in an uncomfortable work environment.This shows that an increasingly improved work environment can increase worker productivity.
Which of the following hypotheses is the most serious challenge to the above causality?
A.On average, less productive employees spend less time in the workplace than more productive employees
B.A comfortable environment is more motivating than hard work
C.A comfortable work environment is usually a reward for highly productive employees
D.In a crowded, uncomfortable environment, coworker pressure prevents employees from working

a
Black Americans have high blood pressure twice as much as white Americans.The same is true of westernized blacks African  compared to white Africans.Researchers hypothesize that westernized blacks suffer from high blood pressure for two reasons.The first is the high salt content of western foods; the second is the adaptation mechanism to the environment of the blacks' genes .
Which of the following, if true, would best support researcher's hypothesis?
A.Blood pressure in descendants of contemporary westernized black African  Gambians is usually not high, as Gambians have historically been short of salt
B.Unusually high salt intake in some parts of Africa is a serious health hazard
C.Considering health, most white Africans also pay attention to controlling salt intake
D.Salt deficiency and salt sufficiency have not found any substantial difference in human metabolism

b
An indigenous person tests the physical fitness of newborn babies in order to improve the combat effectiveness of their offspring.They place newborn babies in a harsh natural environment to test their vitality, and abandon those who are weak and cannot stand the test, and leave those sturdy babies.This method did not make the local indigenous people strong but declined.
Which of the following is most appropriate as the cause of the eventual failure of local talent selection?
A.The physical fitness of newborn babies is good, but they may not be stronger when they grow up.
B.Physiological quality is only part of a person's overall quality, and national security requires the improvement of a person's comprehensive quality
C.Talents are selected, but too few are inevitable
D.The child's parents are unhappy with the brutal selection method and are unwilling to defend their city

b
The Watt who invented the steam engine is not American."
All but which of the following can be derived from the above conclusion?
A.Watt is not American
B.Some inventors are American
C.It was the inventor who invented the steam engine
D.Watt is an inventor

c
Mr.Wang of the Institute of Technology said in an interview with the journal: "In recent years, science students have generally been more interested in studying current affairs and politics than in the past.Because in my class, students were not absent from almost every lecture on current affairs and politics.It was almost unimaginable a few years ago."
Which of the following assumptions does Mr.Wang's conclusion rest on?
A.The occurrence of a series of events at home and abroad in recent years has greatly attracted science students
B.The political awareness of college students enrolled in recent years is generally stronger than previous students
C.Attitude to current affairs politics lectures is an important indicator of whether college students are interested in current affairs politics learning
D.In terms of current affairs and political studies, science students cannot be required to meet the standards of liberal arts students

d
Wife: I heard that eating fish can make people smart.Husband: How is this possible? Mr.Lu Xun is not a fan of fish because eatting fish takes too much time.Nie Weiping prefers fish head, but if he only eats fish heads for three meals a day, he will never be such smart on the chessboard.
The husband's rebuttal actually questioned which of the following assertions?
A.If you don't eat fish, you won't be smart
B.It is not only eating fish that makes you smart
C.If anyone eats fish, he can be smart
D.Only eat fish or eat fish alone, people will be smart

d
 Two production management methods, A and B, have been tried out in two factories respectively.The trial work was carried out as follows: method A was tested in a large factory with a high level of education in the leadership group; method B was tested in a small factory with a low level of education in the leadership group.The result was that the economic benefits of Method A were good, but the economic benefits of Method B were not good.Therefore, it was concluded that Method A was the reason for achieving better economic benefits.
All of the following can weaken the above conclusions, except:
A.The situation of the two factories is different, and it cannot be used as an experimental base for testing the two management methods.
B.Factory A's leadership team has a high level of education, which is conducive to the understanding and implementation of management methods
C.Factory B's leadership team has a low level of education, which is not conducive to the understanding and implementation of management methods
D.Comparing method A with method B, in fact, method B is better, but unfortunately, the foundation of small factories implementing this method is too poor

c
After the selection of a "documentary golden lens award", factory A's "Yellow River" won the best documentary award, factory B's "Wuyishan" won the best photography award, and factory C's "South China Sea" won the best music award.The three factory directors were invited to introduce their experience to the school.In the lounge, the director of the factory A said, "It's really interesting that the last names of us are the first word of the film title." "However, each of us has a different last name from the first word of the film we made.” At this time, a director whose last name is Wu added.“That ’s true!” Factory A' director agreed.
If the above statement is true, which of the following is true?
A.The last name of Factory A's director is Nan, Factory B's is Wu, and Factory C's is Huang
B.The last name of Factory A's director is Huang, Factory B's is Wu, and Factory C's is Nan
C.The last name of Factory A's director is Nan, Factory B's is Huang, and Factory C's is Wu
D.The last name of Factory A's director is Wu, Factory B's is Huang, and Factory C's is Nan

a
There is a total of 7 teachers, including a director, in a teaching and research office.Regarding these 7 staff members, only one of the following three conclusions is true: Ⅰ.Not that no one in the teaching and research office is from Shanghai.Ⅱ.The members of the teaching and researching office are not all Shanghainese Ⅲ.The director of the teaching and research office is not from Shanghai.
Which of the following is true?
A.7 teachers are from Shanghai
B.7 teachers are not from Shanghai
C.Only one person is not from Shanghai
D.Only one person is from Shanghai

b
Four good classmates make an appointment.If both A and B choose to work in the company, D chooses to work in the agency.And only when A chooses to work in the company, C chooses to work in the company.The final result is that both B and D are in company, and all four fulfilled a common agreement
It can be sure that:
A.Only C did not choose to work in the company
B.Neither A nor C chose to work in the company
C.Four people have chosen to work in the company
D.Only A did not choose to work in the company

c
In agricultural production, as long as the appropriate limit is not exceeded, the yield of crops will be increased with more fertilizer applied; and the yield of crops will be reduced with less fertilizer applied.It can be seen that the amount of fertilizer applied has a close relationship with the yield of crops.
Which of the following logical methods is most similar to the above statement?
A.There are sounds of gongs, sounds of blows, and sounds of speech.These sound phenomena are accompanied by the vibration of the air on the object, so it can be concluded that the vibration of the air on the object is the cause of the sound
B.When sawing with a saw, the saw will generate heat; when filing with a file, the file will also generate heat; when sharpening a knife on a stone, the knife will generate heat; when shooting with a gun, the barrel will also become hot.Therefore, friction can generate heat
C.The bell is energized by energizing in a glass cover with air.As the amount of air drawn changes, the ring tone becomes smaller and smaller.If the air is completely drawn out, the ring tone will not be heard at all.Therefore, how much air is the reason why the sound is loud, and whether there is air is the reason why the bell can be heard
D.Cotton is a plant fibre, loose and porous, and can keep warm; snow is frozen by water, with 40% to 50% of the gap, and it is also loose and porous, and can keep warm.It can be seen that loose and porous is the reason for heat preservation.

d
One researcher found that people with low levels of the immune system scored lower on mental health tests than people with high levels of the immune system.The researcher concluded that the immune system can protect not only against physical illness but also mental illness.
In fact, this causality is not valid.Which of the following is the most serious question?
A.The researcher's theoretical research and the experiments performed are not consistent in time
B.The human immune system is closely related to mental health
C.Some people with a high immune system score differently on psychological tests than people with a normal immune system
D.In general, intense stress first causes mental illness and then reduces the level of activity of the immune system

b
Some people think that in recent years, a large number of rural people have flowed into cities to work, which has caused chaos in the urban social order and a decline in public security.It can be said that allowing rural people to flow into cities is harmful and unhelpful.Therefore, we should clear out the rural population in the city and limit its employment in the city.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above view?
A.The influx of a large number of rural people has made urban roads crowded
B.The influx of rural population into the city is beneficial to both the countryside and the city; it can not only make up for the shortage of urban labour but also accelerate the development of China's rural economy and improve the quality of the rural population
C.In fact, the main offender of many major vicious cases is rural people who work in cities
D.Too much migrant population causes worsening urban health

d
To establish a market economy system, corresponding laws and regulations should be established to regulate market competition.Essentially, market economy is legal economy.Therefore, it is impossible to establish a market economy system in a country with a weak legal system.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.Market economy and legal economy are not a same concept
B.A sound legal system can effectively guarantee equality in competition
C.A complete legal system is of great significance to the development of a market economy
D.The improvement of the legal and regulatory system depends on the improvement of the market economy system

c
Prosecution: refers to an action order by a citizen, legal person or other organization to request the people's court to hear the case in accordance with the law, to confirm the relationship between civil rights and obligations, to sanction the other party's civil illegal acts and to protect their legitimate rights and interests in their own name when they believe that their civil rights and interests have been infringed by others or have disputes with others.
According to the above definition, which of the following cases belongs to prosecution?
A.Someone reports to a public security agency for theft at home
B.Someone submits an instrument to the High Court because of dissent
C.An enterprise sued the other party for failure to perform the contract
D.The defendant counter claimed the plaintiff during the litigation because he found that the plaintiff violated his rights.

b
Technical audiences: These listeners work hard to listen to others.They value words, facts, and statistics, but they don't do enough in feelings, sympathy, and true understanding.
Which of the following are technical audiences?
A.The audiences who read the newspaper with their heads down and dozed off squinting during the meeting
B.The audiences who always take a lot of notes when listening to the leader's speech, but often follow their own intentions when implementing policies and are inconsistent with the leader's intentions.
C.The audiences who sighed "listen to your words, better than ten years of reading"
D.The audiences who only listen to some easy-to-understand content and avoid difficult topics

b
Imaginary defence: Refers to the fact that there is no ongoing illegal infringement objectively, and the perpetrator mistakenly believes that illegal infringement is taking place, and has justified the imaginary "infringer".
Which of the following are not imaginary defences?
A.Someone vaguely found someone hiding under the window, thinking it was a thief stealing something, and wounding it with a stick, but found that it was a child playing hide-and-seek
B.Someone walks on the street and finds that the previous one is a corrupt criminal in the General Public Security Bureau, so he immediately catches him but finds that he has identified the wrong person.
C.The villager Li was very annoyed by the continuous theft.One night, he found that someone quietly walked into his yard and hit him, but found that it was his son who was late.
D.Someone rides home late at night, and suddenly a person appears on the roadside.He thought it was robbing, and then beat the person.He found that he was a middle school student who wanted to make fun of himself.

d
Knowledge management: build a quantified and qualitative knowledge system in the organization, and allow the information and knowledge in the organization to continuously feedback to the knowledge system through processes such as acquisition, creation, sharing, integration, recording, access, update or innovation.It will form an uninterrupted accumulation of personal and organizational knowledge, and become a cycle of organizational intelligence.It will become the intelligent capital of management and application in the enterprise organization, which will help companies to make correct decisions to cope with market changes.It is a process of creating, acquiring, and using knowledge to enhance the performance of an organization.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is not the knowledge management?
A.Ernst & Yong has developed an electronic file system which can quickly encode and store employees' knowledge and information into a file database.It can be called by company personnel and become a company's standardized, high-quality and fast consulting service.
C.Dell: Leaving employees' results and customer information in the company, that is, separation of people from information
B.Dow's patent management: divided into current use, will use and not use, saving patent tax, obtaining patent royalties, about 200 million US dollars a year
D.Smnrtall implements layoffs throughout the company based on data from last year's annual report

a
A false conflict is when there are differences between the two parties to the conflict, but there is no objective basis for this difference.
Which of the following are false conflicts?
A.A friend called a party, but Xiao Wang was not invited, so he was very unhappy, and his friend was dissatisfied because Xiao Wang did not go to the party.In fact, the friend called and invited Xiao Wang, but Xiao Wang was away, so he asked his colleagues to tell him, but they forgot
B.Li feels that the teacher's score in the mid-term exam is too low, and he is not happy, but it is not easy to speak directly, so he deliberately asks some difficult questions in class
C.Kobayashi is watching TV with a friend.Kobayashi wants to watch a TV series, but his friend wants to watch the broadcast of a football game
D.A mother noticed the smell of smoke in the house and thought her daughter's boyfriend had smoked, so she warned him not to smoke at home.In fact, it was her daughter who smoked

c
In 995, Chinese players won a total of 103 world championships in major global sports competitions, creating 57 world records, the highest in history.In 1995, only 15% of the high school students who entered the university in China had physical examinations qualified.
Therefore, the correct conclusion we can draw is that in 1995,?
A.China has become a world sports power
B.Only 15% of high school students in China advance to college
C.China's competitive sports have reached the highest point in history
D.College entrance physical examination standards have been raised.

b
The Oscar-winning film `` Titanic '' was released in a state, and an exclusive operating right of the state was given to a film distribution and projection company.All departments of the company were busy.The publicity department invested an unprecedented 1.7 million RMB for various forms of advertising.The business department organized 8 major theatres for advanced screening and extended schedules, and the finance department implemented specific revenue sharing with each theatre.In the end, almost everyone in the city went to watch this film, and the company earned 7.5 million RMB.But when summarizing this work, the company criticized the mistakes made by the publicity department in this work.
Which of the following, if true, would best explain the above situation?
A.The company's publicity department did not communicate with other departments in advance, and the propaganda lacked pertinence.
B.The company ’s publicity department ’s investment is actually too large because it ignores the Oscar-winning film itself has a free publicity effect
C.The company's publicity department has not invested enough.When `` Titanic '' was released in another state, the company publicized and invested 3 million RMB.
D.The propaganda of the company's publicity department has no new breakthroughs in creativity and form

c
A new type of computer keyboard has been introduced on the market.The new keyboard has the "three most" characteristics that traditional keyboards do not have, that is, the most commonly used keys are designed the closest to the most flexible fingers.The new keyboard can greatly improve typing speed and reduce error rate.Therefore, replacing the traditional keyboard with the new keyboard can quickly improve the work efficiency of related departments.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument?
A.Some keyboard users' most flexible fingers are different from ordinary people
B.The most commonly used keys in traditional keyboards are not designed to be farthest from the most flexible fingers
C.The more efficiently you can use a traditional keyboard, the less likely you will be proficient in using the new keyboard in the short term.
D.The price of the new keyboard is higher than that of the traditional keyboard

a
The incidence of coronary heart disease in developed countries is about three times that of developing countries.Some people think that this is mainly due to people's high fat, high protein and high-calorie food intake in developed countries.Few people have the conditions to have this kind of "rich disease" in developing countries.In fact, this view is difficult to establish.At present, the average life expectancy in developed countries is higher than 70 years, while the average life expectancy in developing countries is less than 50 years.
Which of the following, if true, would best strengthen the above rebuttal?
A.Statistics show that patients with coronary heart disease are relatively concentrated in the middle and old age groups, that is, those over 45
B.At present, patients with coronary heart disease are younger
C.People's high-fat, high-protein, and high-calorie food intake in developing countries, both in total and per capita, is increasing year by year
D.Compared with developing countries, people in developed countries have a higher common sense of prevention and treatment of coronary heart disease and better medical conditions.

b
A tax imposed by the government on basic goods is two cents on each can of edible oil sold.Tax records show that despite the stable per capita quantity and strong enforcement of tax laws, the amount of edible oil taxes in the first two years still dropped significantly.
Which of the following is most helpful in explaining the decline in edible oil taxes?
A.Few households start producing their own edible oil after the tax increase
B.Businessmen start selling oil in bigger can than before after the tax law came into effect
C.Two years after the introduction of the edible oil tax, the government began to levy taxes on many other basic commodities
D.Edible oil cans are traditionally used as wedding gifts.After the implementation of the tax law, the use of edible oils as gifts has increased.

c
For a certain type of ulcer, traditional therapies can completely cure ulcers in 44% of patients within 6 months.A new treatment for this kind of ulcers has made 80% of ulcers achieved significant improvements in a 6-month trial and 61% were cured.Since the trial only treated those with more severe ulcers, this new treatment was obviously more effective than traditional therapies.
What additional evidence is needed to better compare the effects of the two therapies?
A.which is the difference between the two methods?
B.Are there significant differences in the cost of using the two therapies?
C.What percentage of patients with this ulcer treated with traditional therapies in 6 months have achieved significant improvement
D.What percentage of patients who participated in a 6-month trial of a new therapy was dissatisfied with the rate of recovery

a
A tribe or race became extinct in the development of history, but its text will be passed down."Arilo" is such a text.Archaeologists found this text inland.After researching "Arilo", there is no text for "sea", but there are texts for "winter", "snow", and "wolf".Therefore, experts speculate that the tribes or races that use the word "Arilo" have historically lived in a cold place away from the ocean.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the speculation of the above experts?
A.There is no word for "cloud" in "Arilo"
B.There is no word for "mountain" in "Arilo"
C."Arilo" has the word "hot"
D."Arilo" has the word "fish"

b
Nature is the environment for the development and continuation of human life.At the same time, production labor, the intermediary of the exchange of material between humans and nature, is the starting point for the formation and development of human social relations.In the labor of processing, people have formed the human-to-human production relationship, and thus formed complex social relationships such as national, class, family, etc.
Therefore?
A.Man can survive and develop only if he is passively adapted to nature
B.Human-to-human, human-to-social relationship, is based on the relationship between man and nature
C.People's social relations have their inherent development rules, which can exist and develop independently
D.People are part of nature because people are animals

d
6 people A.B, C, D, E, F participated in a final game.Before the match, there were 3 guesses.First, the champion is either A or B.Second, the champion is C or D.Third, D, E, F never probably be the champion.Only one of the three was correct after the match.
So who is the champion?
A.A is the champion
B.B is the champion
C.C is the champion
D.D is the champion

a
Ecological Fallacy: Inferring individuals based on the results of the overall analysis, arguing that individuals have overall characteristics and attributes.
According to this definition, which of the following is not part of the ecological fallacy.
A.Xiaoming just arrived in Shanghai and met five or six Shanghai girls.They are all beautiful, so he thinks all Shanghai girls are beautiful
B.Generally speaking, girls do not perform as well as boys in math, physics and chemistry.Therefore, Shimin, a girl, definitely does not perform well in math, physics and chemistry.
C.Tibet and Guizhou's overall economy is backward, so Tibetans and Guizhouese are all very poor
D.The survey found that the more economically developed a place is, the lower its fertility level is.Therefore, it is believed that a high-income family must have fewer children.

a
Sensation: refers to the human brain's reflection of individual attributes of objective things directly acting on sensory organs.
Which of the following belongs to sensation:
A.Wang Li's brother brought her back a fruit she hadn't seen before, so she didn't know its name, but she thought it was very cute
B.When the moon is overhead, you will find that no matter where you go, it always follows you
C.Xiaoming returns home from school and finds that his mother bought a big watermelon on the table
D.Alone lying on the bed, you felt like was being carried away in a sedan chair and had a bumpy feeling

c
Sound: is a kind of vibration of material molecules (such as air) transmitted in the form of waves.Vibrations with a frequency between 16 Hz and 20,000 Hz are in the audible range, and can form a sensory impression in the human hearing.People have different hearing abilities.Vibrations below 16 Hz are called infrasound, and those above 20,000 Hz are called ultrasound.
We can know from the above definition that
A.Few people can hear vibrations below 16 Hz in sound
B.Vibrations between the infrasound and ultrasonic frequency ranges cannot cause human auditory sensory impressions
C.There is a type of vibration that is neither called infrasound nor ultrasound
D.Most animals have a more sophisticated hearing function than humans

b
Intuitive thinking: It is the way in which the human brain can quickly understand and make judgments on new problems, new things and new phenomena that suddenly appear.
Which of the following is not one of intuitive thinking.
A.Ancient Greek scholar Archimedes discovered the law of buoyancy while bathing in a bathtub
B.Focus on a problem, point your mind at this center from different directions and different angles
C.Humans get inspiration from insect eye composition, and develop many advanced night vision weapons
D.Darwin realizes "natural selection" theory in reading Malthusian population theory

a
Representation: It refers to the image of people in the mind when things are not in front of them.
Which of the following belongs to representation?
A.A clear image in people's minds after visiting the Temple of Heaven in Beijing
B.After reading "Afanggong Fu", the image of Afanggong that people have in mind
C.The image of the machine conceived in the mind of the inventor before he designed the new machine
D.The image of a demon in the myth that appears in people's minds

d
Leibniz was a great philosopher of the 17th century.He published his results of calculus research before Newton.But at that time Newton published his personal notes, stating that he had applied the principle of calculus at least 10 years before Leibniz published his results.Newton also said that not long before Leibniz published his results, he talked about his thoughts on calculus in a letter to Leibniz.But the post-hoc research showed that in this letter from Newton, the few lines of calculus did not touch on any significance of this theory.Therefore, it can be concluded that Leibniz and Newton each independently invented calculus.
Which of the following must be assumed in the above argument.
A.Leibniz has no less talent in mathematics than Newton
B.Leibniz and Newton are honest people
C.No third person independently invented calculus no later than Leibniz and Newton
D.Neither Leibniz nor Newton gets key details about calculus from a third channel

b
Mr.Zhang's class has 120 students, half male and half female.80 students like math, and 100 students like Chinese.
Which of the following extrapolation based on the above information may be correct.
A.40 boys like mathematics but not Chinese
B.40 boys who like Chinese do not like math
C.60 girls who like Chinese do not like math
D.Only 10 of the 60 boys who like mathematics like Chinese

c
Experts point out that the suicide behavior of the elderly during aging is mainly caused by "lossing", such as lossing health, lossing partners, lossing child care, lossing financial capacity, etc.Therefore, relevant persons pointed out that society, families should care the elderly, and the community should also provide the necessary services, such as long-term care services, psychological counselling services, legal help, etc..The relevant crisis intervention organizations must cooperate and work together to reduce the elderly's probability of suicide.
Based on the above information, which of the following statement is correct
A.Old people commit suicide mainly because they are aging and unhealthy
B.The elderly have such a high probability of suicide that the relevant crisis intervention organizations must take responsibility
C.Family, children, communities, crisis intervention organizations, and other sectors of society should care about the lives of the elderly
D.As long as the community has provided appropriate nursing and counselling services, the suicide probability of the elderly must be reduced

d
Shortly after the Gulf War, researchers reported on this area.During the war, when normal oil production slowed down, the area suffered from hundreds of thick smoke, heavy oil fires and wanton oil crossflow.However, after the war, the oil pollution in this area was lighter than the results of their investigation in this area before the war.They also reported that compared with the levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (abbreviated as PAHs) recorded in the baltic oil-producing region with mild climate, the concentration of compounds in this region is relatively low.PAHs used to produce combustible products were ejected from oil wells during the war.
Which of the following discussion can best explain the above materials.
A.Oil pollution has a greater impact on the environment in temperate regions than in desert regions
B.Oil pollution and PAHs pollution dissipate faster in temperate regions than in desert regions
C.Oil pollution and PAHs pollution dissipate faster in desert areas than in mild climates
D.In peacetime, oil production and transportation in the Gulf led to high levels of PAHs and large-scale oil dumping

c
Experts studying various types of mental stress in the UK have found that more and more people will experience varying degrees of discomfort after using the Internet.According to a sample survey of 10,000 people who regularly surf the Internet, the number of people who admit to feeling agitated and annoyed after surfing the Internet has reached one third, and 44% of Internet fans under the age of 20 admit to feeling irritable and nervous after going online.Psychologists believe that there is indeed some kind of "Internet Mania."
According to the above information, which of the following are the least likely causes of "Internet Mania"?
A.Due to the sharp increase in the number of Internet users and congested channels, if you want to access a relatively busy website, sometimes you have to wait a long time
B.A variety of information can be accessed on the Internet, but often too much information will make people confused, lose confidence, and lose personal attention.
C.Although the use of the Internet is free in some countries, the online payment system is implemented in China, which has restricted the online time of Internet users
D.Due to anonymity, Internet users are often treated rudely or received information spam by other Internet users

c
Modern western aesthetics, contrary to the traditional philosophical methods of the past, moves towards psychological aesthetics and scientific aesthetics.Psychological aesthetics uses scientific methods to study human aesthetic psychology, focusing on the subject; scientific aesthetics uses scientific methods to analyze the structure and function of aesthetic objects, focusing on the object.But no matter which method is adopted, they think that the endless philosophical speculative discussion on the nature of beauty (the definition of beauty) is of little significance.
This shows that.
A.Modern western aesthetics believes that philosophical thinking of traditional aesthetics is meaningless and scientific
B.Psychological aesthetics studies human aesthetic psychology, focusing on the study of the subject and content of aesthetic objects
C.Scientific aesthetics focuses on the study of aesthetic objects, that is, the scientific analysis of the structure and function of aesthetic objects
D.The philosophical discussion on the essence of beauty should be abandoned

c
There are 4 cups on the table, each with a sentence written on it.The first cup: "Beer is in all cups".The second cup: "Cola in this cup".The third cup: " No coffee in this cup ".Fourth cup:" Some cups have no beer ".Only one of the 4 sentences is true.
So which of the following is true?
A.Beer is in all cups
B.No cola in all cups
C.Coffee in the third cup
D.Cola in the second cup

b
Meteorologists say that when they design accurate mathematical models that can describe all the complex details of the atmosphere, they can make completely accurate weather forecasts.This is actually a plausible boast that can never be proven wrong.As long as there is an error in any weather forecast, you can find inaccuracies in the relevant mathematical models.Therefore, this declaration of meteorologists is meaningless.
Which of the following, if true, would best serve as a basis for refuting the above view (i.e.the meteorologist's claim is meaningless).
A.Some unusual data structures can be used as the basis for accurate weather forecasts, even if the exact mechanism is unknown
B.As the accuracy of mathematical models is getting higher and higher, the accuracy of weather forecasts is also getting higher and higher
C.Mathematical models of the meteorological consequences of catastrophic events like volcanic eruptions are beginning to be constructed
D.Modern weather forecasts have reached 85% accuracy

b
Some people think that if a country can operate its economy efficiently, it will be able to create wealth and become rich: and if such a country wants to maintain political stability, the wealth it creates must be distributed fairly; the fair distribution of wealth will end economic risks; however, the existence of risks is an indispensable prerequisite for the efficient operation of the economy.
Which conclusion can be drawn from the above viewpoints?
A.Political stability and economic wealth cannot coexist in a country
B.Political stability and economic efficiency cannot coexist in a country
C.The economic operations of a rich country must be effective
D.A politically unstable country must be full of economic risks

c
Xiao Ai walked down the street with her sister Xiao Hui.Suddenly Xiao Ai said to Xiao Hui, "Oh, my nephew Xiao Gang is working in the bakery in front of us.Let's buy some bread." But Xiao Hui said "I do not have a nephew called Xiao Gang."
According to this, Xiao Hui should be Xiaogang's
A.Aunt
B.Wife
C.Mom
D.Father's sister

c
The 002 Nobel Prize winner in economics, psychologist Kahneman proposed in his famous "Prospect Theory": (a) most people are risk-averse when facing gains; (b) most people are risk-prone when facing losses; people are more sensitive to losses than to gains.
Which of the following does not fit the prospect theory.
A.A is sure to win 1,000 yuan.B has a 50% chance to win 2,000 yuan, and 50% probability will get nothing.Most people will choose A
B.With the plan X, it can save 200 people; With the plan Y, there is a one-third chance to save 600 people, and two-thirds chance that none will be saved.People are more willing to choose the plan X
C.If you have several good news to post, you should put them together
D.Before the annual return rate of the fund reaches 3%, the fund management company only charges 0.5% of the management fee to maintain its cost; when the annual return rate is between 3% and 4.5%, the fund manager will charge an additional 50% of the 3% return as the performance reward.

b
The long-tail theory is a new theory emerging in the Internet age and was proposed by American Chris Anderson.The long-tail theory believes that in the past due to factors of cost and efficiency, people could only focus on important people or important things.If the normal distribution curve is used to describe these people or things, people can only pay attention to the "head" of the curve and will ignore most people or things that need more energy and cost to pay attention to in the "tail" of the curve.
Which of the following cases, the long tail theory is used to emphasize the "tail".
A.Although the "hot" economic power is not as good as it was then, we still pay absolute attention to it
B.Businesses believe that listeners have an unlimited demand for non-popular music, and the market is extremely huge and should be paid attention to
C.Vendors focus on 20% of mainstream products that 80% of customers buy, and focus on maintaining 20% of mainstream customers who buy 80% of their products
D.When selling products, manufacturers focus on a few "VIP" customers, "no time" to take into account the majority of ordinary consumers

d
The crime of abuse refers to the acts of beating, scolding, freezing, starvation, confinement, forced overwork, failure to give medical treatment or other methods to the family members living together.
By definition, which of the following does not constitute crimes of abuse.
A.Wang's son is ill, but Wang is allowed to progress to critical illness on the grounds that the treatment will not be effective
B.Li often uses corporal punishment to educate his naughty son and often detains him
C.Zhang often insults his wife with words, and sometimes beats his wife
D.Supermarket owners often search employees and often ask for overtime for no reason

c
The Matthew Effect refers to the phenomenon that the better become better, the worse become worse, the richer become richer, and the poorer become poorer.
Which of the following options are not part of the Matthew Effect.
A.In the frenzy of the stock market and property market, the most profitable is always the dealer, and the most loser is always the retailer.
B.Talents in poor areas will flow to developed areas.Resources in poor areas will flow to developed areas cheaply.The system of poor areas is usually not as reasonable as that in developed areas.So the cycle will be repeated, and regional differences will increase.
C.Anyone can buy only one lottery ticket and win the jackpot
D.The more talented people there are, the more attractive they are; in turn, the scarce the recognized talents

b
A counterclaim is an act in which an accused has filed an independent action in an action that has been linked to the original suit.
Which of the following options is counterclaims.
A.The plaintiff sued the defendant for not repaying the loan, and the defendant sued the plaintiff for illegal construction.
B.The plaintiff sued for divorce, and the defendant asked the court to confirm that the marriage relationship was originally invalid
C.The plaintiff sued, asking the defendant to deliver according to the sales contract, and the defendant sued the supplier for failing to deliver on time.
D.The plaintiff sued the defendant for the ownership of the house he lived in, and the defendant asked the court to ask the plaintiff to repay the arrears

b
The Marriage Law stipulates that divorce will be granted to both men and women who voluntarily divorce.In a marriage case, only one party is voluntarily willing to divorce.
Therefore, the court's decision should be.
A.Divorce cannot be decided
B.Divorce may not be determined
C.Judgement after mutual agreement
D.Divorce should be decided

b
Traditional Chinese medicine is the pride of many Chinese people, but recently a signature campaign called "Cancel Traditional Chinese Medicine" initiated by experts believes that "Chinese medicine" does not actively seek progress and is not a rational and scientific medicine; it abuses natural resources; it is heartless and unjust, and deceive patients."
It can be deduced from this phenomenon that.
A.The efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine can not be questioned, so the cancellation of traditional Chinese medicine is just arrogant
B.People do not understand and have no confidence in traditional Chinese culture and traditional medicine
C.Although the efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine is unquestionable, the remarks to some extent reflect some of the difficulties that traditional Chinese medicine is currently facing
D.Such statements are purely personal prejudice and are not worth mentioning

d
Professor Richard Layard of the London School of Economics: "There is a paradox in our lives.Most people want higher and higher incomes and work tirelessly for it.But although western society is getting richer, people do not feel happier.Economic growth does not necessarily make people happier.It is futile for the masses to pursue material wealth.The more likely result is to make people less happy.
According to Richard Layard, which of the following statement is incorrect?
A.Happiness has nothing to do with people's income
B.People with higher incomes are less happy
C.People who want happiness should not have a high income
D.Happiness is not only measured by income

b
Suppose a government starts taxing two cents for each can of edible oil sold.However, tax records show that despite the stable population and strong enforcement of tax laws, the tax on edible oil has shown a downward trend in the first two years after the tax law came into effect.
Which of the following items, if correct, is the most helpful explanation for the decline in the taxation of edible oils.
A.Few households start producing their own edible oil after the tax increase
B.Merchants started selling edible oil in larger tanks than before after the tax law was implemented
C.Two years after the introduction of the edible oil tax, the government began to levy taxes on many other commodities
D.Edible oil cans are traditionally used as wedding gifts.After the implementation of the tax law, the use of edible oils as gifts has increased.

d
Four teams A.B, C, and D play a round-robin match (each team plays one game against the other team).Results: Team B loses one, Team C wins one less than Team B, and Team B wins one less than Team D.
So, the ranking of Team A is.
A.First place
B.Second place
C.Third place
D.Fourth place

d
Aesthetic Realm: refers to the joyful feelings and scenes beyond the natural realm, utilitarian realm and moral realm sublimated from the realm of life.
According to the above definition, which of the following options is not Aesthetic Realm?
A.It feels elegant to enjoy the famous painting Mona Lisa.
B.Reading "Picking Chrysanthemum under the East Hedge, Seeing Nanshan at Ease" gives you a feeling of ease.
C.Listening to the Erhu's performance "Two Springs Reflecting the Moon" makes people quiet
D.Reading the "Stock Guide" and become interested in stocks

b
Administrative disputes refer to disputes caused by administrative management between national administrative organs or between national administrative organs and enterprises, institutions, social organizations and citizens, including administrative disputes and administrative cases.
Which of the following options is not an administrative dispute?
A.The plaintiff is a clinic approved by the competent administrative department of health in accordance with the law.Because it did not accept the sanctions imposed by the health bureau on its unlicensed promotion of health products, it sued the health bureau
B.Plaintiff failed to obtain insurance compensation due to work-related injury, and sued factory to court
C.The plaintiff, an individual industrial and commercial household, was charged by the local administration for industry and commerce for setting up stalls in tourist attractions.The plaintiff considered the charges arbitrary and sued the administration
D.The plaintiff refused to accept the confirmation of fire department's fire accident liability and applied for a new confirmation

c
Transfer Learning: refers to the impact of one type of learning on another type of learning, that is, the influence that has occurred between the acquired knowledge experience, knowledge structure, motor skills, learning attitudes, strategies and methods, and new knowledge and skills.
Which of the following options does not reflect the ability to transfer learning?
A.Using geometric methods to prove the yellow-red intersection angle
B.When we encounter difficult problems and feel at a loss, we associate similar scenes that occurred before to find solutions from experience.
C.Xiao Zhang likes a football star.At first, he only liked his football skills, but slowly started to pay attention to all his life.
D.When basketball players learn to put shots, they are always used to throwing the ball in the beginning, but it is difficult to adapt to the shot-taking action of pushing the shot in a straight line.

c
Stress: refers to the response of all organisms to various external stimuli.It is a dynamic response and is completed in a relatively short period of time.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not stress?
A.Yellow weasel emits an odour when it encounters enemy
B.Various reactions when people see text and images
C.Polar bear's fur is white, consistent with the colour of the environment in which it lives
D.Cicada generally does not tweet below 24 ℃, but only tweet when the temperature is above 24 ℃ and the light reaches a certain level

d
Job burnout: refers to the phenomenon that the work itself requires too much of an individual's ability, energy, and resources, causing the worker to feel exhausted.
According to this definition, which of the following is not the teachers' job burnout?
A.Mr.Wang finds it difficult to complete the extra teaching tasks assigned by the school
B.Now many students are very naughty and some young teachers are struggling to cope with it
C.Because Mr.Li often works overtime recently, he has always been weak in class these days
D.Mr.Zhang has been distressed at work recently because of her tense relationship with her husband

a
① Popularization of computers ② Computer management society ③ Reduction of ethics of computer technicians ④ Disclosure of computer management information ⑤ Increase of computer professionals ⑥ Informationization of overall business management of enterprises
According to the following facts and comprehensive analysis, the most likely result is.
A.The increased computer crime rate
B.Violation of personal privacy
C.Increased computer allergies
D.Increased unemployed in management jobs

d
In city A.the driver's car accident insurance is paid at an average level, rather than the annual distance travelled by each driver.Under this mechanism, the insurance company can achieve a certain profit.Therefore, people with less than average mileage subsidize people with more than average mileage to some extent.
Which of the following statements holds true, then the above statement holds true？
A.Whenever a new driver purchases insurance, the average accident insurance premium charged to all drivers will also increase accordingly.
B.If drivers are classified based on annual mileage, insurance companies' profits will rise significantly
C.Drivers who receive high compensation from insurance companies pay insurance costs equal to or lower than those paid by other drivers
D.For an insurance company, the cost paid for someone with less than average mileage is less than the cost paid for someone with more mileage than average

c
When taking a polygraph test, as long as you take a small amount of some commonly used sedatives, you can make people undetected when lying.Because the psychological stress response measured by the polygraph can be suppressed by drugs without significant side effects.Inferred from this, this drug will also be effective in reducing psychological stress in daily life.
The premise of this passage is _____________.
A.Sedatives are effective in treating psychological stress
B.Inhibition of psychological stress response increases subjective psychological stress
C.The psychological stress measured by the polygraph is similar to the psychological stress of daily life
D.People who lie during a polygraph test often show signs of psychological stress

c
There are two kinds of people living on an island.One is the truth-teller and the other is the lie-teller.One day, one person travels to the island and encounters three islanders A.B, and C.Then he asked them who was the truth-teller and who was the lie-teller.A said, "B and C are both lie-tellers." B said, "I am the truth-teller." C said, "B is a lie-teller."
How many of these three people are telling lies?
A.0
B.1
C.2
D.3

d
Whether the technological revolution will increase unemployment is a problem that has long plagued people.From some statistics, people have found interesting phenomena.Although the United States has invested heavily in computer technology and other aspects over the past years, its current unemployment rate (approximately 5.5%) is not higher than the unemployment rate in the early 1960s, and in Western Europe it is 11%, where investment in computers has been less than in the United States.
Which of the following can be logically derived from the above text?
A.The development prospect of information technology is very broad
B.Information technology needs to evolve faster
C.Information technology does not cause unemployment
D.Development of information technology will not increase unemployment

c
In terms of being a tool of public health policy, the study of epidemic diseases has an advantage over the effects of toxins on animals: in epidemiology, there is no need to make inferences between different kinds of organisms.
Which of the following options can be inferred from the above?
A.In epidemiology, inferences between organisms are just auxiliary tools
B.Epidemiology is a precise science
C.In epidemiology, humans can be directly the subject of research
D.Toxin studies in animals draw conclusions slower than epidemiology

d
Sentence: A sentence consisting of a subject-predicate phrase or a single word
Which of the following options is a single sentence
A.as a bony man, it is better to stand and die than to live on his knees.
B, if you want to appreciate our gardens, Suzhou gardens should not be missed.
C, we should think carefully before answering the question so as not to revise it later.
D, due to long-term overwork, Li is finally sick and hospitalized.

a
Empathy refers to objectively understanding the subjective thoughts and emotional feelings of the parties from a human perspective and position, and conveying this understanding to the parties, but this does not necessarily mean that the listener must agree with the views and behaviors of the parties
Which of the following options embodies empathy?
A.do you feel wronged?
B, say something then I can help you.
C, there was nothing wrong with you doing that!
D, don't be sad, everything will pass.

b
Green consumption: also known as sustainable consumption, refers to a new type of consumption behavior and process characterized by moderate consumption control, avoiding or reducing damage to the environment, advocating nature and protecting the ecology.Green consumption includes not only green products, but also recycling of materials, efficient use of energy, protection of living environment, species, etc.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is most in line with the concept of green consumption?
A.buy more green plants
B, try to choose products with little or no packaging when shopping
C, in order to achieve the purpose of protecting special, we advocate keeping pets at home.
D, choose the cheapest product when shopping

c
Spam: E-mail advertisements, publications or other materials sent to users who do not take the initiative to ask for instructions; mails without clear communication methods, senders, return addresses, etc;  using China Telecom's network to engage in acts that violate other ISP's security policies or service terms; and other mails that are expected to lead to complaints.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is not a spam?
A.an advertisement email introducing the latest skin care products but dont know where it from.
B, an enthusiastic letter of praise but no clear sender.
C, an email from a known contact but with a virus in it.
D, an email with winning information from an unknown website.

a
Single service contract: refers to a contract in which one party only has rights and does not perform obligations, and the other party has only obligations but does not enjoy rights
Which of the following contracts is a single-service contract?
A.A gives B a car
B, A owes a debt to B, and the amount is large, so he mortgages his house to B
C, A buys B's old computer
D, A rents two houses from B

a
Fact 1: TV ads are becoming more and more ineffective, and the proportion of brand names that TV viewers can recall for promotion on TV is slowly decreasing.Fact 2: Television viewers recall the first or last advertisement in a series of commercial advertisements much better than they recall the advertisement somewhere in the middle.
Which of the following options, if correct, fact 2 will most likely provide an explanation for fact 1.
A.the average number of consecutive TV commercials is gradually increasing
B.At present, the average TV viewer can only recall less than half of the brands he or she sees promoting.
C, the total time allocated to each group of consecutive TV commercials gradually decreases
D, the number of groups that broadcast continuous advertisements on TV every hour gradually increases.

c
There is only one step between success and failure.Liu Qing, a famous writer in our country, once said, "The most important thing in this road of life is this step." Many people ran 99 steps clearly, but they stopped because they faced difficulties.He is only one step away from success
Which of the following options matches the meaning of this text?
A.step 99 is less useful than the last step
B, success or failure is determined by that step
C.Persist at critical times, you may succeed
D, there is only one step between success and failure

b
After a chef and a writer have argued fiercely, no one can persuade each other.The writer said angrily: "You haven't done writing at all, so you don't have the right to conduct literary discussions."  The chef answered, "I haven't laid eggs, but I'm more familiar with the taste of scrambled eggs than anyone else! "
which of the following can't be concluded from the above dialogue?
A.the writer expressed contempt for the chef in his argument
B, the chef shows high level of literary criticism in the dialogue
C, the author may be a chef qualified for literary criticism.The premise is ture
D.The chef's retort compared "writing" to "laying eggs" and "literary criticism" to "tasting the taste of eggs" is wrong

d
A group of randomly selected people watched a speaker give a lecture on environmental ethics to a large and concentrated audience, and another group of randomly selected people watched the same speaker give a lecture to a small and unconcentrated group of people in the same way.The former group thought that the speaker thought deeply and confidently, while the latter group thought that the speaker's expression was vague and lengthy.
The above materials best refute which of the following statements?
A.the same social behavior may give different feelings to different people in different social backgrounds
B, a randomly selected group of people may reach a consistent understanding of the personal qualities of the speaker in a specific social environment
C, a listener's comment on the speaker's speech may be influenced by the attitude of others
D.People's judgment of the speaker's personal qualities depends mainly on his content and the way he speaks

c
Natural disasters such as earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, and abnormal weather have caused far greater harm in the last decade than in previous decades.It can be concluded that as a natural environment, the earth becomes increasingly unfriendly and dangerous, so we should use meteorology and earth science to explore the reasons for this trend.
Which of the following options, if correct, the conclusions obtained above will be serious affected.
A.Meteorology and geology provided early warning systems for natural disasters in the last decade that are much better than in previous decades
B, In the last decade, international help operations against victims of natural disasters have been much better organized than they were decades ago
C, population pressure and poverty are forcing more and more people to move to disaster-prone areas
D, Major earthquakes, volcanic eruptions and natural disasters such as abnormal weather (such as droughts, landslides and floods) occurred in the last decade and the previous decades have been recorded

c
Pawning refers to the act that the pawnbroker pledges his movable property and property rights as pawns or mortgages his real estate as pawns to the pawnshop, paying a certain proportion of expenses, obtaining the pawnbroker's money, and paying interest on the pawnbroker's money, repaying the pawnbroker's money and redeeming the pawnbroker's property within an agreed period of time.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is pawning:
A.A furniture factory urgently needed funds and sold a batch of office furniture to a pawnshop for a very low price.
B.After a person defrauded a pawnshop of a large amount of money by using fake antiques forged by himself, he redeemed the fake antiques out of his own pocket for fear of disclosure.
C.A factory took a batch of raw materials as collateral and obtained pawn money from a pawn bank.After that, the plant continued to lose money.After repeated discussions, the pawn bank agreed to let the plant pay back the pawn money and only pay interest equivalent to the bank loan.
D.After stealing a friend's jewelry and exchanging it for money at a pawnshop, someone thought the money was too low to be worthwhile and redeemed the jewelry.

d
Language is a symbol system, a system of vocabulary building materials and grammatical organization rules combining sound and meaning with speech as the material shell and semantics as the meaning content.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is language:
A.Mute or sign language, a symbol system produced by the communication needs of the deaf, using fingers or gestures as a carrier.
B.Oracle, text from the Shang Dynasty in China.
C.Machine language is a computer language expressed directly in binary code instructions.
D.Hebrew, the national language of the Jews, is one of the oldest languages in the world.

b
Children's products are any products intended for play or use by children under the age of 14.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is children's products:
A.Some kind of milk powder for infants aged 0 to 1.
B.A comic book suitable for children around 10 years old.
C.Bumper cars in amusement parks that kids love to play with.
D.Brightly packed lollipops.

c
Multimedia teaching means that in the teaching process, according to the teaching objectives and the characteristics of the teaching objects, through teaching design, modern teaching media are reasonably selected and used, and are organically combined with traditional teaching methods to participate in the whole teaching process, and various media information is used on students to form a reasonable teaching process structure and achieve the optimal teaching effect.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not multimedia teaching:
A.Fan Zheng uses Powerpoint courseware in civil servant exam preparation lectures.
B.Zhu Xuelin answers class-related questions to students through video calls.
C.Students learn legal knowledge through a mock court organized by the school.
D.In the 1950s, agricultural technicians explained the planting technology to fellow villagers through a slideshow.

b
National heroes are: people who have made outstanding contributions in the struggle against the invasion and oppression of foreign nations, including those who are not afraid of violence and sacrifice in the struggle against them.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is national hero:
A.Song Jiang, a famous peasant uprising leader in the Song Dynasty.
B.Lin zexu, a famous historical figure who once ordered "selling cigarettes from humen".
C.Li Siguang, a famous scientist who picked the "poor oil country hat" for China.
D.Lei Feng, a good soldier who serves the people wholeheartedly.

b
Literary creation means that writers are moved by real life and create artistic images with language as materials to form literary works that can be appreciated by readers through the processing and transformation of their minds according to their aesthetic experience of life. Such a special and complicated spiritual production activity is called literary creation.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is literary creation:
A.Fan Zheng and Zhu Xuelin refused to meet visitors and devoted themselves to writing exam preparation materials for civil servants for several months.
B.Gao Yubao only attended school for one month.He was a child laborer at 9 years old, a laborer at 15 years old, and a carpenter at 17 years old.He wrote some popular Chinese characters and his "painted characters" into the popular novel "Midnight Chicken call".
C.A Bing, a blind man, spent his whole life on aesthetic experience of folk art and created the world-renowned erhu solo work "Two Springs Reflect the Moon".
D.An American student who likes Chinese classical literature very much, read a lot of books and made a lot of notes with unique insights.

c
Psychological displacement refers to that the communicators temporarily give up their subjective reference standards, try to see things from each other's views and values, and observe each other's thoughts and feelings from each other's standpoint and angle.It is helpful for the communicators to establish stable psychological connections and form harmonious and intimate interpersonal relationships.Psychological displacement can be said to be a kind of communication ability.The stronger the psychological displacement ability is, the greater its effect is, and the better communication will be.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not psychological displacement:
A.When lectured on "The Casual Encounter on the Train", the Chinese teacher let the students play the role of "father" in the text, and act as a temporary waiter on the train when he is in college.
B.Zhu Xuelin is always trying to figure out the students' ideas in order to continuously improve his teaching level.
C.Fan Zheng invited former students and asked him to tell his new classmates his successful experience of the year in class.
D.A founding member of the film crew of a youth TV series, came to listen to Fan Zheng's lectures and experience the classroom life of contemporary college students.

c
Self-awareness is a person's understanding and evaluation of himself.It includes the understanding and evaluation of his own psychological tendency, personality psychological characteristics, and psychological processes.It is because people have a self-awareness that they can control themselves and adjust to form a complete personality.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not in the category of self-awareness:
A.Children around the age of 1 know that their hands are their own and can reach for toys.
B.Zhu Xuelin often reflects on himself in his diary.
C.Zhu Xuelin wore a tie that was in harmony with the color of his suit before the lecture.
D.Fan Zheng made a brief introduction to his classmates before he started teaching.

b
Gambler psychology： Gamblers have their own set of theories, called gambler's fallacy, which is characterized by always believing that their expected goal will come.Just like when roulette is wagered, the probability of red or black in each round is 50%, but the gambler believes that if he bets red, if black appears several times in a row, the chance of red appearing next time will increase.If red does not appear this time, then it is more certain next time.This is a typical inequality principle, in fact, every chance is always 50%.The main characteristics of gamblers' psychology are: 1.they only want to get lucky and make a fortune, do not want to work or start a business to become rich; 2.dare to risk everything, take risks, or even take life as a risk cost; 3, in order to achieve the goal, they can use whatever means.
According to the above definitions, which of the following belongs to the gambler's psychology:
A.Fan Zheng bought some welfare lottery tickets, and felt that this kind of lottery buying was a kind act.
B.Zhu Xuelin accidentally won the lottery and felt that his luck would get better and better.
C.Someone is addicted to online games and doesn't even want to go to work.
D.Someone resigned to speculate in stocks.

c
Disturbance of inner behavior enters a state of continuous imbalance.This is the psychological crisis, which can refer to the serious imbalance of the psychological state, the difficulty in solving the intense conflicts of psychological contradictions, the mental collapse or mental disorder, and the occurrence of psychological disorders.When a person has a psychological crisis, the person concerned may be aware of it in a timely manner, or it may be "unconsciously." A person who thinks that he or she adheres to a habitual behavior pattern may also have a potential psychological crisis.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not in the category of psychological crisis:
A.Fan Zheng's friend died suddenly, and he looked back at his friend with infinite emotion.For many days, Fan Zheng felt very distressed and extremely sad.
B.Although the smoking time of Zhu Xuelin is not very long, when he just quit smoking, he always feel abnormally irritable and confused.
C.Xiaoming was nervous when he heard that he was going to take an exam.
D.He Wei loves his three pet dog babies very much.When he travels abroad, He Wei misses his dog babies very much.Due to his anxiety, he has to go home alone halfway.

d
Many people who call themselves teachers are not actually teachers because teaching is not their main source of income.
Which of the following is assumed in the above discussion?
A.Many people called teachers lack qualified professional knowledge and skills.
B.The amount of income can measure the degree to which a profession is valued by society.
C.Low income prevents teachers from dedicating themselves.
D.A person cannot be called a writer unless the writing is his main source of income.The same is true for teachers.

d
If parent decides that the child is wanted before the child is born, then the child will definitely not be abused after birth.
Which of the following is true, then the above conclusion will be true?
A.People who love children do not abuse the next generation.
B.People who don't want children usually raise them.
C.People who don’t love their children usually abuse them.
D.Child abusers don't want children.

b
Xiao Zhang asked Xiao Li to go to the mall the next day.Xiao Li said, "If it doesn't rain tomorrow, I'll go climbing." There was a drizzle the next day.Xiao Zhang thought Xiao Li would not go climbing, so he went to Xiao Li's dormitory to find him.But Xiao Li was still climbing the mountain.When the two met again, Xiao Zhang blames Xiao Li for his word.Since it was raining, why did he go to the mountain? Xiao Li said that he didn't break his word and Xiao Zhang's reasoning was illogical.
For the argument between the two, which of the following is appropriate?
A.This argument between Xiao Zhang and Xiao Li is meaningless.
B.Xiao Zhang's reasoning is illogical.
C.Two people have different understandings of drizzle.
D.Xiao Li's comment caused the debate.

c
It is because of sufficient dairy products as a source of food that herders living in the Hulunbuir steppe can ingest sufficient calcium.Obviously, this sufficient calcium is essential for herdsmen in hulun buir grassland to have a strong body.
Which of the following conditions, if true, would weaken the above assertion best?
A.Some herdsmen of the Hulunbuir Prairie do not have a strong physique, but the calcium intake from food is quite a lot.
B.Some herdsmen in the Hulunbuir Prairie do not have a strong physique and they cannot take enough calcium from food.
C.Some herdsmen of the Hulunbuir Prairie have a strong physique but do not have enough dairy products as a source of food.
D.Some herdsmen in the Hulunbuir Prairie do not have a strong physique, but have sufficient dairy products as a source of food.

d
Light exposure can help alleviate winter depression.Researchers have studied nine patients who all suffered from winter depression due to shorter winter days.Researchers exposed the patients to strong light with floral fragrance for three hours in the morning and three hours in the evening.Within a week, seven patients completely got rid of depression and the other two showed significant improvement.As the light could induce the body to mistakely think that summer is coming, winter depression was cured.
Which of the following, if true, would weaken the conclusion of the above argument?
A.Researchers' intentional use of floral scent, when exposed to strong light, has a significant effect on improving the indications for patients with winter depression.
B.The experiment was conducted in the temperate climate of the northern hemisphere, and the experimental differences between the northern and southern hemispheres cannot be distinguished or excluded in advance.
C.Damage to the skin from intense light has been confirmed by special studies, and summer is more harmful than winter.
D.The non-working state of six hours a day changes the patients' original living environment and improves their mentality, which is a major impact on patients with depression.

d
Evaporation heat dissipation: refers to a heat dissipation method in which the moisture of body fluid changes from liquid state to gaseous state on the surface of skin and mucous membrane (mainly respiratory tract mucous membrane) while taking away a large amount of heat.
According to the above definition, which of the following belongs to evaporative heat dissipation?
A.Wipe your body with alcohol when you have a high fever
B.Swimming to escape summer heat
C.Cooling with ice cubes in summer
D.Sweating on a hot summer day

a
Moral hazard: refers to the fact that after a certain contract is signed, the agent carries out activities in the case where the client cannot monitor or the cost exceeds the benefits of supervision, and this kind of activities will cause losses to the client.
According to the above definition, which of the following behaviors is not a moral hazard?
A.A terminally ill person conceals his illness and purchases a huge amount of life insurance
B.People who buy car-theft insurance are reluctant to install car anti-theft devices
C.People who buy property insurance are reluctant to spend money to strengthen door locks
D.People who purchase health insurance visit hospitals more often than before

c
Urban Agglomeration: refers to the accumulation of a considerable number of cities of different natures, types and scales within a specific area, with one or two megacities as the center.Depending on certain natural environments and traffic conditions, the inner links between cities are constantly strengthening to form a relatively complete city "collection".
According to the above definition, which of the following belongs to Urban Agglomeration?
A.Zhejiang Province
B.Six cities and one province in East China
C.Yangtze River Delta Economic Zone
D.Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan

d
Doppler Effect: refers to the phenomenon that the observer feels that the frequency changes when the wave source and the observer move relative to each other.When the wave moves from the wave source to the observer, the receiving frequency becomes higher, and when the wave source moves away from the observer, the receiving frequency becomes lower.
According to the above definition, which of the following phenomena does not belong to the Doppler Effect?
A.Experienced soldiers can judge whether the flying cannonball is approaching or distant from the sound of the cannonball flight.
B.The speed of motion of distant celestial bodies relative to the earth can be determined by the frequency of light waves emitted by distant celestial bodies received from the earth.
C.A monitor equipped with a speedometer transmits ultrasonic waves of a known frequency to the moving vehicle, and at the same time measures the frequency of the reflected wave, and the speed of the vehicle can be known according to the frequency change of the reflected wave
D.The alcohol detector is used to detect whether the driver drinks alcohol.When the alcohol concentration in the driver's mouth is too high, the diffusion speed is faster, and the light wave emitted by the detector can be detected.

c
Compensatory wage gap: refers to the wage difference caused by the non-monetary characteristics of different jobs.
According to the definition above, which of the following options has nothing to do with compensatory wages?
A.The annual income of a city's power system meter reader is higher than the city's per capita salary.The high salary is used to compensate for their physical and mental labor consumed during the work process.
B.Coal workers receive higher wages than other workers with similar education levels.High wages are used to compensate for the dullness and danger of coal mining and the long-term health problems faced by coal workers.
C.Professor's salary is lower than lawyers and doctors who have about the same education time, and low salary can be compensated by academic and personal satisfaction brought by work
D.Night workers in factories pay more than workers in the day shift.High wages are used to compensate for the adverse health effects of having to work at night and sleeping during the day.

a
Insurance Company X is considering issuing a new policy to provide the services needed by the elderly who suffer from geriatric diseases.The insurance premium must be low enough to attract customers.Therefore, company X will consider that the income from the policy is not enough to cover the claims that will arise.
Which of the following strategies is most likely to minimize Company X's losses on the policy?
A.Attract middle-aged customers who will not be able to claim to benefit from the policy for future years
B.Provide insurance only to individuals who are wealthy enough to pay for medical services
C.Provide more services in this policy than in other lower-cost policies
D.Provide insurance only to individuals who have been rejected by other insurance companies in similar insurance programs

a
Salesperson: "The picture tube is the core component of any TV.The TV brand P and the TV brand T use picture tube of same quality.But the price of P is lower.So when you buy TV brand P, not brand T, you pay a lower price for a TV with the same image quality."
Which of the following, if correct, will best support the salesperson's conclusion.
A.The image quality of television is determined solely by the quality of its picture tube
B.P TV and T TV are assembled in the same factory
C.The salesperson makes less money from selling P than T TVs
D.P sell more than T TVs every day

c
It is known that there are 6 balls, 3 wooden balls, and 3 leather balls.Among them, 5 balls are stained with red pigment, and 4 balls are stained with blue pigment.
Which of the following statements is possibly correct?
A.Two balls are stained with blue pigment but neither is stained with red pigment
B.Three wooden balls stained with red pigment are not stained with blue pigment
C.Two wooden balls are stained with red but not with blue
D.Only one of the three wooden balls stained with blue pigment is stained with red pigment

b
A large amount of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere by burning fossil fuels now does not actually cause a greenhouse effect--that is, an increase in global average temperature.Because if the supply of carbon dioxide rises, plants will consume the gas more, so they will grow taller and lusher, so the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere will eventually remain stable.
Which of the following items, if correct, will most seriously weaken the conclusion that a large amount of carbon dioxide currently released into the atmosphere will not cause the greenhouse effect.
A.When the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere rises, seawater absorbs more carbon dioxide
B.Methane is produced when plants rot, which is another gas that can cause a significant greenhouse effect
C.From the beginning of the Industrial Revolution, the rise in carbon dioxide concentrations in the atmosphere has led to increased agricultural productivity
D.The fact that carbon dioxide content has risen or fallen many times in the history of the earth suggests that there are some biological effects that can reverse the greenhouse effect

d
It is a feeling to like a person; it is a fact to dislike a person.The facts are easy to explain, but the feeling is indescribable.
which of the following can we infer from this passage?
A.Like or dislike a person is unclear
B.Like or dislike a person is irrational
C.There is no reason to dislike someone
D.Like a person is not clear why

c
Protein medicines, such as insulin, must still be implemented through a cumbersome subcutaneous injection procedure.If protein medicines are taken orally, they will be digested without reaching the target cells.However, some non-protein medicines contain chemical bonds that are not broken down by the digestive system.
The above discussion most strongly supports the assertion that users of protein drugs will benefit if which of the following research objectives is successfully achieved.
A.Permanently remove substances that digest protein in the digestive system
B.Determine how long it takes for each non-protein drug to reach its target cell
C.Encapsulating insulin is a mixture that can be broken down by target cells, but its chemical bonds will not be digested
D.A systematic method to determine which enzymes and bacteria are present in the normal digestive system

b
The ancient Greek playwright Euripides did not adhere to the rules of stylistic structure in his late writings as he did earlier.A recently discovered play by Euripides, in which the verses are as strict as his earlier plays, so the script must have been written by Euripides in the early days.
Which of the following is the assumption made above? ?
A.Ancient playwrights tend to be more reluctant to break certain stereotypes in their later stages than in their early stages
B.Euripides did not write any script that mimicked the style of his earlier works late in his career
C.With the development of creation, Euripides is increasingly free from the conventions of its poetic structure
D.Late in his creative career, Euripides was the only playwright of his time struggling to break the rules of poetry.

d
An animal protection group in Country M is working to change the long-held perception of bats as a horrifying animal.The group argues that bats are scary and disturbing because they avoid people just because they see people, and they only operate at night.
Which of the following, if true, would most seriously challenge the accuracy of the organization's arguments? ?
A.Bats have gradually lost their natural habitats, such as caves and hollow trees, so they have gradually moved to more populated areas to find habitats
B.People know more about the behavior of other very scary animals like lions, alligators and snakes than they do of bats
C.Bats are also considered a scary animal in areas other than country M
D.Raccoons and owls also avoid people when they see people, and they only work at night, but generally, they are not scary and disturbing

b
Hard news is news that affects the national economy, people's livelihood and people's vital interests, including major party and state guidelines, policy formulation and changes, market conditions, disease epidemics, weather changes, major disasters, etc.Hard news provides the basis for people's political, economic, work and daily life decisions.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not hard news?
A.China's relief supplies worth more than 56 million yuan aid Thailand through Shanghai Port
B.Postgraduate students from Peking University return to their hometown in rural areas to build "Liren" library to promote educational reform
C.Shanghai has an increase of 180,000 newborns each in the next two years, which is the highest birth rate in ten years
D."God Eight" dream-chasing, China implements the first space docking

a
The magnitude of the earthquake in Mecca is a unit of measurement that measures the impact of an earthquake on a particular location, and is judged by the macroscopic phenomena such as the degree of damage to ground buildings during the earthquake, changes in terrain and landforms, and human perception.The intensity is from 1 to 12 degrees from not felt to full damage, and damage will be caused by 5 degrees or more.The intensity will vary depending on the observation site.
According to the above definition, which of the following is wrong with the following statement?
A.The magnitude of the earthquake nearer to the source will definitely increase.
B.Macquarie earthquake intensity is not the absolute intensity of the earthquake
C.The magnitude of the earthquake in Mecca is related to various conditions in the earthquake area
D.The magnitude of the earthquake in Mecca is a scale indicating the degree of earthquake damage

a
The so-called "homogeneous competition" refers to the phenomenon in which products of different brands in the same product category imitate each other in terms of performance, appearance and even marketing methods, so as to gradually converge.Homogenization competition is not conducive to consumers to identify product characteristics.If it is a well-known brand It is still competitive.If it is a generic brand, it will inevitably have a brutal price war.The market prospect is not optimistic.
According to the above definition, which of the following is homogeneous competitions?
A.Publishing House follows the trend and publishes novels
B.Green organic planting in the countryside
C.Using the Internet for publicity
D.False advertisements in the health products industry

c
"Trojan" program is currently a relatively popular virus file.Unlike ordinary viruses, it does not reproduce itself and does not "intentionally" infect other files.It entices users to download and execute by disguising themselves as normal files.The trojan opens the portal of the seed computer so that the seed owner can destroy it arbitrarily, steal files from the seed computer, and even remotely control the seed computer.
According to the above definitions, which of the following are main hazards caused by "trojan" programs?
A.Corrupt System Files
B.Reduce running speed
C.Stealing user privacy
D.Disguising normal files

a
The word "totem" comes from the Indian word "totem", meaning "its relative", "its mark".In the primitive beliefs, the people of this clan are believed to have originated from a specific species, that is, they are related to a certain animal Or natural objects have kinship.Therefore, the totem belief has relationship with ancestor worship.The second meaning of "totem" is "sign".The totem sign played an important role in primitive society, it was the earliest social organization sign And symbol, with unity groups, close blood relations, maintaining social organization and distinguishing functions.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not a totem phenomenon below?
A.The Mongolians regard "Cangtian" as the eternal supreme god, and "Genghis Khan" means "Lai Cangtian's strength and sweat"
B.In the legend of the Dai people, their first grandmother mated with a large flower snake, breeding and forming the Dai people
C.A bird pole is erected at the entrance of each village of the ancient Korean people as a symbol of the clan
D.The Oroqen tribe calls the male bear "Yaya", meaning grandfather, and the female bear "Taitie", meaning grandmother

d
There are four blood types: A.B, O, and AB.People with the same blood type can transfuse each other.Only people with type O blood can be transfused to any type of blood, but they can only receive type O blood, but not the other three.Blood type blood, only people with type AB blood can accept blood of any one type, but can only be lost to people with blood type AB, and the other three types of blood cannot accept type AB blood.Zhao is known as type A blood Qian can't accept Zhao's blood, nor can he transfusion to Zhao.Sun can accept Zhao's blood, but can't transfusion to Zhao, Li can't accept Zhao's blood, but can transfusion to Zhao.
Based on the above conditions, determine the blood types of Qian, Sun and Li?
A.Qian A.Sun B, Li O
B.Qian B, Sun O, Li AB
C.Qian AB, Sun O, Li B
D.Qian B, Sun AB, Li O

b
Now most of the disposable plastic cans are labeled with the type or quality of the plastic (from 1 to 9).The plastic with the lowest number is the easiest to be recycled by the recycling factory.Plastic is rarely recycled.As a result, consumers can significantly reduce non-recyclable waste in the long run by refusing to buy products that are packaged in the highest numbered plastic products.
Which of the following items, if correct, can most seriously weaken the above conclusions.
A.Currently, the cost of collecting, sorting, and recycling discarded plastic waste is higher than new plastic products made from raw materials
B.Many consumers don't notice the numbers printed on plastic containers
C.After recycling of plastic containers, the number is almost always on the rise, because recycling will reduce the quality of plastic products
D.Communities that collect all discarded plastic containers for recycling in the future only dump higher-numbered plastics into garbage dumps when there is clearly no recycler to recycle them

c
After the computer results of a class were announced, Class A said: Some of our class passed, Class B said: Some class failed, Class C said: Zhang Ming did not pass, but in fact two of the three students What my classmates say is not true.
Which of the following items are the real situation of the computer test results of this class.
A.At least one classmate failed the exam
B.Except Zhang Ming, there are other students who passed the exam
C.None of the students in this class failed the exam
D.Only one student in this class failed the exam

a
People who regularly participate in boxing are generally healthier than those who do not, so participating in sports can help improve health.
If the following items are true, they will most likely question the above conclusions.
A.Only healthy people can participate in boxing
B.Boxing can train people's responsiveness and increase their acuity
C.Every year, a small number of people are injured in boxing due to accidents
D.Men love boxing more than women

b
Skillful technology or sufficient time (more than one month) is a necessary condition for completing a craft.Xiao Zhou completed a craft in only 25 days, indicating that Xiao Zhou has mastered the skill.
Which of the following? Term reasoning methods are most similar to the stem.
A.A product must be sold well in the market, high quality and sufficient publicity and advertising are necessary.There is a fan, experts appraise that the quality is high, but the sales are not good, indicating that its publicity and advertising are not enough
B.Low wages and poor financial management, the family economy is bound to be tight.Xiao Zhao's wages are not high, but the economy is affluent every month, indicating that Xiao Zhao is good at financial management
C.Either exceptional performance this year, or the company's 30 years of service, can receive this year's special allowance.Mr.Huang received this year's special allowance, but he has only served in the company for 10 years, indicating that Mr.Huang's exceptional performance this year
D.An offender must have both motive and time for committing a crime.In a case, Mr.Li has the motive for the crime, but has no time for the crime, indicating that Mr.Li is not the perpetrator of the case

b
Demonstration: When making economic decisions, people tend to consider environmental factors less or not, such as cost-benefit analysis of air and water cleanliness, extinction of endangered species, etc.Environmental economists believe that people need to consider environmental factors more It is necessary to give environmental factors a certain economic value.However, the economic value itself comes from the cost-benefit analysis made by people when they make economic decisions.Conclusion: There is a contradiction between the basic research goals of environmental economics and their research methods.
Assuming the above argument is correct, how strong does the argument support the conclusion?
A.Strong, it is impossible to give a certain economic value to environmental factors, unless people consider environmental factors when making economic decisions
B.Strong, unless economic decisions have no de facto effect on things affected by environmental factors
C.Weak at best because the above paragraph does not prove that economic decision makers generally do not consider environmental factors
D.At best it is weak because the above discussion assumes that pollution and other environmental impacts rarely result from economic decisions

d
Although the detection system X and the detection system Y are based on different principles, they can detect all product defects, and they will erroneously eliminate 3% of non-defective products.Due to the high cost of erroneous elimination, two sets are installed at the same time.System and save money by simply eliminating products that both systems consider defective.
The above discussion needs to be based on the following hypothesis.
A.The loss caused by accepting a defective product is greater than the loss caused by eliminating a flawless product
B.Regardless of which system is used, the second test only needs to test the products that have not been eliminated for the first time
C.Among products in the same price range, System X and System Y are the least error detection systems on the market
D.The 3% defect-free product incorrectly eliminated by System X is not identical to the 3% defect-free product incorrectly eliminated by System Y

d
Human assets refer to labor resources that are owned or controlled by a company for a certain period of time and can be measured in currency to bring future economic benefits to the enterprise.It is formed by capitalizing the investment of labor resources, that is, human assets are recruited by the company The cost of selecting, hiring, training, and developing enterprise assets recognized in accordance with asset metrics.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not a human asset below?
A.Excellent management talent
B.Innovative R & D team
C.Hardworking production workers
D.Efficient personnel system

c
The shadow price is a price calculated by the linear rule method that reflects the optimal use of resources.Calculus is used to describe the shadow price of the resource, that is, when the resource increases by a quantity to obtain a new maximum value of the objective function, the maximum value of the objective function increases The ratio of the quantity to the increment of the resource is the first-order partial derivative of the objective function on the constraints (that is, the resource).When the optimal use of resources is solved by the linear programming method, that is, the process of how to maximize the total output of limited resources The corresponding minimum value is obtained, and its solution is the dual solution.The minimum value is used as an economic evaluation of resources and is expressed as a shadow price.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the shadow price?
A.A mathematical concept
B.A philosophical concept
C.A management concept
D.A statistical concept

a
Many animal remains have been found in caves that have the remains of Pleistocene primates (some people think of it as human ancestors).From the frequency of various bones, many animals have died elsewhere, only some parts of the body Part of it was brought back to the cave.So, with so many prey, Pleistocene primates must be good at hunting.
Which of the following items, if correct, weaken the above conclusions most severely.
A.The imprints on all bones, including the bones of the Pleistocene primate, are the fingerprints of a large carnivore of that era
B.The bones in the cave do not include the bones of an elephant-like animal of the same period as the Pleistocene primate
C.No evidence of fire in cave where animal bones were found
D.Pleistocene primates sometimes move between caves in search of shelter, they don't just stay in one cave all their lives

b
A and B walk from the library to the classroom at the same time.A walks halfway and runs halfway.B walks halfway and runs halfway.If both walk, the speed is the same.
then?
A.A arrives in the classroom first
B.B arrives in the classroom first
C.A and B arrive at the classroom at the same time
D.Unable to judge

b
Skillful technology or sufficient time (more than one month) is a necessary condition to complete a craft.Xiao Zhou completed a craft in only 25 days, indicating that Xiao Zhou has mastered the skill.
Which of the following? Term reasoning methods are most similar to the stem.
A.A product must be sold well in the market, high quality and sufficient publicity and advertising are necessary.There is a fan, experts appraise that the quality is high, but the sales are not good, indicating that its publicity and advertising are not enough
B.Low wages and poor financial management, the family economy is bound to be tight.Xiao Zhao's wages are not high, but the economy is affluent every month, indicating that Xiao Zhao is good at financial management
C.Either exceptional performance this year, or the company's 30 years of service, can receive this year's special allowance.Mr.Huang received this year's special allowance, but he has only served in the company for 10 years, indicating that Mr.Huang's exceptional performance this year
D.An offender must have both motive and time for committing a crime.In a case, Mr.Li has the motive for the crime, but has no time for the crime, indicating that Mr.Li is not the perpetrator of the case

a
To strengthen the construction of socialist material civilization, we must vigorously develop socialist productive forces.Only by further reforming the production relations that restrict the development of productive forces can we vigorously develop socialist productive forces.Without establishing a firm consciousness on the path of reform, it is impossible to go Reform the production relations that restrict the development of productive forces.
Which of the following () items can be deduced from the stem.
A.To strengthen the construction of socialist material civilization, we must establish a firm sense of reform
B.People who advocate strengthening the construction of socialist material civilization cannot agree not to take the road of reform
C.Once a firm consciousness on the path of reform is established, the construction of socialist material civilization can be strengthened
D.To develop socialist productive forces, it is not necessary to follow the path of reform

b
Recourse to authority refers to the logical fallacy of the argument without analysing quotes from authoritative persons as a sufficient argument for the validity of the argument.
Which of the following () statement contains the error of "recourse to authority".
A.For well-known scientists, the government and society always give them various titles, reputations and various favorable treatments.
B.A principal said: "The logic of boys and girls is different, a well-known professor has always said so"
C.Xiao Wang wants to apply for a doctoral candidate in the direction of ancient Chinese literature.Professor Zhang, a famous expert in ancient Chinese literature, wrote a letter of recommendation for him.
D.As an authority in the field of nuclear physics, Researcher Wang, the representative of the National People's Congress, accepted an interview on food safety.In the interview, he repeatedly emphasized that his opinions on food safety are merely personal opinions.

d
A research team at Cellera Genomics reported in the journal Science that comparing mouse chromosomes with human chromosomes, they found that they have 95% similarity in terms of genes, gene content, and DNA sequence, so There is not much difference between mice and humans.
The assumption on which the above conclusion relies is ().
A.Completed mapping of animal genetic maps is often very inaccurate
B.From the perspective of intelligence and emotion, there are huge differences between mice and humans
C.Rats have little intelligence and can be ignored when compared with humans
D.The main criterion for judging the difference between species is the genetic similarity of the species

b
The teachers in a middle school are very caring.Some teachers who often volunteer for blood donation make up lessons for students with learning difficulties free of charge.All teachers who subsidize poor students form difficult pairs with needy families, but all teachers who make up lessons for difficult students for free None of them formed difficult pairs with difficult families.
Based on the above premise, Which of the following () must be true.
A.Some teachers who sponsored poor students did not volunteer blood donations
B.Some teachers who often volunteer blood don't fund poor students
C.Some teachers who finance poor students often volunteer blood donations
D.Some teachers who often volunteer for blood donation help with difficult families

a
A is a necessary condition for B, C is a sufficient condition for B but not a necessary condition for B
Then ().
A.C is a sufficient condition for A but not a necessary condition for A
B.C is a necessary condition but not a sufficient condition for A
C.C is a necessary and sufficient condition for A
D.C is neither a sufficient condition nor a necessary condition for A

c
It is generally believed that the thinking of scientists is based on strict logical reasoning, rather than image thinking.But research shows that Nobel Prize winners use image thinking more than ordinary scientists because image thinking Make a major scientific breakthrough
The above conclusion is based on the following () assumptions.
A.Methodical, stepwise reasoning is essential for general scientific research
B.Nobel laureates have the ability to think creatively with visual thinking
C.Nobel Laureate Makes Major Scientific Breakthrough
D.Nobel Laureate is smarter and harder than average scientist

d
Once consumers realize that inflation has begun, they will generally increase their consumption, and this increase is easily explained by the phenomenon that consumers hope that they will not delay the purchase of products that will definitely increase their prices, although consumers expect that prices will continue to rise Wages will also rise, but consumers will eventually postpone purchases of even daily necessities during long-term inflation.
Which of the following () items, if correct, can best explain the apparent inconsistencies in consumer behavior described above.
A.Consumers save more during inflation than during non-inflation
B.There is usually a lag between when economic indicators signal that inflation has begun and consumers realize that inflation has begun
C.If a large number of consumers cannot buy the goods, prices will eventually fall, but wages will not be affected
D.Because the increase in wages cannot keep up with the rise in prices, consumer purchasing power has declined during the long-term inflation stage

d
After graduating from high school, people rarely do math problems or talk about history, but people face daily decisions related to the family economy.However, when mathematics and history are compulsory in the high school curriculum, family economics is only an elective Class, and very few students take this course.
Which of the following points () are best supported by the above discussion.
A.Unless high school focuses more on non-professional subjects like family economics, people who graduate from high school will never easily make decisions in daily life
B.Although family economics is the most useful discipline for people who have to make decisions in their daily lives, usually mathematics and history can also help people make these decisions
C.Mathematics, history and other subjects that are not directly related to one's daily life should not be a required part of the high school curriculum
D.If it is important to teach high school students about disciplines that they will face later in everyday life, then home economics should be an important part of the high school curriculum

d
A certain meeting invited Zhang, Wang, Li, Zhao, Sun, and Zhou from a certain unit.However, due to work arrangements, six people cannot go at the same time.Among them: Zhang and Zhao Only one person can participate in the meeting; Li and Zhao can only have one person to participate in the meeting; at least one of Zhang and Wang can participate in the meeting; two of three are Zhang, Sun and Zhou.Attend the meeting; both Wang and Li either attend the meeting or neither; if Zhao does not attend the meeting, then Sun does not attend the meeting.
According to this arrangement, the last person who did not attend the meeting may be ().
A.Zhang and Wang
B.Wang and Li
C.Lee and Zhao
D.Zhao and Sun

a
A.B, and C sell their products.One of these three products is a counterfeit product, and the other two are genuine products.A said, "My product is a genuine product, and B's product is a counterfeit product." B said: "My product is genuine, C's product is a counterfeit product"; C said: "B's product is a genuine product, and A's product is a counterfeit product." It is known that one of the three persons A.B, and C has two sentences.It is true that one sentence is true, one sentence is false, and one sentence is false.
Well, the counterfeit products are ().
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.Unsure

d
Archaeology is a science that studies how to find and acquire the physical relics of ancient human society, and how to study the history of human society based on these relics.In other words, archaeology is a science subject based on the discovery of science and the study of history through objects.
According to the above definition, which of the following is archaeology?
A.Author of ancient books
B.Identification of the authenticity of ancient paintings at auction
C.Estimating the value of the exhibits
D.Research on the age of agricultural tools unearthed

d
Action thinking is also known as "intuitive action thinking".Its basic feature is that thinking and action are inseparable.You cannot think without action.The task or topic of action thinking is related to the current directly perceived object.The way of thinking about solving problems is not According to appearance and concept, but based on current perception and actual operation.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not thinking of action?
A.Toddlers fiddle with objects for calculations
B.A student rides a bicycle home
C.Gorilla stacking wooden boxes to get high things
D.An architect draws design drawings on the computer

a
Geo-cultural culture is a social science that explores the cultural characteristics and development laws of geographical areas from local geography, environmental relationships and the social, cultural differences and causes associated with them.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is geophysical research objects?
A.Huishang phenomenon
B.The development process of an agricultural landscape in a certain place
C.Urban house price skyrocketing
D.Entrepreneurship of college students in a city

a
Opinion leaders are active people who often provide information to others in the interpersonal communication network and exert influence on others.They play an important intermediary or transition role in the formation of the effect of mass communication.To form a two-level spread of information.
Based on the above definition, is the following statement correct?
A.Wide range of opinion leaders
B.Opinion leaders are usually authority figures
C.Opinion leaders are democratic recommendations
D.Independent opinion interviews by opinion leaders

c
Natural breath refers to the fruits and animals produced in accordance with the natural growth law of matter, and is part of the original before separation from the original.Natural breath is obtained by the owner; both the owner and the beneficial owner If it is obtained by the usufructuary, if the parties agree otherwise, the agreement shall be followed.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following natural breath?
A.Xiao Shen's mobile phone picked up on the subway
B.Antiques dug out of Uncle Chen's old house
C.Peaches from peach trees in Changfeng Park
D.Aunt Zhang's cat to the neighbor Aunt Wang

d
Papers involving national military, political or economic secrets are not part of a public dissertation.
If the above assertion is true, Which of the following items must also be true.
A.Papers that do not involve national military, political or economic secrets cannot be made public
B.Non-public dissertations are all about national military, political or economic secrets
C.Some papers involving national military, political or economic secrets can be made public
D.None of the public dissertations are those involving national military, political, or economic secrets

d
Paradox refers to making two mutually negative determinations of the same subject against the same object in the same thinking or debate process.
Which of the following?
A.At the beginning of reading "Liao Zhai Zhi Yi", Xiao Li thought that all the ghosts were blue-faced fangs, but after reading the complete book, he said that not all ghosts were blue-faced fangs.
B.Mr.Fang said when introducing the classification of organisms, "Eyeworms have both animal and plant characteristics."
C.Introducing the situation of animals in Antarctica, Mr.Wang said, "Although there are few species of birds in the Antarctic coast, there are many birds."
D.After Manager Zhang spoke, Lao Chen said, "I basically completely agree with Manager Zhang"

c
A research team at Celera Genomics reported in the journal Science that comparing mouse chromosomes with human chromosomes, they found that they have 95% similarity in terms of genes, gene content, and DNA sequence.There is not much difference between mice and humans.
What assumption does the above conclusion rely on?
A.The genetic maps of animals that have been drawn are often inaccurate
B.From the perspective of intelligence and emotion, there are huge differences between mice and humans
C.The main criterion for judging the difference between substances is the genetic similarity of the species
D.Rats have little intelligence and can be ignored when compared with humans

b
The population of City A has maintained a negative growth for a long time.According to education experts, due to the declining number of school-age children, the number of primary and junior high school students in City A will be less and less.
Which of the following items, if correct, would be the strongest indication that the educational experts' inferences are flawed.
A.Due to various reasons, there is no effective statistics on the phenomenon of individual unmarried or illegal childbirth.
B.With the sharp increase in migrant workers, their children will be studying in elementary and junior high schools in city A nearby.
C.Due to the implementation of withdrawal sites and schools and the uneven distribution of educational resources, the number of primary and junior high schools in City A has increased significantly in recent years
D.The reduction in the number of students in schools will make small-class teaching truly a reality, which will help improve the quality of education

a
The three persons A.B, and C sell their products.One of the three products is a counterfeit product, and the other two are genuine products.A said: "My product is a genuine product, B's product is a counterfeit product"; B said: "My product It's a genuine product, and C's product is a counterfeit product "; C said," B's product is a genuine product, and A's is a counterfeit product."It is known that one of the three persons A.B, and C is true, one One bit is true, one is false, and one is both false.
So who is selling counterfeit goods?
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.Unsure

a
The teachers in middle school are very caring.Some teachers who often volunteer for blood donation make up lessons for students with learning difficulties for free.Every teacher who subsidizes poor students has formed difficult pairs with families with difficulties, but all those who make up for less None of the teachers had difficulties in pairing families.
Based on the above premise, Which of the following items must be true.
A.Some teachers who often volunteer blood don't support poor students
B.Some teachers who sponsored poor students did not volunteer blood donations
C.Some teachers who sponsor poor students often donate blood
D.Some teachers who often volunteer for blood donation help with difficult families

a
Carbon footprint refers to the collection of greenhouse gas emissions caused by corporate organizations, activities, products or individuals, and it indicates the carbon consumption crown of a person or group.Carbon is natural resources composed of carbon elements such as oil, coal, and wood.Carbon consumes much more, and carbon dioxide, the culprit that causes global warming, is also produced, and the carbon footprint is large, otherwise, the carbon footprint is small.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following actions may not necessarily reduce personal carbon footprint:
A.Go to bed early and get up early to exercise
B.Advocating for no pets
C.Eat more vegetables and less meat
D.Choosing buses to reduce self-driving

c
Cultural change refers to a change in the culture of an ethnic group due to the development of an ethnic society or due to contact between different ethnic groups.New things are added due to invention or borrowing, resulting in the loss of old things.It is a cultural change; Due to changes in the ecological environment and social life, some cultural factors automatically disappear in the absence of substitutes, which is also a cultural change.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are not cultural changes: ____
A.Pompeii Champaign with splendid charisma disappeared in the eruption of Mount Vesuvius
B.The ancient Maya and Mayan culture died together in the long river of history
C.With the colonization and development of Britain, English became the official language of many Asian countries
D.London's taxi carriages have gradually withdrawn from the stage of history due to the advent of cars

d
The concept of stealing refers to the logical error caused by consciously or unconsciously violating the logical requirements of the same law in the course of thinking and debate, replacing one different concept with another.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are the concepts of stealing:
A.I haven't asked about this matter, just understand the situation from the side, and give some opinions for reference only.
B.If Zhang Da is defined as the wife's lover, then the wife is the husband's lover
C.In order to accelerate China's development, the aerospace industry must be vigorously developed, because, in developed countries, the aerospace industry is developing rapidly.
D.A western reporter asked: "In your China, why is the road taken by people clear?" Zhou Enlai replied: "We are following the Marxist road.For short, the road."

b
Declarative knowledge is knowledge about "which of the following is the world".It can be directly stated.The required psychological process is mainly memory.Procedural knowledge is knowledge about "how to do".It cannot be stated directly.It can only be inferred by a certain form of assignment.It exists.
According to the above definition, Which of the following classification is correct
A.’Repairing bicycles is declarative knowledge, and‘ music appreciation ’requires procedural knowledge
B."The capital of the United States is Washington" is declarative knowledge, ‘addition and subtraction’ requires procedural knowledge
C."Boiling at 100 ° C with water" is declarative knowledge, "the molecular formula of water is H, O" is procedural knowledge
D."riding archery" is declarative knowledge, "red light stop.Green light line" is procedural knowledge

a
Soft science is an emerging comprehensive science that comprehensively uses the theories and methods of natural sciences, social sciences, and mathematics and philosophy to solve various complex social problems brought about by the development of modern science and technology.It studies economics, science, technology, and management.The internal links between social links such as education and their development laws provide optimized solutions and decisions for their development.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not soft sciences: _____
A.Psychology
B.Management
C.Forecasting
D.Decision Science

d
The abduction method refers to not directly negating a wrong topic, but first assuming its truth, and then deriving the absurd result from it, and the absurdity of the reduced topic is derived from the absurdity of the result, thereby directly negating the argument method of the wrong topic.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not a fallacy
A.When there was a patient, the nurse in the hospital said, "Please arrange me in a third-class ward.I am poor." "Can no one help you?" No, I mean there is an older sister, she is a nun, and very "Poor." The nurse said angrily and said, "The nun is very rich because she is married to God." "Okay, you can arrange me in a first-class ward, and then send the bill to my brother-in-law."
B.A explains to B: "I play elegant pop music." B asks: "Is the popular music elegant?" A was surprised when he heard: ‘How can something not elegant be popular? "Yi said with a smile:" So, is the flu cold elegant? "
C.Someone is firmly opposed to killing.He advises people: "If you kill a pig while you are alive, you will become a pig in the next life; if you kill a cow in the world, you will become a cow in the next life." The audience said, "It's better to kill."
D.Once, a British female journalist read the work of Qian Zhongshu, a literary master, and admired Qian Zhongshu very much.She had to see him.On the phone, Qian Zhongshu said to the lady, "If you eat an egg, I think it tastes good enough, why bother to know the hen who laid the eggs? "

d
Compensation trade refers to a type of trade in which an importer purchases foreign technical equipment and certain raw materials, and agrees to use products or labor services to pay in instalments within a certain period of time.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are not _.
A.A motorcycle factory in a certain country introduced the technology of a Japanese company.The two parties agreed that the factory should pay 30% of the cost first, and then use the motorcycle manufactured in the factory to pay the remaining balance one year later.
B.Company A in one country purchases tomato sauce complete equipment and technical services from Company B in country S, and the two parties agree that Company A will repay the entire amount of domestic bamboo products in three years
C.A power plant in a country purchases 50,000 tons of coke from a coal company in another country, and the two parties agree to provide mining equipment to the second coal company in one or two years to repay the entire payment.
D.Company A of a country purchases consulting services from a foreign company.Due to the tight funds of Company A.three months after the end of the projects of both parties, Company A will pay the full amount of the consulting project.

c
A passion group is a temporary, high-rate workgroup that is often formed temporarily for a challenging job.
According to the above definition, Which of the following belong to the passion group is _.
A.A creative and design community initiated by a painter
B.Someone was hurt because of seeing the cause of justice.Several netizens initiated a fundraising event.
C.In order to complete the multi-brand strategic planning as soon as possible, an automobile company gathered several experts in the company to form a project team
D.Dozens of bicycle enthusiasts form a cycling team and meet to go from Shanghai to Suzhou on their own weekend

b
Symbiosis means that two creatures live together, depend on each other, and are mutually beneficial.分开 If they are separated from each other, either or both of them will not be able to survive.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are symbiotic:
A.Amphiprion likes to swim between the tentacles of the anemone, which is protected by the anemone and can also share the food spit by the anemone
B.Since the ants eat wood, the flagellates in their intestines can secrete cellulose hydrolase to help termites digest and break down the wood fibers.
C.Bunting birds nest around honeycombs to protect bees.Honey badgers like to eat honey and follow Ruowing birdlife.
D.Trichogramma lays eggs in the eggs of Ascaris lumbricoides

c
The bullwhip effect is a phenomenon of amplification of demand variation in the supply chain.It refers to the inability to effectively share information when the information flow is passed from the final client to the original supplier.Increasing volatility.
Which of the following are "bullwhip effects"
A.During the bird flu epidemic in various places, retailer A heard that vinegar can prevent the flu.He saw this as a good business opportunity and hoarded a large amount of bagged vinegar for future high-priced sales.
B.A new product is on the market and demand exceeds supply.Retailer A temporarily increases the order quantity to wholesaler B based on the sales of the product.B orders from the commodity sales center based on the order quantity submitted by different parts vendors.
C.Retailer A estimates an order quantity based on last month's sales volume, in order to ensure that the order quantity is available in time.After slightly increasing the order quantity, it is submitted to wholesaler B, and B orders from a commodity sales center for the same consideration
D.A commodity sales center has increased the market launch of the product according to market trends and annual sales monthly standards.More and more retailers have selected the product.

c
Environmentalists worry that the heavy use of plastic packaging will pollute the environment and try to get manufacturers to find ways to recycle plastic materials.However, despite their efforts, the recycling rate of plastic products is only 6.5%.The recycling rate of glass containers is 33%.
If the following ______ items are true, they will not help explain the relatively low recovery rate of plastic products.
A.Many factories can recycle glass, but only a few factories can use recycled plastic for production
B.Many plastic products are incompatible and cannot be recycled, and most glass products are compatible
C.New plastics require more oil, and new glass can use renewable resources
D.The quality of products made from recycled plastic is poor, while recycled glass does not have such problems

d
With the popularity of mobile devices, mobile phones and tablet computers (PAD) have gradually penetrated into people's lives.Many people have also changed from being inseparable from TVs to being inseparable from mobile phones and PADs.Some people believe that more use of computers It will reduce the time people have a TV.After all, time is limited, but surveys show that the increase in "time spent on computers" has not reduced the time spent watching TV.
In order to verify the accuracy of the above findings, which of the following is the most important consideration.
A.Whether people spend less time watching TV among people who do n’t use or rarely use computers
B.Except for this part of the population who participated in the survey, are many other people saying that they often watch TV
C.Among those who participated in the survey, did the type of TV programs they watch change with the use of computer time
D.The so-called "computer-use time" of the respondent includes the time of using the computer at work

a
The average life expectancy of a population is an important indicator of the health level of a country and region.The sixth national census showed that the average life expectancy of China's population in 2010 reached 74.83 years, while the average life expectancy of our population in the early days of the founding of our country was only about 35 years.The elderly people thought more than 60 years ago now seem to be just middle-aged people.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken this view.
A.Since the founding of the People's Republic of China, the decline in the number of newborn babies has been the most important cause of the increase in the average life expectancy of the population.
B.In the early days of the founding of the People's Republic, the country was moving from war to peace, the situation in the country was still unstable, and the population was much lower than it is now.
C.In the early days of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the living environment was harder and people's nutritional levels were much worse than now.
D.With the development of medicine, the level of medical care has greatly improved compared with the early days of the founding of the People's Republic of China.

b
A neurologist said to the patient: "The synthetic drug S that appears on the market has a good effect on insomnia, but because the long-term side effects of S are unclear, I do not recommend the use of this drug." Some patients countered: " You have different words and deeds, and you have prescribed many medicines with side effects, so the real reason you refuse to use S medicine is not the side effects of the medicine."
The patient's perspective is flawed because ___________.
A.After using it for a while, the side effects of S medicine will naturally appear
B.Known risks can be reduced by specific methods, while unknown risks cannot
C.Doctors may not believe in the efficacy of S medicine instead of worrying about its side effects
D.Side effects and coping strategies of synthetic and natural medicines are different

c
Small animals suitable for experimentation must reproduce quickly and their genes should be as similar to humans as possible; some small animals reproduce fast but have few genes similar to humans; therefore, some fast-growing small animals are not suitable for experiments.
Which of the following logical structures is most similar to the problem.
A.According to relevant regulations, in order to obtain the National Poor Student Scholarship, applicants must have a poor family and excellent grades; some of the recipients of this scholarship are very poor, but their grades are not excellent; obviously, the rules for assessing the National Poor Student Scholarship have not been obtained.Strict enforcement
B.To get a good box office for a movie, it must have both visibility and a successful market release; some movies with good box office are actually not highly visible; therefore, the main reason why some movies are good at the box office is Successful market launch
C.To take the course "Philosophy of Cognitive Science", you must have completed "Knowledge of Knowledge" and be interested in cognitive science; although some students are interested in cognitive science, they have not taken "knowledge" Thesis; therefore, some students who are interested in cognitive science cannot take the course Philosophy of Cognitive Science.
D.Generally, computers that are not used for weekly system maintenance must be taken to a specialist store for repair after one year of use; some computers do not need to be taken to a specialist store for repair after a long period of use; therefore, some Computers undergo system maintenance every week

a
If an official of the government environmental protection department is to speak at this private environmental protection seminar, he must be a member of a private environmental protection organization.However, the meeting stipulates that as a member of a private environmental protection organization, it is not allowed to be both a government environmental protection official and Speak at this civil environmental seminar.
If the above determination is true, Which of the following ____ items are also true
A.Among the speakers at this seminar, there are no government environmental protection officials
B.Only members of civil environmental organizations can speak at this seminar
C.No one except the government's environmental protection officials spoke at this seminar
D.Among the speakers at this seminar, there are no members of civil environmental groups

d
If colleges and universities can hire a large number of graduates from first-class universities overseas, it will undoubtedly help to improve the quality of teaching and scientific research.Therefore, the employment of graduates who have obtained doctoral degrees from domestic universities will not help improve the quality of teaching and research.
Which of the following ____ items, if true, will constitute the most powerful questioning of the above views.
A.Higher education institutions cannot fully recruit graduates who have obtained PhD degrees from top overseas universities
B.In many colleges and universities, a considerable number of teachers have graduated from domestic colleges and have no experience of studying abroad.
C.Graduates who have obtained a PhD from top overseas universities are more willing to stay overseas for employment, even after returning to China, they tend to work in foreign companies
D.Graduates hired by higher education institutions to obtain doctoral degrees from top overseas universities are usually jointly trained by domestic universities and overseas universities, and they also have doctoral certificates issued by domestic universities.

c
After using various conventional advertising and promotion methods, the online sales revenue of an e-commerce company has not improved as expected.For this reason, management has heavily hired professionals to conduct market analysis.The analysis report proposed that mobile payment ( It usually refers to those who use smartphones to pay for goods or services they consume).This is the real potential customer group of e-commerce.So the management decided to cooperate with a large commercial bank to open the new mobile payment function.Publicity and promotion were carried out in China, but after one month, the effect was not satisfactory, and online sales revenue did not increase significantly.
If the following _____ items are true, the above results can best be explained
A.As the security of transactions is questioned, the number of people who have recently opened mobile payment features has decreased
B.Dry mobile payment is an emerging business, and consumers are more cautious about it
C.Generally speaking, it takes a period of time for people who have newly opened mobile payment functions to make such online shopping.
D.Online shopping is more popular among white-collar workers, but they prefer e-commerce to provide some unique services

b
Declarative knowledge is knowledge about "what the world is".It can be directly stated.The required psychological process is mainly memory.Procedural knowledge is knowledge about "how to do".It cannot be stated directly.It can only be inferred by some form of homework.It exists.
Based on the above definition, is the following classification correct?
A."Bicycle repair" is declarative knowledge."Music appreciation" requires procedural knowledge.
B."The capital of the United States is Washington" is declarative knowledge, "addition and subtraction" requires procedural knowledge
C."Water boils at 100 ° C" is declarative knowledge, and "the molecular formula of water is H2O" is procedural knowledge
D."riding archery" is declarative knowledge, "red light stop, green light line" is procedural knowledge

d
Holiday syndrome refers to symptoms such as tiredness, insomnia, etc.that appear after long holidays or holidays, so that anxiety, emptiness or anger easily make it difficult to concentrate on work.This is the result of people's physical and mental unbearably after long-term leisure Feeling unwell.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is holiday syndromes?
A.After returning from India, Li experienced new values in life and immediately quit her job
B.Xiao Wang had a bad stomach during the holiday, but he didn't want to have lunch after work
C.Xiao Zhang went climbing Huangshan on National Day.After work, he always felt backache and leg pain.
D.Xiao Zhao enjoys the Spring Festival and is always absent after work

a
Information transfer refers to the entire process of obtaining information from the source of the information, through a certain material carrier, in a certain way, through a certain channel, and finally for the information receiver.
According to the above definitions, what are not the following information transfers?
A.The writer recorded the beautiful scenes in the dream through language
B.The beautiful singing voice of the 1930s has passed through the record so far
C.When the ancient war was urgent, people passed important military information through the beacon
D.Deaf people communicate with others through gestures

c
The ancestral return phenomenon refers to a less normal biological "degeneration" phenomenon.Existing organisms occasionally appear to inherit some of the traits of their ancestors.Therefore, the ancestral return phenomenon can also be used as evidence of biological evolution.research value.
which is not a return to the ancestral phenomenon?
A.Some newborns will have short tails or whole body hair
B.Domestic ducks sometimes have a duck that can fly short distances
C.Bengal tiger occasionally produces a breed of white with pure white hair, which is called white tiger
D.Double-winged insect hind wings have degenerated into balance bars, but occasionally individuals with two pairs of wings appear

d
Archaeologists recently carried out archaeological excavations of the ancient city of S on an island, and they found some wreckage and typical ancient building ruins destroyed by the earthquake.Therefore, archaeologists speculated that in 300 AD, a strong earthquake that destroyed the building at the time.
Which of the following views, if correct, can best support archaeologists' guesses.
A.The most modern history of the ancient city of S records the earthquake of 300 AD
B.In the ancient city of S, some island-like portraits made between 260 and 350 AD were found
C.Drinking containers found in graves built around 300 AD also appeared in graves near the ancient city of S
D.In the ancient city of S, archaeologists did not find copper coins after 300 AD, but found a large number of copper coins minted before 300 AD

b
A supermarket employee put various brands of shampoo on the shelf.It is known that there are five brands of shampoo, E, F, G, H, I, etc., arranged on the shelf from left to right.Shelf requirements: ① F is close to the left of H, ②I is adjacent to E, ③G is to the left of F.
If I is to the left of G, Which of the following ____ items must be true.
A.E is immediate to the left of G
B.G is to the left of F
C.I is immediate to the left of G
D.E is immediate to the left of F

b
In recent years, the number of players participating in F1 racing has grown much faster than the number of F1 events.In addition, the application of 3D simulation competition systems has become more and more popular.The average number of F1 racing players who actually participated in the field F1 races in the past 5 years.It has dropped by 20%, and if this trend continues, the level of F1 racers will definitely drop significantly.
The above argument is based on the following hypotheses?
A.Many F1 racers now spend most of their time on the 3D simulation race system in order to stay in shape and be able to compete in the arena.
B.F1 racers can only maintain or improve their level if they are guaranteed to participate in a certain number of venues each year
C.All racers, including F1 racers, usually have a much lower difficulty and intensity than previous years.
D.The field level of each F1 racer has declined in recent years

c
Merchants in the scenic area: The turnover in these months has decreased significantly, mainly due to the sharp increase in the price of scenic tickets.Scenic Spot Management Department: The decrease in the business's turnover has nothing to do with the price increase of scenic tickets.The main reason for the decrease is that they have not adopted a small profit but high sales marketing strategy.
If the following items are true, they can weaken the interpretation of the scenic area management department.
A.The ticket price of this scenic spot is not high compared to other scenic spots
B.The scenic area management department has done some work in guiding merchants to make small profits but sells more, but not enough efforts
C.Excessive scenic area ticket prices have drastically reduced the number of tourists
D.The decrease in business turnover is common in other scenic spots

a
Wireless charging, also known as non-contact inductive charging, uses the principle of magnetic field resonance to transfer energy from the power supply device (charger) to the device that uses electricity.The two are not connected by wires.
So chargers and devices that use electricity?
A.Compared with wireless charging, the wired charging energy conversion is obtained in one time, the power loss is small, and energy-saving and environmental protection
B.Using wirelessly charged devices can significantly reduce device wear
C.High requirements for wireless charging technology and high price are the main reasons why it cannot be popular at this stage
D.The longer the wireless transmission distance, the greater the loss of useless power

d
A factory has multiple dormitory areas and workshops, and the employees who live in the A dormitory area are not textile workers.Therefore, some employees who work in the A workshop do not live in the A dormitory area.
In order for this reasoning to be true, which of the following must be added as a prerequisite?
A.Some weavers do not work in workshop A
B.Some employees working in workshop A are not textile workers
C.Some employees living in the A dormitory area work in the A workshop
D.Some weavers work in workshop A

a
It is important to cultivate the aesthetic taste of design students, so schools should offer Chinese and Western art history courses for design students.
If the following options are true, what will most weaken the conclusion?
A.There is no significant difference in aesthetic taste between students who have taken Chinese and Western art history courses and those who have not taken them.
B.Whether there is aesthetic interest has little to do with whether students can design excellent works
C.The degree of student's hard work in the course is proportional to the exquisiteness of the designed work
D.Not all students who have taken Chinese and Western art history courses can become outstanding designers

d
In the past five years, there have been 4 derailment accidents of the xx high-speed train.In response to public questions about the design flaws of the xx high-speed train, the train manufacturer of the model has rebutted: the investigation showed that each derailment accident was due to driving Caused by a violation of operating procedures
Which of the following assumptions is the train manufacturer's refutation based on?
A.When questioning the design flaws of the xx high-speed train, the public did not clearly indicate what kind of flaws existed
B.Derailment accidents of high-speed trains in the past five years have not been caused by driver violation of operating procedures
C.Investigators have the ability to find out whether the derailment accident was due to a flaw in train design or a problem in train manufacturing
D.xx high-speed trains do not have any design defects that can cause drivers to violate operating regulations

b
In the past ten years, the number of doctorates awarded by our country has continued to rise, so we can consider that the number of graduate students in our country has been increasing in the past ten years.
Of the following items, which best supports the above conclusions?
A.The difficulty of obtaining a Ph.D.has not changed in the past ten years
B.In the past ten years, the proportion of the number of doctoral students in our country has remained unchanged
C.The number of applicants for Ph.D.this year is about twice that of ten years ago
D.This year, China ’s doctoral students account for only about 20% of graduate students

b
It is estimated that there may be millions of tons of plastic floating in the ocean, but a new study found that 99% of these plastics have disappeared, and researchers believe that most of the disappearing plastic may have been eaten by marine life, And then enter the marine food chain.
Which of the following best evaluates the correctness of the above conclusions?
A.Is there any other trash in the ocean besides plastic?
B.Will the plastic floating in the ocean disappear in other forms besides being eaten by marine life?
C.Can we say that the plastic that entered the marine food chain is "disappearing"?
D.The seas where the disappeared plastic is most likely concentrated

a
A country's demographic agency predicts that by 2031, the country's population will fall below 127 million and the population will decrease by 24 million in the next 40 years.To this end, the government has issued a series of policies to encourage fertility.The total population has stabilized.As of June 1, 2014, the population was 146.1 million.From January to May 2014, the population increased by 59,100, with a growth rate of 0.04%.Therefore, some experts believe that the country encourages fertility The policy achieved the desired effect.
If the following options are true, what will strengthen the above point?
A.If the government does not have the policy to encourage fertility, the total child population will continue to decline
B.The quality of the population could be improved if the government introduced a more effective fertility policy
C.The country's total population has been rising slowly in recent years
D.The fertility policy introduced by the government is a long-term national policy

c
The column settings of a literary journal website are usually adjusted at any time according to reader feedback and page views.In September last year, a number of new columns appeared on the revised website.Among them, 5 columns are serials of comedy and humor, and 3 columns It is a long-form science fiction serial, and the two columns are literary criticism.As of January this year, only seven of these newly launched columns are still being updated, and five of them are serials of comedy and humor.
If the above statement is true, which of the following can be derived from the stem?
A.There is only one column for literary criticism.
B.There is only one column for a long-form science fiction novel.
C.At least one feature-length science-fiction column has been offline
D.Compared to literary criticism, readers prefer serials in comedy and humor

b
In the school library, only by showing the certificate issued by the department can you enter the special collection library.If you do not participate in the research group of the professor, the department will not issue a certificate.Xiao Zhang was recently absorbed by Professor Li into his own because of his outstanding performance Xiao Wang quit Professor Chen's group last week for personal reasons.
If the above assertion is true, which of the following must be true?
A.Xiao Zhang can now access the special collection library
B.Xiao Wang cannot access the special collection library now
C.As long as you enter the professor's research group, you can access the special collection library
D.Did not obtain a certificate issued by the faculty, indicating that the group of professors did not participate

a
After full testing and investigation, experts from the CDC determined the following facts: (1) If both Zhang and Zhang were infected with the new H7N9 avian influenza virus, Li was not infected.Virus, and Wang's statement is correct; (3) Only if Wang's statement is incorrect, Zhang was not infected with the new H7N9 avian influenza virus
Can it be deduced from the above facts?
A.Jiang was not infected with the new H7N9 avian influenza virus, Zhang was infected
B.Jiang and Li are both infected with the new H7N9 avian influenza virus
C.Li and Wang are both infected with the new H7N9 bird flu virus
D.Jiang was infected with the new H7N9 bird flu virus, Zhang was not infected

b
A university holds an international conference.In one of the round tables, five experts in related fields from multiple countries participated.In order to enable them to communicate smoothly, the organizing committee understands in advance the following: Speak French; B is Chinese and English; C is English and French; D is French and Japanese; E is Chinese and German.
So what should the organizing committee arrange for seats?
A.Meprofen
B.Metoprene
C.Propylene
D.Mebuprene

c
An economics college has introduced 30 kinds of teaching materials from abroad, of which 12 are financial teaching materials, 10 are non-financial English teaching materials, 7 are non-financial teaching materials imported from the United States, and 9 are non-English teaching materials imported from countries outside the United States.
From the above, it can be inferred?
A.Imported from the United States, no more than 8 kinds of non-English financial textbooks
B.There are at least 8 types of non-English finance textbooks imported from the United States
C.No more than 8 non-English financial textbooks introduced from countries outside the United States
D.There are at least 8 types of non-English financial textbooks imported from countries outside the United States

b
A unit recruited 30 new employees this year.① Some of the newly recruited employees are from outside the country; ② Of the newly recruited employees, the highest academic qualifications are not foreigners; ③ Some of the newly recruited employees are not foreign
If only one of the above three judgments is true, then the following items correctly represent the number of foreign workers among the newly recruited employees in the unit.
A.Only 1 person is a foreigner
B.30 employees are foreigners
C.30 employees are not foreigners
D.Only 1 person is not a foreigner

c
Due to problems in fertilizers, pesticide application, and management technology in recent years, the production of shallots in the main producing areas of shallots in northern China has declined significantly and domestic prices have risen rapidly.To maintain domestic price stability, we must strictly limit the export of shallots.The export contracts of the export trading companies are all signed at low prices.If they continue to perform the contract when the price of green onions rises sharply, these companies will suffer serious losses.However, if the export of green onions is strictly restricted, China will The share will be replaced by other countries or regions.
If the above statement is true, Which of the following items must be true.
A.If there are no problems with fertilizers, pesticide application, and management technology, we will not strictly restrict the export of shallots
B.If the export of shallots is strictly restricted, domestic shallot prices will not continue to rise
C.If we want to maintain the stability of domestic shallot prices, we will lose our share of the international shallot market
D.In order to avoid losses, companies engaged in the export of shallots will certainly actively lobby the government to formulate policies that strictly restrict the export of shallots

c
In a certain year, the number of tourists in five cities including Jicheng, Yucheng, Xucheng, Wucheng, and Qingcheng was more than in previous years.These cities have different geographical environments and tourism resources: steep mountains, dense forests, flat Grassland, vast sea, and quiet river valley.The number of tourists (persons / year) to the five cities mentioned above were: 120,000, 270,000, 320,000, 440,000, and 650,000.Known: (1) Cities in the grassland are the least attractive to tourists.The most popular tourist destination is the forest.(2) Xu Cheng is in the mountains and the transportation is not convenient, but there are many people who come here.(3) The ratio of tourists to Jicheng Gaocheng (4) Gaocheng has 440,000 tourists, a record high (5) Yucheng has more tourists than Qingcheng, but not as much as Xucheng
According to the above conditions, the characteristic tourism resources that can be launched in Qingcheng are--
A.Secluded river valley
B.Dense forest
C.Flat grassland
D.The vast sea

c
Xiao Chen was refused by the library staff to enter the ancient books library because he did not have the status of a graduate student.Xiao Chen presented the ancient books good book library pass and said: According to regulations, I can enter the ancient books library.The rules of the ancient books library are: not graduate students cannot enter the ancient books library: Only if you have a pass to the ancient books, you can enter the ancient books.
Xiao Chen is most likely to understand the provisions of the ancient books library as--
A.People who are allowed to enter the ancient books library may not be allowed to enter the ancient books library
B.With the Passbook of Ancient Books
C.You can enter the ancient books library if you have a pass for the ancient books
D.You cannot enter the ancient books library unless you have a pass to the ancient books library

b
Leading cadres cannot achieve strict self-discipline if they do not have bottom-line thinking.Only by not forgetting their original intentions can they always maintain their bottom-line thinking.Only by always sticking to their ideals and convictions can they not forget their original intentions.
Based on the above information, Which of the following items can be derived.
A.If leading cadres fail to achieve strict self-discipline, they will lose their bottom line thinking
B.Leading cadres can only achieve strict self-discipline if they do not forget their original intentions
C.Leading cadres can achieve strict self-discipline as long as they always adhere to their ideals and beliefs
D.Leading cadres can achieve strict self-discipline as long as they do not forget their original intentions

c
The main purpose of professional education is to help college students grasp the basic knowledge of their professional fields as comprehensively as possible, while the purpose of general education is to help college students to acquire the meaning and value of life.Therefore, some experts pointed out that, compared with professional education, Knowledge education has a greater impact on an individual's future life.
If the following is true, the expert's assertion is best supported.
A.The issue of value is about human happiness and dignity, and it is worth exploring and thinking in general education
B.Today there are far more professional education courses offered in Chinese universities than general education courses.
C.A person may survive without professional knowledge; if there is no pursuit of value, it will only be a shell without a soul
D.Without professional knowledge, it is difficult for people to cope with the challenges of a future life; incorrect value pursuit will mislead people's lives

b
University graduates who have not obtained a teacher qualification certificate cannot be hired as teachers by a school in an area.All students in the history department of a normal university in the area must obtain a teacher qualification certificate before graduation.Therefore, any graduate of the history department of the university Students can be hired as teachers in the area.
If the following is true, the above argument can be made.
A.Everyone who has obtained the teacher qualification certificate has the same teaching level
B.Obtaining a teacher qualification certificate is the only condition for college graduates to be accepted as teachers in the area
C.All students who have obtained teacher qualifications in the history department of the normal university in the region will graduate
D.The only way to know if you are qualified as a teacher is to take the teacher qualification exam

c
For a long time, scientists have been searching for the answer to a question: what exactly gave the earth enough oxygen to allow it to breed animals and humans.The occurrence of oxygen in the earth's atmosphere occurred 2.4 billion years ago.About 4.7 Million years ago, moss-like ground cover plants spread rapidly on the earth.It was not until 400 million years ago that the oxygen content of the earth's atmosphere reached today's level.Therefore, some scientists believe that the increase in the earth's oxygen originated from moss-like ground cover plants.
Which of the following items, if true, best support the views of the scientists mentioned above.
A.The earliest terrestrial plants appearing on Earth are unexpectedly prolific, they have greatly increased the oxygen content in the earth's atmosphere
B.It can be estimated through computer simulation: about 445 million years ago, the oxygen produced by lichens and moss on the earth accounted for 30% of the total oxygen
C.The spread of moss-covered plants has increased the organic carbon content of sedimentary rocks, which has led to an increase in the oxygen content of the air.
D.Increased oxygen content makes it possible to evolve large, mobile, and intelligent creatures, including humans, on Earth

b
The reason why Jiang Hai can be the king of the hundred valleys is because of his goodness, so he can be the king of a hundred valleys.If a saint wants to go to the people, he will say it; if he wants to be the first person, he will be behind him.
Which of the following items are most similar to the above argument.
A.If the name is not correct, then the words are not correct; if the words are not correct, then the ritual and music are not happy; if the ritual and music are not happy, the penalty is not met; if the penalty is not met, the people are at a loss.The name must be spoken, and the word must be feasible.
B.The spring breeze is dying, Xiao Aimeng Qiwen; the autumn frost falls late, Zhi Zhi is cooled by it.It is based on prestige and homogeneity and by virtue of Puji.
C.The wooden rope is straight, the gold is sharp, but the gentleman is erudite and the Japanese participate in the province, but he knows what he does.
D.False horses are not good enough but cause thousands of miles; fake boat runners, non-powerful water, and absolute rivers.Gentlemen are not different, but good and fake are also good.

a
There are more subscribers of cable TV paid channels in city X than city Y, so citizens of city X know more about international affairs than citizens of city Y.
If the following items are true, all but the items will weaken the above argument.
The monthly fee for A.X cable TV paid channels is lower than similar channels in Y city
B.The survey shows that the average citizen of X city spends less time watching TV than the citizen of Y city
C.X city cable TV paid channels are all entertainment programs
D.Most people in city Y work in city X and usually return to city Y only on weekends

a
In the whole of last year, the number of traffic accidents caused by driver drunk driving in a certain area was twice the number of traffic accidents caused by driver fatigue driving.Therefore, the publicity work on prohibiting fatigue driving is more effective than the publicity prohibition on alcohol driving.it is good.
The answers to the following questions best evaluate the above conclusions.
A.Is the number of traffic accidents directly related to publicity work on traffic safety?
B.Will the number of traffic accidents due to fatigue driving increase in the next year?
C.Do all tired drivers experience traffic accidents?
D.If the promotion of drunk driving is strengthened, to what extent can the number of traffic accidents caused by drunk driving be reduced?

d
The realization of great dreams has never been smooth and peaceful, and it is bound to be difficult to forge ahead in tackling challenges and defusing risks.Only by increasing awareness of sorrows and realizing that there are no fewer problems after development than when there is no development.The reform of the deep-water area is not easier than the creation of the early stage of the reform.Only when we encounter a series of complex contradictions and problems, we can calmly cope with it and ensure that the great dream is smoothly realized.
If the above assertion is true, then the following _______ items must also be true.
A.As long as you meet the challenges, you can ensure that your great dreams come true
B.After development, there are many more problems than when there is no development.
C.Only in calm seas is it necessary to raise awareness
D.If you do not increase your awareness of sorrow, you will not be able to cope calmly when you encounter a series of complex contradictions and problems

c
All venous blood samples were tested and no positive HIV antibodies were found.
If the above determination is false, then the following _______ items must be true.
A.To detect positive HIV antibodies, all venous blood samples must be tested
B.Testing of all venous blood samples may not detect positive HIV antibodies
C.Some venous blood samples have not been tested or positive HIV antibodies have been found
D.Some venous blood samples have not been tested, but positive HIV antibodies have been found

a
In today's society, two-dimensional code payment methods have been widely used in offline small payment scenarios such as food and beverage stores, supermarkets, and convenience stores.However, there are still hidden risks in the bar code generation mechanism and transmission process, which has also caused many related issues.Pay for security risk cases.
Which of the following _______ items can explain the conclusions in the stem.
A.Static barcodes can be easily tampered with or altered, and can easily carry Trojan horses or viruses
B.Offline code scanning payment brings convenient consumer experience to users
C.Merchants use offline code scanning to pay for themselves to improve their operating income
D.After the advanced token technology is used for mutation processing, the real card number information can be protected

d
Jupiter is a gas giant planet and the largest planet in the solar system.Its mass is 2.5 times the mass of the other seven major planets in the solar system.Observation found that more than 70 satellites surrounding Jupiter are mostly composed of water ice.Therefore, Jupiter's atmosphere Should contain a fair amount of water.
If the following _______ items are true, they can best support the above discussion.
A.After hundreds of millions of years, satellites may slowly fall to the planet
B.Water in interstellar space, mostly in gaseous form
C.Uranus is also a gas giant, and it has been confirmed that it contains a large amount of water ice
D.The satellite and the planet it orbited were formed from the same gas and dust at the same time

c
Researchers studied DNA from 1.1 million people and came up with a scoring system that can be used to roughly predict someone's education level by testing someone's DNA.They found that those with the lowest genetic score were only 10% Of people who have a genetic score in the top one-fifth have a 50% chance of graduating from college.This is the largest study of human cognitive genetics ever.Some people have followed this I think there is a great connection between human genes and academic qualifications.
Which of the following _______ items are most likely to question these people's views.
A.Among the 1.1 million researchers, a sample shows that less than 30% of them have graduated from college
B.Over 50% of the researchers who graduated from the university had one of their parents who graduated from university
C.More than 60% of the 1.1 million people studied were graduated from college
D.Those with the most gene scores also have a 40% chance of graduating from college

a
Increasing antibiotic resistance has made it possible for people to die in the future from diseases that are easily cured today.Studies have suggested that ants could be a source of new antibiotics.
The establishment of the above conclusion requires the following _______ items as prerequisites.
A.Pathogens that attack ants do not develop resistance to antibiotics produced by ants
B.Ants use chemicals secreted by special glands on their bodies to protect themselves against germs
C.Chemicals produced by different ants have different bactericidal efficacy
D.Some fungi can release chemical components to hijack ants' nerve center and kill ants

b
The factory conducted a survey of the educational background of skilled workers and found that the educational level of technical workers who have newly entered the factory has increased significantly in the past five years.Therefore, the overall quality of technical workers in the factory has been greatly improved.
If the above is true, Which of the following _______ cannot support the conclusion.
A.Newly-skilled workers in the factory over the past five years are still working at the factory
B.Less qualified products are produced by highly qualified skilled workers
C.The higher the qualifications, the higher the quality
D.Highly educated people will drive other colleagues to improve their quality

b
Einstein's greatest contribution to humanity is the proposal of relativity, which is a powerful tool for humans to study the universe.Einstein calculated the mass of the universe through relativity and found that the total mass of the universe turned out to be zero.Einstein believed that the matter produced by the universe after the Big Bang has two forms of positive and negative, antimatter and positive matter are completely opposite, and the positive and antimatter are of equal mass.But scientists only found a small amount of antimatter in the universe, where did most of the antimatter go? If they do not exist in the universe, Einstein's calculations of relativity will not find that the total mass of the universe is zero, but the mass of the universe is zero, which indicates that antimatter should still exist in the universe.
Which of the following _______ items are the premise assumed by the above discussion.
A.There is only one universe
B.Einstein's calculation through relativity is correct
C.Humans cannot conduct interstellar exploration if they cannot use the tremendous energy of antimatter
D.Scientists have discovered antimatter in the laboratory and can now also make some antimatter in the laboratory

d
For a long time, the role of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has been positive and negative: the increase in its concentration can promote the accumulation of photosynthetic products in terrestrial ecosystems, increase soil carbon storage, and form soil carbon sequestration effects.This is a positive effect.It will also increase greenhouse gas emissions such as methane and nitrous oxide from terrestrial ecosystems, and exacerbate the greenhouse effect, which is a negative effect.Therefore, carbon dioxide still has the most negative effects on the atmosphere.
Which of the following _______ items can explain the conclusions in the stem.
A.Soil carbon sequestration effect of carbon dioxide formation is more important than the greenhouse effect
B.Carbon dioxide is an essential raw material for plant photosynthesis, and its content is good for plants
C.Whether the increase in carbon dioxide concentration is good or bad depends on how humans use it
D.According to observations, the greenhouse effect of carbon dioxide offsets and exceeds the carbon sequestration effect

c
Xiao Wang and Xiao Li are now second-year students in the Department of Economics.When assessing scholarships based on the total grades of the first-year courses, they are known to have the same grades in economic principles, while English, advanced mathematics and other six courses The results were mixed, and Xiao Wang eventually received a scholarship.
If the following ______ items are true, you can judge that Xiao Wang's total score is higher than Xiao Li's.
A.Xiao Wang's highest score is higher than Xiao Li's highest score
B.Xiao Wang's lowest score is Advanced Mathematics, while Xiao Li's lowest score is English
C.Xiao Wang's lowest score is higher than Xiao Li's average score
D.Xiao Wang ’s lowest score is much higher than Xiao Li ’s lowest score

b
Researchers tracked 500 children in a country and found that the fastest-growing period of the human brain was within three months after birth, and the brain could reach more than half the size of an adult.
The answers to the following ______ items best evaluate the correctness of the above conclusions.
A.Do any of the 500 children's brains grow rapidly after three months of birth?
B.Are there follow-up studies of children in other countries
C.Are children's brain functions the same as adults?
D.Are boys 'and girls' brains growing at the same rate?

d
Many probes have been launched to Mars in order to find out if there is life on Mars.The surface of Mars was found to be acidic soil with a lot of sulfates in the detection area, which indicates the existence of volcanic activity on Mars.In addition, the detection data show that Mars soil samples also show Signs of perchlorate.Perchlorate is a compound that can serve as an energy source for Martian microorganisms.At the same time, a strange sign on the surface of Mars, reduced iron, was found to indicate that life had existed on the surface of Mars.
If the following ______ items are true, they can best question the above discussion.
A.On Earth, reduced iron is generally formed by microorganisms
B.Sulfur erupted from a volcanic eruption.Sulfur dioxide was burned to generate sulfur dioxide.Sulfur dioxide met water to form sulfurous acid, which was oxidized to sulfuric acid, and sulfuric acid reacted with metals to form sulfates.
C.Discovery found no liquid water on Mars' surface
D.The chemical reaction between the iron on the planet and the organic carbon carried by the comet that hits it can produce reduced iron

a
There should be a "degree" in everything, just like cooking, the fire is small and unfamiliar; the fire is too high and it will burn; only the right thing can eat delicious food.But this "degree" is not eclectic, different The "degree" of things is also different.
This means that:?
A.Only by specifically grasping the "degree" of things can things be done well
B.The result of compromise is definitely not the "degree" we are looking for
C.The "degree" of things is unknown, and it is impossible to measure
D.Eclecticism also makes sense

b
The amount of money wasted on gadgets and gadgets that people almost never use is amazing.For example, my brother bought an electronic ice cream maker for 100 yuan two years ago, and he has only used it three times today.He insisted that no matter how many times he used the ice cream maker, the investment was a good deal
because:?
A.Ice cream prices will rise in the future
B.He bought this ice cream maker for convenience when it is needed
C.Because of the low frequency of use, he saved a lot of electricity
D.Due to inflation, today's 100 yuan is not as much as it was two years ago.

a
One of the basic principles of democracy is the principle of majority, that is, the minority obeys the majority, and it is right to think that the majority agrees.But sometimes, truth is in the hands of the minority, because at the early stage of things, only the Dialling can be a few people.
therefore:?
A.We should stand by the truth and not blindly follow the decisions of the majority
B.Democracy is bad, it cannot make the right decisions
C.The opinions of the minority shall prevail
D.Even if it is wrong, the opinion of the majority should be maintained, because the power of the majority is infinitely powerful

a
A store was stolen, and the clues held by the police are as follows: ① At most one of A.B, and C is a criminal ② If A is a criminal, B must be an accomplice ③ C was eating at home when the theft occurred.
From this we can infer:()
A.A and C are not criminals
B.A is a criminal
C.B is a criminal
D.C is a criminal

c
A real smart counterfeiter's banknotes will never be found, so once his work is recognized as counterfeit, the counterfeiter is not a smart counterfeiter, and the real counterfeiter will never be caught.
Which of the following inferences is similar to this passage?
A.Xiao Zhang is an expert in magic.His magic can always hide people's eyes and never be exposed, so he is a smart magician.
B.Xiao Zhang is a man who plays magic.His magic is generally not revealed.Occasionally he is exposed once or twice, but this does not prevent him from being an excellent magician.
C.Xiao Zhang is a man who plays magic.His magic is generally not seen through, and occasionally he is seen through once or twice, indicating that he is not a smart magician, because a smart magician is not seen through.
D.Xiao Zhang's magic is good and will never be exposed, so he is an excellent magician.

d
A is a computer programming expert and B is a mathematician.In fact, all programming experts are mathematicians.We know that most comprehensive universities in China today are training computer programming experts.
From this we can think:?
A.A is cultivated by a comprehensive university.
B.Most computer programming experts are trained by comprehensive universities.
C.B did not graduate from a comprehensive university.
D.Some mathematicians are computer programming experts.

d
① Xiao Zhang is one of the senior employees of PepsiCo in China.② Then it is possible that Xiao Zhang only drinks Coca-Cola.
In the dialogue, a premise implicit in the statement of ② is: ()
A.PepsiCo is a subsidiary of Coca-Cola
B.Zhang is an unimportant employee of The Coca-Cola Company
C.Coke tastes very similar
D.In general, all senior staff only drink our products

d
For a long time, China ’s political propaganda has always given people the impression that revolutionary is good, conservative is not good.In fact, revolution and conservative only represent two different views of people on social reality.Revolutionaries think that reality is not.Reasonable, it needs to be broken and regrouped; conservatives believe that reality is reasonable and try to maintain this order.
Can be seen from the above paragraph:?
A.Revolutionary must be good
B.Being conservative must be bad
C.Conservatives generally represent the interests of the majority of the people and are therefore welcomed and supported by those in power
D.Which of the two viewpoints, revolution and conservative, is better?

c
When a young American diplomat visited China, he asked him an embarrassing question: how could the Orientals be so puzzling.The Chinese official smiled, and then gently answered him: regarding the lack of observation of Westerners In terms of their nation, it is puzzling.
Which of the following options best reflects the point explained by Chinese officials: ()
A.Not only Chinese, but all Orientals are also puzzling
B.Most Americans cannot understand Chinese culture
C.What people don't observe may be due to the shallowness of the observation, rather than the obscurity of the thing itself
D.Since the United States and China resumed diplomatic relations, many Chinese have gradually distrusted Americans

b
There is serious racial discrimination in the United States.White people are in the upper ranks and look down on people of color.Black people are discriminated against in terms of education, job hunting, etc., and they continue to hold demonstrations and fight for equal social status.
From the above:?
A.The United States is a heavily hierarchical country
B.Serious human rights issues in the United States
C.Blacks are a violent group
D.The status of the black race in the world is more despicable

b
It is a rule that production relations must adapt to the development of productive forces.When the productive forces develop and exceed the production relations, the production relations need to be adjusted to suit the productive forces.
So in the process of social development?
A.Society runs spontaneously
B.Reform of production relations is necessary and inevitable
C.Production relations adapt to productivity at all times
D.Production relations always lag behind the development of productivity

d
Xiao Wang went to the store to buy a shirt, and the salesman asked her which color she wanted.Xiao Wang said humorously, "I don't hate red as much as yellow, I don't hate blue as much as white, I don't like pink as much.Red, I don't like blue as much as yellow ".
What color will Li choose in the end?
A.Yellow
B.Blue
C.Red
D.Pink

b
Time is directional, and problems flow from the past to the future.This is the arrow of time.In the process of biological evolution, the past and future of time are asymmetric, which is an irreversible process.But the time arrow and entropy of biological evolution Increase are different.Entropy increase means degradation, that is, the decomposition and decline of old things; while evolution is the industry and development of new things, its time arrow points to the decrease of entropy.
therefore()
A.There is only one direction for the evolution of living things
B.The evolution of organisms can be divided into two categories: degradation and evolution
C.Biological evolution took a short time in the past and a long time in the future
D.Changes in entropy are non-directional

a
The fundamental reason for the development of things is not outside the things but inside things, it is the contradictions inside things.Anything has contradictions inside.
therefore?
A.Everything is in constant movement and development
B.Some things can be at rest
C.Things in motion and development are moving at the same speed
D.When a society is closed, it is a static society

d
A political struggle is a form of political conflict.It refers to the confrontational interactive actions generated by various political subjects around public political power in order to achieve specific rights based on their own interests.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not in the political struggle?
A.Riots, armed uprisings and wars
B.Struggles of all segments of society, political parties, groups, factions and their representatives in Parliament
C.Two members of parliament speak publicly on the street
D.Alone bargaining with the hawker on the street

a
Divergent thinking means thinking in different directions and from different angles, and looking for solutions from multiple aspects.
Which of the following belongs to divergent thinking?
A.Focus on a problem, point your mind at this center from different directions and different angles
B.Newton realizes gravity from apple landing
C.Luban was inspired by the broken hand and invented the saw
D.Humans get inspiration from insect eye composition, developed many advanced night vision weapons

c
The law of value refers to the objective inevitability of the commodity economy in which the value of the commodity depends on the socially necessary labor time to produce the commodity and the exchange of commodities on the principle of equal value.
Which of the following situations violates the law of value?
A.Due to the technology of manufacturing rockets, the cost is much higher than that of cars, and rockets are far more expensive than cars.
B.Matches are far cheaper than gasoline
C.A liar used a brick to deceive another piece of gold because the liar said it was a Qin Dynasty artifact
D.The ancient ethnic minorities exchanged bargains with Han people in Tianshui and exchanged their fur for rice of equivalent value

c
Securities: It is a document that records and represents certain rights, that is, a certificate used to prove that the holder of the securities is entitled to enjoy corresponding rights and interests according to the content contained in the securities.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is that is not securities?
A.Stocks
B.Treasury bills
C.Contract
D.Check

c
Mechanical organization refers to the requirements of the environment for the organization in a stable situation, the organization's work has a more stable direction, and there are established solutions to the problems it faces.The working procedures are repeated and relatively fixed.
Which of the following belong to the organization is ()
A.Wang Hua and Li Ming went on an autumn tour, and met several other tourists.Everyone saved money and bought group tickets together.
B.Family in a TV series
C.Studio of the TV crew and its members
D.On the Long March of the Red Army, the young and the weak will advance together to avoid losing the team

d
Social competition refers to the behavior of individuals or groups competing with each other in order to obtain or use certain limited things in order to achieve possession, regardless of the efforts of others.
Which of the following is not a social competition?
A.Humans fight for the basic right to life during evolution
B.In commodity society, merchants spend a lot of money to advertise in order to occupy the market
C.Revolution and struggle led by the proletariat, mainly to replace the capitalist system with the socialist system
D.Wang Yangming alone noticed the bamboo lattice in the backyard

b
Consulting refers to an intellectual activity in which people use information as a basis to comprehensively process and create information, intelligence, and materials to provide various services to relevant users in society.
Which of the following is a consultation ()
A.The teacher asks students questions during class
B.A student goes to the library in the spare time to ask the staff on duty to retrieve the reference book
C.Before the start of the China-U.S.Accession negotiations, Chinese personnel asked whether the receivers of the U.S.personnel were intact
D.In order to judge the case, the judge asked the plaintiff and the defendant about the facts.

b
A limited liability company, also known as a limited company, refers to an enterprise legal person established in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Company Law, in which shareholders are liable to the company within the limits of their capital contributions, and the company is responsible for the company's debts with all its assets.The maximum number of people cannot be raised publicly, shares cannot be issued, and there are strict restrictions on shareholder transfers.
Which of the following units is not a limited liability company?
A.Beijing Electric Co., Ltd.
B.100 companies listed on the Beijing Stock Exchange
C.Hebei Food Trade Co., Ltd.
D.After the company's failure and bankruptcy, the company's manager's shares were all vacated, but his personal property was not affected by the company

b
The brewing effect means that when a person is devoted to solving a certain problem for a long time and is puzzled if he temporarily stops to do something else, after a period of time, he may suddenly think of a solution.
Which of the following are among the brewing effects:
A.Xiao Wang didn't find a file for a while, and after two hours he found the file.
B.Xiaofeng encountered difficulties in writing his graduation thesis.A few days later, he got a lot of relevant information when he attended the academic conference and cleared his thoughts.
C.A repairman consulted a lot of wiring diagrams while repairing the TV, and finally repaired the TV
D.A researcher applied for a delay but did not get approval from the relevant department, he switched to other topics, and the project was approved after a few months.

a
Divergent thinking is a thinking method that conceives from different directions, ways, and angles, explores multiple answers, and finally achieves a satisfactory solution to the problem.
Which of the following are examples of divergent thinking:
A.Sima Guang saw the children fall into the water tank.When "Save People and Water" did not work, they smashed the water tank decisively, and "Let the Water Leave People" saved the children.
B.The patient came to the clinic for chest pain.The doctor may consider pneumothorax, pneumonia, angina pectoris, etc.based on experience.After various examinations, he was diagnosed with pneumonia
C.According to strawberry is more expensive than a banana, banana is more expensive than an apple, apple is more expensive than orange, so it is concluded that strawberry is more expensive than orange
D.In the artistic creation, the artist must arrange the theme, composition, and color that he wants to present in advance, and present a sketch.

c
Analogical reasoning refers to a logical method based on the similarity or the same relationship between two (or two types of) objects in some aspects and the similarity or the same in other aspects.
Which of the following inference processes without applying analogical reasoning is:
A.From "the amount of alcohol in the barrel can be roughly judged by tapping the barrel", it is concluded that "the amount of pleural effusion can be roughly judged by tapping the chest"
B.Inferred from "Chloramphenicol can affect the skeletal development of young mice" "Chloramphenicol can affect the skeletal development of young children"
C.Inferred that "this patient has lung cancer" from "cancer cells found in this patient's sputum"
D.Inferred from "brightly colored mushrooms are generally toxic" "brightly colored snakes are generally toxic"

c
The social security system refers to a social security system that provides material assistance and services to protect people's lives through the redistribution of national income and the support of social security funds under the management of the government in accordance with certain laws and regulations.
Which of the following are within the scope of the social security system:
A.Laid-off workers applied for preferential loans with the help of street offices, opened their own factories and provided reemployment opportunities for many laid-off workers
B.City leaders visited the lonely elderly in the city on the eve of the Spring Festival and sent them food, clothing and color TV sets, hoping that they could spend a warm and peaceful festival
C.Uncle Lee, a retired employee, recently detected lung cancer.Surgery and other treatments cost hundreds of thousands of yuan.Most of the medical expenses are reimbursed by medical insurance agencies.
D.The development of the "Hope Engineering Library" project has enabled schools in remote mountain areas to have their own libraries, and children there can also read their favorite books

c
Sub-health is a description of the physiological functions of biological organisms, and generally refers to the state between physiological functions and health.The transition from health to disease requires a process from quantitative change to qualitative change, and this special stage before a qualitative change occurs That is sub-health.
Which of the following phenomena is sub-health;
A.Pharaoh's physical examination at the hospital several times after his retirement found high blood pressure, but he never felt unwell.
B.Xiao Liu was robbed when he went out shopping on Saturday and was stabbed by a gangster with a dagger in a fight.Now he is out of danger and is undergoing final rehabilitation in the hospital.
C.The soldier is in the third grade and is facing the pressure of further studies.He often stays up late to study and recently felt another layer of mist in his eyes.Medical experts say this may be a pseudomyopia.
D.Xiao Gang's father found a cystic mass in the abdomen during the physical examination of the unit.The doctor said that it may be caused by long-term fatigue, and advised him to maintain it, but he didn't care because there were no external signs.

d
Delusion is a pathologically distorted belief, pathological reasoning, and judgment.It has the following characteristics: 1, the content of the belief is inconsistent with the facts, there is no objective reality basis, but the patient is convinced; 2.the delusion content involves the patient himself, Always related to personal interests; 3, delusion has personal uniqueness; 4, delusional content varies due to cultural background and personal experience, but often has a strong color of the times.
One of the symptoms described below that can be judged to be delusional is:
A.Xiao Wang has always been thinking about the question of "Eggs first, Chickens first".Although he knows it is not necessary, he just can't get rid of this problem from his mind.
B.Lili recently discovered that things and the environment around her have changed and become unreal.The surroundings seem to be stage backgrounds, trees, and houses seem to be paperless and lifeless.
C.Lao Zhang has always heard someone scold him at the door, even though the boss told him that he didn't hear anything.
D.Because of an oval birthmark on his abdomen, Xiao Li believes that he is the offspring of a super-powerful alien.Although everyone hears this as nonsense, he is convinced.

a
The indirect intention of a crime refers to the psychological attitude of the perpetrator who knows that his or her behavior may cause harm to the society and let the consequences occur.
Which of the following are indirect intentional crimes:
A.A wants to poison colleague B, so he puts poison in the water dispenser where everyone drinks water together.B did not take water from the water dispenser on the same day but caused the other three colleagues to be poisoned.
B.A wants to shoot B, ambush in front of B's house, and only hits B's arm
C.Taxi driver A drank a few more glasses while having dinner with his friends, but with his many years of driving experience, A thought that there would be no problem, so he ignored the friends to persevere in getting out of the car and hit pedestrian B.
D.Nurse A of a hospital confuses patient B's and C's medications.When it is time to give B's medication, A does not check carefully and picks up the medication that should be given to C to B.As a result, B's death is caused by the wrong medicine.

c
Learned helplessness refers to a kind of helpless mental state and behavioral performance produced by individuals when they have experienced negative experiences many times before facing the same or similar situations.
Which of the following are examples of acquired helplessness:
A.Xiao Ming cheerfully talked to his mother about climbing the tree with his classmates, was severely criticized, and was warned not to play dangerous games again.Xiao Ming never told his mother about the game afterward.
B.4-year-old Lili had just slept with her parents.She said that when she closed her eyes, she would remember the story of the old goblin told by her grandmother, so her parents had to allow Lili to sleep with the lamp on every night.
C.Xiao Li repeatedly reported to the dormitory administrator and the school's logistics department because of a leak in the dormitory water pipe, but no one came to repair it for a month, and the dormitory lights broke again the previous two days, and Xiao Li simply did not report it.
D.When Xiao Zhang first moved in, the neighbor's puppy was screaming when he saw him.After more than a month, the puppy knew him and would shake his tail friendly to him every time, but Xiao Zhang Still a little scared.

a
Deposit refers to the parties to the contract in order to ensure the performance of the contract, according to legal provisions or the agreement between the parties, when the contract is concluded, or after the conclusion of the contract, before the performance of the contract, a certain percentage of the contract's subject to advance payment of money or Other alternatives.
Which of the following are deposits:
A.A and B (the landlord) signed a rental agreement on June 5 (monthly rent of 500 yuan), which will take effect on June 10.B requires A to pay 100 yuan in advance.If A cannot perform the contract, he will not Refund.
B, Xiao Zhang was admitted to the university this year, and the notice stated that he must pay 5,000 yuan intuition before he could go through the admission procedures.
C, A borrows 1,000 yuan from B in advance, and A's friend C leaves his camera of 1,000 yuan to B as a guarantee.
D, Xiaowang recently signed a house purchase contract, which stipulated in the contract terms that the down payment of 100,000 cash and the remaining 100,000 yuan will be paid together when the property right certificate is processed.

c
The crime of defamation refers to the act of deliberately fabricating and disseminating certain facts, damaging the personality of others, destroying the reputation of others, and having serious circumstances.
Which of the following acts constitute libel:
A.A is dissatisfied with the company manager's criticism of it, thinking that this is because he offended the manager in words and deeds, so he repeatedly expressed this idea in front of colleagues, which had a bad impact on the manager's reputation.
B, B has always been at odds with neighbor Wang.When Wang wanted to sell a house and move, B repeatedly declared to surrounding residents that Feng's house had bad feng shui, which caused Wang to suffer serious economic losses due to falling house prices.
C, C heard that classmate Xiao Zhang was involved in a fight outside the school.Under the unconfirmed information, C told the classmates everywhere that C was taken into custody for taking the lead in gathering people to fight, causing Xiao Zhang to commit suicide because of excessive pressure.
D, Ding is the head of the financial department of a company.Because of the huge amount of money missing, he thought it was the accountant Liu Liu's private swallowing, so he talked to Xiao Liu many times, and said at the department meeting that Xiao Liu was suspected of committing a crime.Liu's reputation was damaged.

d
A survey of the results of a university student sports meeting in a city seems to be contradictory.When the athletes participating in the 100m finals were asked about their position in the sports meeting, 60% of the respondents said that their results were among the best in the game.The top 20%.
If all the athletes participating in the survey were telling the truth, which of the following could give a more reasonable explanation for the above phenomenon?
A.Not all non-respondents rank outside the top 20% of the 100m finals
B.The remaining 40% of the respondents in the 100m finals are outside the top 20%
C.80% of the athletes participating in the 100m finals did not perform well
D.Athletes with poor results in the 100-meter final did not participate in the survey

c
Experts believe that the reason for the sharp decline in tiger populations is simple: illegal hunting of wild animals has not been completely banned, and many countries in East Asia are still rampantly trading in animal skins.Experts point out that the new population growth trends and economic changes in Asia The survival of tigers have had a very significant impact.The wealthy middle class in Asia can afford the expensive "Tiger Feast"-making dinner from various parts of the tiger's body to show off wealth.This has also fully stimulated the illegal trade of wild tigers, which directly led The number of Asian tigers has plummeted.
From this we can infer:
A.Reduce the number of tigers that will be killed
B.Stop the animal fur trade, the number of tigers will not fall
C.Economic changes have a significant impact on the survival of some animals
D.If the middle class changes unhealthy consumption attitudes, the number of tigers will not decline

a
A new study shows that sweet-taste-producing proteins that are present on the tongue are also present in the gut.Researchers have speculated that the gut can also taste candy.The person in charge of the study said: In fact, the way the gut tastes the same as the tongue."
Which of the following best supports the above speculation?
A.As long as you have this substance that detects sweet proteins, you can taste sweet
B.In addition to sweetness, the intestines can also taste sour
C.In addition to the intestine, there are other organs that can taste sweet
D.Taste can be expressed through other feelings

a
Scientists have found that birds living in large groups have more new neurons and stronger memories than birds living in loneliness.They, therefore, advise humans: You are a lonely person, and you had better make some friends, otherwise you will lose your precious brain cells and lead to memory.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above view?
A.Human brains are fundamentally different from birds
B.The human brain is much more developed than the bird brain
C.Many people who make friends have a bad memory
D.Many lonely people have a very good memory

b
After half a year's excavation by dozens of archaeologists, the large-scale and richly-contained ancient city gate of Quanzhou, Dejimen, has reappeared.Archaeologists have once again discovered some ancient temple building components.Based on this, archaeologists speculate During the Yuan and Ming Dynasties, there were temples near the place.B
If one of the following is true, the above speculation can be most questioned?
A.Archaeologists have not found any temple ruins
B.Houses often use the same building elements
C.Less excavated temple building elements
D.Ancient books on Dejimen do not mention the nearby temples

d
Researchers analyzed the medical records of nearly 4,000 Asian and non-Asian cancer patients in Southern California and found that Asians have a much higher survival rate than patients of other races.In general, the 5-year survival rate for Asians has 20%, Latino is 12%, and black and white is 10 %.Some researchers speculate that this may be due to biological differences that make tumors in Asians less invasive.
Which of the following does not challenge this view?
A.Asians have different dietary habits from other races,
B.Asians generally attach importance to medical examinations to detect cancer early
C.In addition to Western medicine, patients with Asian tumors often receive Chinese medicine
D.Asians have a lower incidence of stomach cancer than other races

d
Researchers report that the ratio of brain regions with different functions in the animal's brain is an important feature of the species.They found that in the same species, there may be significant differences in brain capacity between different individuals, but the brain structure The characteristics are basically the same; there are large differences in structural characteristics between different species.Based on this, researchers believe that the structural characteristics of the brain will help distinguish the genetic relationships between different species.They also pointed out that changes in the brain structure, It usually marks the evolution of new populations.For example, the evolution from the more primitive lemur to the present monkey; from ape to human, the main change in the brain is the increase in the proportion of the new cerebral cortex.
From this we can infer:
A.The cerebral cortex of smart people is more developed than ordinary people
B.The human cerebral cortex is more developed than the monkey
C.Structural similarity between the human brain and the ape brain is greater than the structural similarity between the monkey brain and lemur brain
D.The similarity between chimpanzee and gorilla brain structure is greater than that of chimpanzee and monkey brain structure

a
1 degree Celsius is the body temperature that can be reached when the human body has a fever.Not long ago, researchers exposed skin cells in test tubes to the air at 41 degrees Celsius twice a week for one hour each time.They found that these cells were not damaged, but instead The vitality is more prosperous.They speculated that moderate heat can extend lifespan, anti-aging, and beauty effects.
Which of the following cannot be called into question:
A.People who often get colds don't live longer than normal people
B.It is not the skin cells that affect the aging process
C.Skin cells cannot replace all human cells
D.A temporary rise in body temperature can cause damage to some cells in the body

a
Both companies A and B provide customers with 24-hour hotline consultation services for customers who have problems with their company's digital products.Dialing the hotline charges a corresponding call fee, so generally, consumers only have difficulties when using digital products.Company A will receive 5 times more hotline calls than Company B.This shows that Company A's digital products must be more complex and difficult to use than Company B.
If the following are true, the above conclusions are most supported:
A.Company B has twice as many consumers of digital products as Company A
B.Company A has five times more consumers of digital products than Company B
C.Company B receives twice as many complaints about digital product quality issues as Company A
D.Company A receives five times more complaints about digital product quality issues than Company B

d
In daily life, some people save trouble when taking pills.After putting the pills in their mouths, do not drink water or just take a sip of water, and then swallow hard, even if they have finished taking the medicine.Some people think that this way of taking medicine is not desirable.
Which of the following, if true, would best support these people's views?
A.Increasing the amount of water you drink will reduce the concentration of the drug
B.Drink a lot of water while taking the medicine, which can speed up the speed of the medicine through the pharynx and esophagus into the stomach
C.Some drugs, because of the low solubility of metabolites, are easy to precipitate in the urinary tract and cause other symptoms, so patients need to drink at least 1500 ml of water a day during the medication
D.When taking the medicine, drinking too little water can cause the pills to stay in the esophagus for a long time and even cause side effects

b
The first stimulus can alleviate the second small stimulus.This law is called the "Beib law".It shows that when a person experiences a strong stimulus, the stimulus given later will become insignificant to him.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following can be explained using the Bebe law:
A.When people enter a poorly-lit place from a bright place, they can't see anything at first, but they can quickly adapt to the darkness after a while)
B.When he learned that the company was going to lay off staff for the third time, Xiao Wang was less worried than he was in the previous two times and was able to treat it more calmly.
C.Company A sold the entire set of equipment to B Freeze.In the beginning, the quotation was very favorable.When the negotiations were about to end, it proposed to increase the installation service fee.Company B considered it unacceptable.
D.Xiao Li was diligent when he first started working, and gradually relaxed after becoming familiar with the environment, but people around him still felt that he was very dedicated.

d
Outsourcing is a strategic management model, which means that in order to maintain core competitiveness, companies entrust the non-core business to external professional companies to reduce operating costs and improve customer satisfaction.Offshoring is a form of outsourcing, which refers to The company entrusts a business to a service provider overseas or a company's overseas subsidiary.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as outsourcing:
A.company needs 5 senior electronics engineers for a project.It asked a domestic human resources company to help recruit
B.A project of a company in the United States has a large amount of text and materials that need to be converted into electronic texts.It asked a Chinese company to complete it.
C.A company undertakes the construction of a steel plant in a country in the Middle East, and the transportation part of the project is borne by the company's overseas subsidiary-shipping company
D.A construction engineering company contracted a school building for a school, and the school commissioned another company to carry out the interior decoration work of the school building

c
Many parts of the MiG-25 jet fighter developed by the former Soviet Union are far behind compared with American fighters of the same period, but because the designer considered the overall performance, the parts were more coordinated.The aircraft reached the world-class level in terms of lifting, speed, and emergency response at the time.This unexpected result due to the combination and coordination was called the "Mig-25 effect" by future generations.
According to the upward definition, Which of the following are MiG-25 effects:
A.A gift shop has a wide range of gifts and the price is not high, so the business is very good.
B.After Xiaofang learns clothing design, she wears everything from silk scarves to shoes properly, giving people a sense of beauty
C.The organization held a game of table tennis mixed doubles match.Two people from somewhere cooperated to defeat the combination of the women's singles champion with absolute advantage.
D.A computer company developed a laptop computer, although the internal configuration is not high, the appearance is small and exquisite, and the sales situation is good after listing

c
Self-defensive attribution refers to protecting self-esteem by emphasizing one's role in positive, desirable good results, and reducing responsibility for negative, undesirably bad results.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are self-defensive attributions:
A.Many parents believe that the key to a child's creativity is whether the school's educational philosophy is advanced
B.A company manager summed up the successful experience of the company, saying that a successful company cannot be separated from excellent employees and advanced management methods.
C.The GDP level of a country has repeatedly hit record lows, and the leader of the country said that it was affected by the continued downturn in the world economy
D.An enterprise is facing bankruptcy due to poor management, the company's leader acknowledges that the company's leadership has made mistakes in operating decisions

c
Price discrimination is essentially a price difference.It usually means that when the supplier of goods or services provides different recipients with the same grade and the same quality of goods or services at the same time, different sales prices or charges are implemented between the recipients.standard.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are price discrimination:
A.Dealers sell 50% off seasonal products
B.Telecom operators implement differentiated pricing for in-network and out-network calls
C.A cinema in Beijing offers a 20% discount on fares for its members
D.The price of four-star hotels in Hong Kong is higher than many four-star hotels in the Mainland

d
Corporate strategic alliances are two or more economic entities (generally refers to enterprises.This definition also applies if certain departments of an enterprise reach an alliance relationship.Long-term joint and cooperation agreement.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following belong to the strategic alliance of the enterprise:
A.Someone authorizes a factory to use it for a long time, and the profit is distributed according to the agreement
B.A car parts company signs a contract with a car manufacturer to provide the factory with high-quality parts at preferential prices for a long time
C.In order to reserve talents, a company has reached an agreement with the computer department of a famous university, and graduates of the department can participate in the company's recruitment interview
D.In order to meet the challenges of foreign collection manufacturers, three domestic mobile phone manufacturers reached a 10-year cooperation agreement to jointly develop high-end mobile phones

b
The environmental carrying capacity is the limit of the number of organisms that an ecosystem can sustain on the premise of maintaining the regenerative, adaptive, and renewal capabilities of living organisms.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not measures to protect the carrying capacity of the environment:
A.Government regulations on the number of livestock grazed per square hectare of pasture
B.The government has paid for repairing roads that have been in disrepair for a long time and stipulates that vehicles with a load of more than 20 tons are prohibited from passing.
C.In order to prevent outsiders from grazing freely, the government divides pastures to individual herders and installs fences at the border
D.It is stipulated in a scenic area that the number of tourists entering the scenic area per day must not exceed 1,000

a
Role overload conflict refers to the conflict that a person's role requires too much and the workload is too large to complete all the tasks that they feel required.
According to the above definition, which of the following is role overload conflicts?
A.Ms.Huang, the host of the show, also took the film, wrote the script, and participated in social welfare activities while hosting the show.She felt powerless
B.Insurance salesman Mr.Zhang is enthusiastic and often helps customers solve life difficulties.Many people turn to him to handle the insurance business.Therefore, Mr.Zhang can complete tasks in excess every month.
C.Ms.Li is the backbone of the unit's business, she is also the mother of a child, and she also takes care of the elderly.
D.Xiao Liu is an experimenter.He needs to be highly focused every day, dealing with various dangerous chemicals, and preventing the leakage of chemicals, which makes him feel physically and mentally exhausted.

d
Pre-litigation evidence preservation refers to the system in which the people's courts fix or protect the evidence before the lawsuit if it is likely to be lost or it is difficult to obtain evidence that proves significance to the case.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following applications for pre-litigation evidence preservation may be approved by the people's court:
A.The debtor fails to repay the debt on time, and the creditor applies for pre-litigation evidence preservation of the factory building as collateral
B.Fruit vendor Li has a contract dispute with supplier Wang, and Wang still refuses to deliver the goods after winning the case.Lee applies for pre-litigation evidence preservation for the batch of fruits
C.The cargo owner applied for evidence preservation of the transportation vehicle before suing because he suspected that the transportation company sold his goods during transportation.
D.A company found a store selling goods that counterfeit its brand, and applied for pre-litigation evidence preservation of these goods

d
Abuse of market dominance refers to those operators in the relevant market that can control the price, quantity or other trading conditions of the commodity, or that can hinder and affect other operators from entering the relevant market, and use their market dominance to jeopardize competition, harm competitors and Public and other private interests.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts constitute abuses of market dominance:
A.Company A obtains control of many other operators by acquiring equity or assets, so that its market share in that place reaches more than 50%
B.Company A.which has a market share of 55% in the edible oil market, asked a local supermarket to advertise for free on the shopping cart, but was rejected by the supermarket.Company A stopped supplying to the supermarket.
C.A power company in a certain city said that many users' meters were inaccurate, requiring users to purchase meters of several brands specified by the company.After investigation, the power company had no interesting relationship with the manufacturers of the specified brands.
D.In a city with a lighter market share of 70%, the second and second factories, in order to alleviate the serious decline in sales due to the economic downturn, reached an agreement on the limited production quantity and sales price, causing many small manufacturers to go bankrupt

a
Related studies have found that people who sleep less than 7 hours per day are generally fatter than people who sleep longer.This is because lack of sleep affects metabolic functions, increases appetite-stimulating hormones, and reduces the level of hormones that produce fullness.
This will definitely lead to:
A.Fat people have better appetite than normal-weight people
B.Sleep conditions affect metabolism
C.Hormones affect appetite
D.Hormone levels of fat people may be different from ordinary people

c
A survey of the effectiveness of a foreign brand's advertising efforts to enter the local market.The results showed that when using television advertising, 15 people per 100 people knew the brand, and then chose newspaper ads, and 26 people per 100 people said they were impressed.Accordingly, in order to increase the awareness of the brand, the company decided to invest all of its advertising funds in newspaper ads.
Which of the following, if true, would most undermine the company's decision:
A.Television is the most important way for locals to get information
B.Newspaper advertisements tend to leave a negative impression that the product is too cheap
C.If newspaper advertising is not used and TV advertising continues, 45 people per 100 people will know the brand after the same time
D.Eighty percent of those who know the brand on TV have a willingness to buy, and only 20% of those who know about it through a newspaper advertisement are willing to do so

c
All salespeople in a company are men, all secretaries are women, all married people are secretaries, and the company's general manager is not yet married.
From this, we can know:
A.The general manager is male
B.There are men among married people
C.Female employees may be unmarried
D.Some of the salespeople are married

a
Studies have shown that acrolein, the main component of smoke produced by smoking, is a "chronic killer" for eye health, and hydroxytyrosol, an olive oil extract, can effectively reduce the damage caused by this "chronic killer" to the eyes.It was concluded that regular consumption of olive oil can keep smokers' eyes away from harm.
If the following are true, the ones that support the above argument are:
A.Hydroxytyrosol is easily absorbed by the body
B.Olive oil contains other substances that are beneficial to the human body
C.People who eat olive oil have better eyesight than people who do n’t eat it often
D.Smoke also contains other substances that are harmful to vision

d
During the Spring Festival, the sale of counterfeit train tickets has become a major public nuisance.The public security department has carried out a number of raids on this, smashed a group of dens that manufacture and sell counterfeit train tickets, and arrested and punished a group of them for profit, However, the phenomenon of trafficking in counterfeit train tickets in society still exists.
If the above conclusion is true, which of the following cannot be the reason why the phenomenon of selling fake train tickets still exists?
A.The buyer's market for fake train tickets still exists
B.Only a small percentage of the fake dens found were found
C.Train tickets lack effective anti-counterfeiting marks
D.The railway transportation department is still selling station tickets

b
A large number of studies have shown that almost all synthetic pigments cannot provide nutrients to the human body, and some synthetic pigments can even endanger human health, leading to reduced fertility, teratogens, etc., and some may even be converted into carcinogens in the human body.Therefore, it should be Use natural pigments instead of synthetic pigments.
If the following are true, the above conclusions can be weakened most:
A.The body's detoxification and excretion functions can dissolve some toxins in synthetic pigments
B.The natural pigment composition is complex, and harmful substances may be generated due to structural changes during processing
C.The tinting power of natural pigments is generally not as strong as synthetic pigments, and it is relatively easy to fade or discolor
D.The extraction of natural pigments is not easy, the cost is high, and it is technically difficult to operate

d
The service scope of a courier company is the range that can be covered or reached by the service network.It is the most important factor for measuring the competitiveness of courier companies and the material basis for courier companies to provide courier services.The scope of services determines the service areas that courier companies can reach.For customers, the range of services that courier companies can provide is, of course, the larger the better.
Which of the following, if true, cannot support the above judgment?
A.Many fast-track companies with small service areas are struggling with fierce market competition
B.The business scope of large and medium-sized customers is often very broad, covering all parts of the country
C.Courier companies with a wide service network coverage, if the total turnover of four companies such as EMS and China Railway Express exceeds 50% of the total domestic market
D.After being divided into in-province and out-of-province express mail, express companies mainly charge by weight, not by distance.

c
Several students guessed the ranking of the physics competition.Xiao Zhong said: "Xiaohua is third, Xiaoren is fifth." Xiaohua said: "Xiaomin is fifth, Xiaogong fourth." Xiaoren said: "Xiao Zhong First, Xiaomin is the fourth."Xiaomin said:" Xiao Ren is the first, Xiaohua is the second."Xiaogong said:" Xiao Zhong is the third, Xiaomin is the fourth."It is known that there is no tied position in this competition.And each position has talent pairs.
Then, the specific ranking should be:
A.Xiaohua first, Xiao Zhong second, Xiao Ren third, Xiao Min fourth, Xiaogong fifth
B.Xiaomin first, Xiaoren second, Xiaohua third, Xiaogong fourth, Xiaozhong fifth
C.Xiao Ren first, Xiao Hua second, Xiao Zhong third, Xiao Gong fourth, Xiao Min fifth
D.Xiao Ren first, Xiao Min second, Xiao Zhong third, Xiao Gong fourth, Xiao Hua fifth

c
The most commonly accepted theory about elementary particles is the "standard theory".It was established about 30 years ago, and basic elementary particles that have been discovered can be explained based on this theory.For more than 100 years, elementary particles such as protons, neutrons, electrons, etc.In the face of these achievements, some people believe that the basic particles in the universe have been found to be almost the same, and even if there are, they can be explained by existing theories, so it will not bring many surprises to people.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above point?
A.Few elementary particles found based on "standard theory"
B.Some predictions based on "standard theory" have not been confirmed experimentally
C.The newly discovered elementary particles do not match the predictions made by "standard theory"
D.Some scientists have proposed a new theory that subverts people's previous understanding of elementary particles.

b
According to historical records, in the 19th year of Tang Zhenguan, after Xuan Zang returned from India, he personally designed and built a large wild goose pagoda to worship the Buddhist scriptures, gold and silver Buddha statues, relics and other treasures.No one knows where the treasures are hidden.Archaeologists believe that just like the Millennium Palace exists under the ancient tower of Famen Temple, there must be an underground palace hidden under the Dayan Pagoda, but it has not been excavated yet, and it is speculated that the It is very likely that the treasures hidden by Xuanzang were originally hidden in the palace.
If one of the following is true, the above speculations cannot be questioned?
A.There is no underground palace on the drawings of the Wild Goose Pagoda painted by Xuanzang
B.Treasures were not found in the underground palace under several other ancient towers that have been excavated
C.Archaeologists have found Buddhist scriptures brought back by Xuanzang at other locations
D.According to historical records, all the treasures brought back by Xuanzang have been dedicated to the palace

c
Uncertainty avoidance means that in any society, people will feel a threat to uncertain, vague, and uncertain future situations, and always try to prevent it.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not avoided:
A.The school called for graduate students to go for further studies.Xiao Wang felt that his life was relatively stable and he did not want to go out.He said, "My foreign language level is not good.Let me give it to other students."
B.With the advent of the financial turmoil, the stock market fluctuated, Xiao Zhao quickly sold his stock.
C.The graduation reply date is approaching, and Xiao Li is very nervous about the questions that the reply teacher may ask.
D.Xiao Zhang repeatedly thought between going to a state-owned enterprise or starting his own business, and felt that the latter was too risky, so he chose to enter a state-owned enterprise.

b
Cultural feedback refers to the process of extensive cultural absorption by the older generation to the younger generation in the era of rapid cultural change.
According to the definition of appeal, Which of the following are culturally nurtured:
A.People born in the 1970s are not an avid star chaser, but many people like some songs created by singers born in the 1980s.
B.Mr.Zhang said, "Now the teaching is all electronic, and many times I want to do PPT and check the information on the Internet.When I don't, my son is my teacher."
C.Manager Sun said that most of the young people in their unit, he tried to communicate with the young people by communicating with his son, and it worked well.
D.Director D.Liu accepted the suggestions of his subordinates, formulated a new work system, and improved the motivation of employees.

b
Social promotion refers to the phenomenon that others are present to promote the completion of their activities and improve the efficiency of their activities when an individual is engaged in an activity.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not social promotion:
A.When students are doing mathematical calculations, the teacher's spectator can make the students fully use their brains.
B.Xiao Wang lifted up the fallen uncle Li, and he felt that he had done something meaningful.
C.When employees are in production, the plant manager stands in the workshop, and the staff efficiency will be greatly improved.
D.When a football player walks into the stadium, he sees that there are no seats on the field.

c
The courtyard economy refers to a form of management in which farmers take full advantage of the space of the family courtyard, the surrounding uncontracted open spaces, and various resources, and engage in highly intensive commodity production.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following belong to the courtyard economy:
A.Planting flowers and plants on the balcony to beautify the living environment
B.Carp culture in contracted ponds
C.Establishing a handicraft weaving factory in a tiling house in his backyard
D.Grazing herds on the grassland

d
Accumulated funds refer to the portion of national income used as additional production funds, mainly including: expanding reproduction funds, such as building factories, building railways, reclaiming land, building water conservancy, etc.; non-productive capital funds such as building schools, hospitals, sports venues, as well as the national administration, the basic construction of the national defense department, etc .; social reserve funds, such as material reserves to deal with emergencies such as war, natural disasters, etc.
According to the definition of appeal, Which of the following are not part of the accumulation fund:
A.Construction costs of the Three Gorges Project
B.School reconstruction costs in the earthquake-stricken area
C.Olympic venue construction costs
D.Military exercise costs

d
Occupational diseases refer to diseases caused by factors such as exposure to dust, radioactive substances and other toxic and harmful substances during the professional activities of workers in enterprises, institutions and individual economic organizations.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are occupational diseases:
A.Mrs.Li moved into the newly renovated office.She suffered from blood disease due to the severe excess of harmful gases.
B.Interpol Pharaoh has been in contact with various criminals in his nearly 30-year career.In daily life, he also often looks at his friends and relatives with professional eyes.
C.Xiao Zhao is a senior manager of a company.He often works overtime and eats irregularly.He is finally diagnosed with gastritis by the hospital.
D.Xiao Zhang worked in a leather shoe factory and suffered from aplastic anaemia due to long-term exposure to benzene-containing substances.

b
The subjective lens refers to the use of the camera lens as the eyes of the people in the drama in film and television activities, and directly "witness" the scene seen by the people in the drama.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are subjective lenses:
A.The TV series `` Dream of Red Mansions '' describes that Lin Daiyu's first visit to Jiafu is different from other families, and her mood is very complicated, so she pays attention everywhere and always cares.
B.In the TV series "The Romance of the Three Kingdoms", in the process of showing Jiang Qian's "theft of books", every corner of Zhou Yu's account was magnified with close-ups.
C.The leopard head Lin Chong in the TV series "Water Margin" gave close-ups as soon as he appeared, highlighting its physical characteristics: "Panther head with ring eyes, swallows and tigers, eight-foot length"
D.In the TV series `` Journey to the West '', when Sun Wukong made a big fuss in the heavenly palace, the camera detailed the fighting process.

d
Redundant design means that there must be sufficient room in the process of hiring, using, firing, firing, promotion, etc.of human resources, so that the overall operation of human resources has a certain flexibility.When a certain decision deviates, correction and Room for redefinition.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not redundant definitions:
A.In the basketball game, there are 5 players on each side, but usually, there are 12-15 people for each professional basketball team.
B.A company recruits a group of college students every year, allowing them to intern in each position and train them as reserve cadres.
C.A property's power distribution room is equipped with two people, and even if one person is out of the office, someone can be guaranteed to be on duty.
D.An employee of the design department resigned, and the company immediately hired a part-time job from the quality inspection department, while the human resources department began to recruit people urgently.

d
Shareholder representative lawsuit refers to a company's litigation system in which the company's shareholders sue in their own name when the company's legitimate rights and interests are illegally infringed and the company is still in a lawsuit.
According to the definition of appeal, Which of the following situations can bring shareholder representative actions:
A.Company A made profits for 5 consecutive years, but did not distribute profits to shareholders.
B.Due to poor management and loss for years, the company's shareholders requested to check the accounting books, which was rejected by the company.
C.Company C's manager privately provided company assets to provide guarantees to others, and the company's board of directors filed a lawsuit.
D.A company has owed D company a large loan for nearly two years, and the company's board of directors and managers did not take any measures to demand it.

c
If the lunar surface was once a magmatic ocean, then the distribution of many elements should be continuous.The magmatic ocean holds the key to unlocking the mystery of the birth of the moon.If the existence of the magmatic ocean is confirmed, then the "giant impact hypothesis" becomes the most powerful Said the origin of the moon.
From this we can infer:
A.If the moon's surface was never a magmatic ocean, then the distribution of elements on the moon's surface is not continuous.
B.If the "giant shock hypothesis" has not become the most powerful theory of the origin of the moon, then it indicates that the distribution of elements on the surface of the moon is not continuous.
C.If the distribution of elements on the moon's surface is not continuous, then the moon's surface has never been a magmatic ocean
D.If the distribution of elements on the surface of the moon is continuous, then the "giant impact hypothesis" will become the most powerful theory of the origin of the moon.

c
Some people think that "large national budget deficits will inevitably lead to huge national trade deficits." If so, then the countries with the largest budget deficits in the world will necessarily have the corresponding largest trade deficits.The country is the United States, and the U.S.trade is generally a surplus rather than a deficit (because despite the loss of its trade in goods, its technology and services trade makes a lot).
From this we can infer:
A.Huge national budget deficits will inevitably not lead to huge national trade deficits
B.Huge national trade deficits will not necessarily lead to huge national budget deficits
C.Huge national budget deficits may not lead to huge national trade deficits
D.Huge national budget deficits could lead to huge national trade deficits

d
An operator invested heavily to build a highway connecting the urban area and the airport.This highway is shorter and better than the original urban highway to the airport.Of course, this private highway has tolls.After running for a period of time, the operator found that the traffic flow was much less than expected, and this expected "fortune road" did not immediately attract money.
If the following are true, which one is the least likely to cause the above result?
A.People would rather spend more time than pay extra "toll fees".
B.Most people who go to the airport don't know that the new highway has been opened
C.The financial crisis affected the income of local residents, and fewer people went out to fly
D.Driving on a highway is more dangerous than driving on a regular highway

c
The American Ornithology Foundation recently released the report `` The State of American Birds, '' and they believe that global warming is prompting birds to adjust their biological clocks and lay eggs earlier, and these changes will make these birds unable to make their own The progeny that break out of the shell provide enough food.For example, the blue-crowned tit mainly feeds on the larvae of moths and butterflies.The moth and butterfly's spawning time has not been advanced accordingly.Hunger continued for several days.
Which of the following, if true, would best support an appealing argument?
A.UK's average temperature has been rising in the last 40 years
B.The laying period of many birds is indeed early
C.Blue-crowned tit rarely eats food other than larvae of moths and butterflies
D.Moths and butterflies have different spawning periods

b
A new treatment for a disease has improved significantly in 68% of patients in 12-month clinical trials, of which 43% have recovered.However, the commonly used treatments can also be used within 12 months.38% of patients are completely cured.Because the new treatment mainly selects those with more severe symptoms, some people think that the new treatment is more effective than the commonly used treatment.
If the following are true, the most powerful questions that can be raised about these views are:
A.After the emergence of new therapies, patients with this disease still tend to use the original therapy
B.The disease is often severe in the early stages but is relatively easy to treat
C.Through lifestyle changes, many people can improve their condition and even recover even without medication
D.Common therapies use four drugs in combination, but the new therapy uses only two drugs

c
If a city wants to build a garden or build a pond, there are the following four assumptions: a bridge is needed to build a pond; a garden cannot be built when a bridge is built; a tree must be planted to build a garden;
Based on this it is impossible to introduce:
A.Finally, there is a pond
B.There must be a bridge in the end
C.There may be a garden in the end
D.Pond and garden cannot exist at the same time

d
The characteristics of synthetic amino acids are different from the standard amino acids in 20, and the integration of these synthetic amino acids into proteins can systematically change the structure and biological characteristics of proteins.However, researchers have so far only been able to integrate one synthetic amino acid into one Protein, so you can only change one characteristic of a protein at a time.
Which of the following is a prerequisite for the above discussion?
A.Changing the structure of a protein can change its biological characteristics
B.Researchers can only change the structure of one protein at a time
C.A synthetic amino acid can only change one structure of a protein
D.A synthetic amino acid can only change one characteristic of a protein

c
A country's football magazine reported that the country's football league champions have been decided by fake balls for 30 years.The magazine also gave evidence that a player who asked not to be named told reporters that he and his teammates A $ 200,000 bribe was collected and they kicked a fake ball in a crucial match that eventually won another team; however, the president of the country's football league refuted the report.
If the following are true, what would best support the chairman:
A.The football magazine has published false reports on several occasions
B.The national football league has imposed severe penalties for fake kicks, so there are generally no fake kicks.
C.Even if the fake kick event in that match is true, it cannot be concluded that the championship of the League A was decided through fake kicks, otherwise, the league will not be held for 30 years
D.Through a recent national investigation, there were no cases of fake balls affecting the ownership of the championship.

b
"Flash marriage" refers to the fact that men and women marry within half a year of love.A research institute has investigated all divorce cases tried by a city court.The results show that the proportion of flash marriage couples suing for divorce within three years is much higher than non-flash marriage couples.The research agency believes that flash marriage is an important reason for the current divorce of couples.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above argument?
A.Survey finds that couples with the fastest divorce are often not flash couples
B.Agreement divorce cases handled by the civil affairs department accounted for 70% of the total number of divorce cases in the city
C.Survey shows that flash marriage couples have more harmonious relationships after marriage
D.Survey shows that couples who have been in a long relationship have a higher divorce rate than flash marriage couples

d
Knowledge-skilled talents are people who have both a high level of professional theoretical knowledge and a high level of operational skills.They can use their theoretical knowledge to guide production practices, work creatively, and be distributed in high-tech industries.And emerging career areas.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are knowledge-skilled talents:
A.Western-style pastry chef
B.Courier salesman
C.EMU driver
D.Color Matcher

c
Community, as the basic unit of social life, refers to a regional living community composed of a certain number of residents, with internal interactions and cultural sustaining power.The region, population, organizational structure, and culture are the basic elements of community composition.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following belong to the community:
A.All patients in a hospital inpatient department
B.An industry with multiple local offices breaks
C.All rural residents living in a natural village
D.A sub-district office in charge of residential affairs

d
The emergency plan refers to emergency management, command, rescue plan, etc.in the face of emergencies such as natural disasters, major accidents, environmental hazards, and man-made damage.It should generally be based on comprehensive disaster prevention planning.Public incidents refer to emergencies that occur suddenly, cause or may cause significant human death, property damage, damage to the ecological environment and serious social hazards, and endanger public safety.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following successfully applied emergency plans are:
A.After the torrential flash flood erupted, City A immediately formulated a rescue plan to rescue the trapped people.
B.Typhoon in Province B.Due to the accurate forecast of the meteorological department, the people prepared for protection in advance, and the overall loss was small.
C.Sudden hostage hijacking in a kindergarten in C City, more than 50 teachers and children were trapped, rescue workers were in distress, and the crisis was successfully resolved with the collective wisdom
D.The accident of leakage of toxic chemicals in a large chemical factory suddenly occurred in Ding City, and the government immediately conducted public rescue and rescue in accordance with the planned plan.

d
Product improvement strategy is also called "product re-launch" strategy, that is, a certain part of the product will be significantly changed in order to attract new customers and maintain the marketing strategy of old customers.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of the product improvement strategy:
A.A TV station changed the hosting style of a show to increase ratings
B.An electronic watch manufacturer turns the electronic watch movement on a necklace into a necklace electronic watch
C.A fashion magazine agency changed the magazine from quarterly to monthly according to readers' requirements
D.A brand home power plant launched an air-conditioning trade-in event

c
The epidemic is a common mental state, manifested by mutual infection or imitation of members of a society or group in the short term due to the pursuit of a certain lifestyle.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not epidemic phenomena:
A.There are young people full of cowboys everywhere in the street.
B.When chatting online recently, many people are using the word "囧"
C.Spring is here and many people go to the countryside
After the D.APEC meeting, many foreigners like Chinese costumes

b
Geological heritage resources refer to precious, non-renewable, formed and developed and preserved due to internal and external dynamic geological effects during the long geological history of the earth's evolution.Develop and utilize natural heritage that generates economic value to enhance human current and future welfare.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are geological heritage resources:
A.Geological monument established somewhere
B.Scenic caves in a certain place
C.Land and Resources Museum specializing in geological specimens
D.Grand Canal with a long history and beautiful scenery

d
DM advertising is direct mail advertising, that is, sending promotional items to consumers, homes or companies through mailings, gifts, etc.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not DM advertisements:
A.Sunscreen lotion samples presented at cosmetics counters in department stores
B.Commercial property leaflets distributed on crowded streets
C.Coupon received from a large fast-food restaurant in an e-mail box
D.Two free mobile phone foils when you buy a mobile phone at an electronics store

d
Climate geomorphology is a discipline that studies the formation and evolution of geomorphology under different climate conditions and is an important branch of geomorphology.Climate geomorphology mainly studies various physical, chemical, and biological factors that reflect the causes of climate geomorphology; The development process of various landforms under different climatic conditions.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not included in the scope of climate geomorphology:
A.how to divide the global cold regions, mid-latitude forest regions, arid regions, and hot and humid regions
B.Why do glacial areas and desert areas only appear in certain climate zones?
C.Characteristics of the landform shaping process in mid-latitude forest areas
D.Climate characteristics and changes in various periods since the formation of the earth and in the future

a
Aversion therapy is a way to help people combine the behavior or symptoms that they want to quit, with some kind of disgusting behavior or punitive stimulus, and achieve the purpose of a  or reducing the behavior through the aversion type conditioning.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are aversion therapy:
A.Xiao Wang is fat and still likes to eat chocolate.His friends suggested that he would get tired once and lose interest in chocolate in the future.
B.Xiao Zhou is afraid of the sound of a finger scratching the whiteboard.The therapist uses a tape recorder to continuously play this sound all day to reduce Xiao Zhou's fear.
C.Lao Zhao does not like to do housework and drinks, his wife stipulates that as long as he is drunk, he must take care of all the housework the next day
D.Lao Wu wants to quit smoking.Every time he wants to smoke, he keeps meditating in his heart, "Smoking is unhealthy."

d
Hallucinations refer to a kind of real and vivid perception without objective stimuli acting on the corresponding senses.Hallucinations are a type of perceptual disorder.They mainly include hallucinations, hallucinations, hallucinations, etc., and they mostly occur in mental illness Under normal conditions, normal people may also appear under conditions such as tension, fatigue, and high fever.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are hallucinations:
A.The patient perceives the clouds in the sky like a flying fairy through imagination
B.The sun tends to look bigger in the morning than at noon
C.When timid Xiaolu was walking at night, he saw trees in the distance and thought it was a robber
D.As soon as mom left for work, Xiaofeng watched TV at home, but always felt that she heard her mother's footsteps from time to time

d
There are 7 children in someone's house, from big to small: A.B, C, D, E, F, G, A have three sisters; B has an older brother; C is a girl, she has two sisters; D has Two younger brothers; F is also a girl.
It can be inferred from this:
A.A is a girl
B.B is a girl
C.D is a boy
D.E is a boy

a
A newspaper with a very large circulation actually stopped publishing because the readers it had were older men with low socioeconomic status, and this segment of the population had low consumption power, so the advertising effect was very unsatisfactory, making advertisers lose confidence in it Without the advertiser, it can no longer be done.
From this we can infer:
A.Distribution is not the only condition for newspapers to earn advertising revenue
B.Newspaper circulation is not attractive to advertisers
C.Women prefer advertising over men
D.Relying on advertising revenue to run newspapers is not conducive to the development of the newspaper industry

a
University of Oklahoma State University professor Michael Caspari said a previous survey showed that global warming can mutate ants, and their length will be one-third of the length before the mutation.He warned: Smaller ants reproduce faster and expand their territory more easily, so the number of ants will increase dramatically in the context of global warming.
From this we can infer:
A.Ant reproduction is closely related to heredity and temperature
B.Individual ants are more adapted to high-temperature environments
C.Global warming will reduce the number of big ants
D.The number of ants will not increase if global temperatures no longer rise

d
There are many creative inventions that are produced or practically used in war.Therefore, some people claim that war is a necessary link to promote the progress of human society.
If the following items are true, which of the following can most refute the above view is:
A.War can cause irreparable harm to humanity
B.Creativity and invention in war are not very useful in daily life
C.Good external conditions in peaceful times are more conducive to scientific and technological exchanges and integration of ideas
D.A good science and technology atmosphere in peacetime is more conducive to the creation and practical application of creative inventions

d
A polygraph has been shown to be sometimes deceived.If the subject does not know that he is lying, when he actually tells a lie, the polygraph is worthless.
According to this:
A.Polygraphs are often inaccurate
B.Polygraph is of little value in design
C.Some liars can easily fool a polygraph
D.Polygraphs sometimes require the subjective judgment of the user

a
An American zoologist put a large mirror in front of a chimpanzee's cage to observe their response.They can recognize themselves from the mirror and often look for the part of their body that they can't usually see in the mirror.Close relatives have no such ability.
From this we can infer:
A.Chimpanzees are more capable than gorillas in some ways
B.Chimpanzees and gorillas are closer, but they still have better intelligence
C.This ability of the chimpanzee is related to the environment in which it lives
D.There are other animals in the animal kingdom that have this ability

b
Aggressive children are prone to an aggressive behavior after taking too much sugar, so doctors in the United States often use sugar reduction methods to treat children with aggressive behavior.
From this we can infer:
A.Banning children from sugar is the best way to treat children's tendency to attack
B.Changing people's behavior can sometimes be achieved by changing their diet
C.Children who eat more sugar are more aggressive
D.The sweetness of sugar can stimulate people's aggressiveness

c
A research survey shows that in the general population, people who sleep less than 4 hours a night are at a 73% higher risk of developing obesity than those who sleep 7-7 hours a night, compared with an average daily People who sleep for only five hours have a 50% higher risk.The researchers, therefore, concluded that lack of sleep can easily make people obese.
If the following are true, the above conclusions are most supported:
A.Lack of sleep is associated with an increased incidence of diabetes, and most people with diabetes are obese
B.Lack of sleep can easily lead to chronic fatigue syndrome, which makes people unwilling to participate in physical exercise
C.People with insufficient sleep have the same diet and exercise habits as those who sleep between 7 and 9 hours a night
D.Insufficient sleep can lead to a decrease in the concentration of lipoproteins in the human body, which has the function of suppressing appetite

d
Recently affected by abnormal weather, the grape production in Turpan has been reduced, and the price has increased by 50% compared with the same period last year, which has greatly increased the cost of the winemaking industry.It is estimated that the price of wine will increase significantly from last year.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above point:
A.The wine production process has been greatly improved in recent years
B.The price of grapes last year was the lowest ever.
C.Climate has less impact on grape production than experts estimate
D.In addition to Turpan, grapes can also be provided in other regions

d
The factors that affect the nutrition and pharmacological quality of tea, in addition to the content of trace elements and the soil components in the tea-producing area, the amino acid content of its main components is closely related to meteorological conditions.Research analysis shows that the amino acid content of fresh leaves is related to the temperature during the tea harvest period, sunshine It is negatively correlated with precipitation and air relative humidity.
If the following are true, the conclusions that can weaken the above analysis are:
A.Most regions in northern China have low temperatures and little rain in spring, and tea grows slowly.
B.Alpine cloud mist tea increases with increasing latitude
C.Famous teas are mostly grown in clouds, humid air, and mild climates.
D.In the Pingchuan area in summer, the sunshine time is long, the rainfall is abundant, and the amino acid content of fresh leaves increases.

d
The psychological contract refers to the implicit responsibilities and expectations of the two parties between the individual and the organization that is not expressly stipulated.
According to the above definition, which of the following is measures to establish a psychological contract?
A.In order to increase employee motivation, the best monthly performers can enjoy double pay
B.To resolve employee worries, sign lifetime contracts with outstanding employees
C.In order to attract outstanding talents, promise to provide employees with interest-free loans for housing purchases
D.Combining the company's development blueprint to provide employees with career design

a
Hospice care refers to providing medical, nursing, psychological, social and other multi-faceted care for end-of-life patients so that each patient's life is respected, symptoms are controlled, and quality of life is improved.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is not considered hospice?
A.Lao Zhao has advanced liver cancer, and doctors do their best to treat it and extend their life at all costs
B.Pharaoh hopes to return to his hometown in the late stages of renal failure, he was agreed to be discharged after receiving pain management
C.Lao Li's late stage of leukemia, doctors treat him conservatively, with appropriate painting and music therapy
D.Old Liu has advanced gastric cancer, and a university organizes volunteers to chat with him every day

c
The confession arbitrariness rule means that only true statements based on the free will of a criminal suspect, confessing guilt, have the power of evidence.
According to the above definition, which of the following is practices that comply with the confession arbitrariness rule?
A.Interrogation should be suspended to avoid false statements
B.The guilty statement of the suspect must be consistent with the collected evidence
C.The criminal suspect claims that he is not guilty and can not bear the burden of proof
D.Condition of light punishment in exchange for a guilty plea of the criminal suspect

c
Imprint learning refers to learning behaviors that occur in the early stages of animal life and are formed by direct impressions.Although imprint learning behaviors occur early, they also have a certain impact on later behaviors.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not imprinted learning behaviors?
A.The sheep approaches and tries to stay with the owner who has fed it
B.Zebra finches fed by people will court their fingers
C.Ewe marks her offspring with tongue lamb
D.A newborn mallard follows a moving object

b
The survey shows that 59.4% of the public feel that the phenomenon of "reverse elimination" is widespread in the current society, and 18.8% of them feel "very much." The so-called "reverse elimination", in short, means that bad elimination is good, and poor quality is eliminated Outstanding, mediocre elimination and other phenomena.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following is the phenomenon of reverse elimination?
A.A company has a leading satellite phone technology with high voice quality and wide coverage, but the maintenance cost of the technology is high.Later the company made ends meet and declared bankruptcy
B.Some expensive cough medicines in the market are not as effective as commonly used medicines at low prices, but in fact, commonly used medicines have a small market share
C.Many companies have people who complain about their work.As a result, any company that has complained about their work must be more successful than a company without such people.
D.A graduated from a prestigious university and B who graduated from an ordinary university entered a well-known international company at the same time, but A has not been promoted, but B has gradually been recognized by the company.

a
Reverse service is after the product (service) is sold, the company provides customers with services to realize the value of the product (service).
According to the above definitions, which of the following is are not reverse services?
A.A telecom operator launched a preferential activity of "send phone calls to send mobile phones"
B.An air conditioner manufacturer provides customers with free on-site repair services for life
C.An online store can offer free returns and exchanges within 7 days after the sale of goods
D.A car 4S shop provides customers with second-hand car valuation and transfer services

c
Some products are carefully designed to make the products convenient and efficient, can bring customers a sense of comfort, and do not need to read complicated instructions or ask others for help when using them.Some products, on the contrary, do not take into account the user's habits and needs.People will encounter difficulties or puzzles during use.This type of product is known as the Norman product.
According to the above definition, which of the following is Norman products?
A.The quality of the bottom pulley of a large wooden wardrobe is poor, and it is difficult for users to pull the door open.
B.It is difficult to clear a certain online game.Many players ask for help online to crack the levels.
C.The shape and size of the car radio button and other device switches are the same, it is difficult for users to distinguish which one is the radio button
D.There is a 300-page manual attached to the precision experimental equipment of a technology company.Most people think that there are too many terms in it and it is difficult to read.

c
Self-construction refers to an individual's behavioral performance to show that he is consistent with the established social identity or social image in the minds of others.
According to the above definition, which of the following is self-constructed?
A.The 16-year-old girl Huan Huan often imitates the performances of Repertory Theatre actors and gets up early to practice as she does.She herself hopes to become a play actor in the future.
B.A company set a corporate mission to serve society at the beginning of its establishment.Later, it established a number of hope primary schools in remote mountain areas, which established a good image of the company's enthusiasm for social welfare.
C.Some entrepreneurs often wear expensive suits and sit in limousines.Some people think this is "show off their wealth", but they think that if it is not the case, they will not be recognized by their peers.
D.Different airlines require our flight attendants to wear different uniforms.They think that the image of employees will affect the company's image in the minds of passengers.

d
Agricultural subsidies usually refer to the financial or financial support provided by the government of a country's agricultural product producers or operators, including cash subsidies, price support or other preferential policies to make its agricultural products in the international, domestic market and Gain a competitive advantage over similar subsidized products.
According to the above definition, which of the following is agricultural subsidies?
A.In order to stabilize the price of agricultural products, in addition to the reduction and exemption policy of the stall rent of the farmers' market operators, a city government also stipulates that if the stall rent is lower than the specified amount, the operator can be granted a subsidy ranging from 10% to 40%.
B.In the market of country A.the government purchases corn grown by farmers at a price higher than the international market and sells it at a low price to encourage farmers to plant corn.A company in the country uses corn as the main feed to cultivate broiler chickens and then exports it to country B in large quantities.
C.Area A is mainly grassland, and the grassland is degraded due to overgrazing.According to the situation in the area, the national government grants herders 8 to 10 years of subsidies and asks them to reduce the livestock and livestock raised, which leads to higher prices of beef and lamb in the market Up
D.The government of a country matches the farmers and the Rice Research Institute so that farmers in the country plant new varieties of rice.The quality and yield of this type of rice has been greatly improved, making the country's rice export prices almost the same as those on the international market

d
Policy loss refers to the loss caused by the state price limit in the process of producing and operating a certain commodity in order to ensure the coordinated development of the national economy and the stability of people's lives.Such losses are reasonably compensated by the financial department after review.
According to the above definition, which of the following is policy losses?
A.In 2012, the direct subsidy for a certain grain increased to 120 yuan per mu, and the subsidy funds will be distributed to the grain farmers through the "Provincial Finance Agricultural subsidy one book pass" to compensate the farmers for the increased grain cost.
B.The state has issued a policy to increase the minimum wheat purchase protection price.A grain and oil company snapped up wheat in order to explore the market, and sold a large amount of flour below the market price, resulting in losses.
C.In order to achieve the goal of agricultural modernization, the government increased its capital investment in agricultural production and transformation.Under this situation, an agricultural machinery company expanded its production scale and caused losses, and received tax refund compensation.
D.Grain purchase and sale enterprises in a county in the process of parity grains and oils regulated by the government, due to high national grain protection prices but low sales prices of grain and oil products, the financial department gave a fixed subsidy

a
Evaporative cooling refers to the fact that a liquid absorbs heat during the process of evaporation into a gas, thereby reducing the surrounding temperature to achieve a cooling effect.The evaporative cooling effect refers to the value of a group in a social group composed of people with the same purpose or similar interests.The overall temperature is similar.When higher value members leave the community, the average value of the community itself will decrease.
According to the above definition, which of the following is evaporative cooling effects?
A.After the head of a hip-hop club of a college graduated and left school, the club did not get a better place in the hip-hop competition.
B.A singer of a well-known pop music singing group died unexpectedly, and a large number of fans believe that the singer's departure caused the group's overall singing level to be greatly reduced.
C.Some teachers of an educational institution left the institution to start their own education company, making the situation of the institution's competition in the market more severe
D.The number of film review groups on a social networking site was small at the beginning and the quality of film reviews was high.Later, a large number of people joined this group to upload film reviews, which reduced the overall quality of film reviews here.

b
Freelance mode refers to the conversion of some people's wisdom, knowledge, abilities, and experience into actual gains through the Internet.They solve problems in science, technology, work, work, and learning on the Internet to allow knowledge, experience, and skills.Generate economic value.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is a freelance model?
A.A non-profit website set up by a college student to answer primary and middle school students' free questions have been well received by students and parents.A local educational institution sponsored the expansion of this website to help more students.
B.An IT technician started a small company in his spare time, mainly helping others repair computers remotely on the network
C.A university graduate opened a clothing store on a B2C website and used his network resources to make the online store quickly profitable
D.The photographic work on a film artist's personal website attracted a large number of netizens to browse and forward it.Later, the photographer relied on publishing photographic equipment ads on the website to bring a lot of income.

c
The traditional view is that although the depleted uranium used to make depleted uranium bombs is low in time, it can still cause damage to human chromosomes, which can cause tumors or cancer.However, in a recent study, researchers reported that veterans exposed to depleted uranium bombs were discharged.The blood cells of the veterans have been studied.So far, no chromosome breaks and duplications have been detected, and no negative health effects caused by exposure to depleted uranium bombs have been found.Therefore, relevant researchers believe that low-depleted uranium depleted bombs will not be harmful to human health Make an impact.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken a researcher's conclusion?
A.Residents of a certain place have filed a lawsuit with the court, claiming that the country's military test of depleted uranium bombs has affected the health of the residents of the place
B.Many image experts in the world are working to solve the radioactivity problem of depleted uranium bombs
C.Data show that the offspring of these veterans have a higher rate of birth defects than normal
D.People who have not been exposed to depleted uranium bombs can also have tumors or cancer

c
The media have powerful and irresistible power.The information they convey is like a bullet hits the body and the medicament is injected into the skin on the recipient.The audience is completely passive, waiting passively and receiving various ideas infused by the media., Feelings, knowledge, personality differences of the audience's response to the information provided by the mass media can be ignored.
If the following are true, what will most weaken the above point?
A.A person must inevitably cause a specific response to a specific stimulus
B.Adhering to the needs of readers does not create maximum benefits for the audience
C.Society is generally worried about the vulgarization of TV programs
D.Abolition of the film rating system has not affected the number and composition of its audience

c
Researchers have bred some kind of fry in normal seawater and seawater containing twice the carbon dioxide concentration.The fry grows up and is put into a maze.Whenever they encounter obstacles, the fish that hatch in normal seawater will choose the right one, However, fish that hatch under high carbon dioxide concentrations randomly choose to turn left or right, so that this fish has less chance of survival when it encounters natural enemies.Therefore, researchers believe that in high carbon dioxide environments Hatching fish will weaken their ability to survive.
Which of the following, if true, cannot support that conclusion?
A.About one-third of the carbon dioxide produced by humans burning fossil fuels is absorbed by the oceans on Earth, which makes the seawater gradually acidify, which will soften the shell and bones of marine life
B.Low oxygen levels in marine areas with high levels of carbon dioxide.Less oxygen makes it difficult for marine life to breathe, foraging, avoiding predators, and breeding offspring become more difficult
C.Carbon dioxide is an important nutrient for many marine plants.They convert the carbon dioxide absorbed by the leaves and the water transported by the roots into sugar, starch, and oxygen under sunlight.
D.The clownfish juveniles are raised in seawater with high carbon dioxide concentration, and the sounds made by natural enemies are played.As a result, the group of small fishes cannot hear the sound

c
The researchers completed two memory experiments.In the first experiment, the participants learned 40 groups of words.In the second experiment, the participants learned a series of finger signals.In both experiments, only half of the participants were told that they would be tested after 10 hours.All participants on the test will be tested.Only a part of the participants will take a nap between learning and testing.It was found that the participants in the sleeping group performed better than those who did not sleep; participants who were told to test in advance The test scores were also high, so researchers believe that sleep helps the brain store memory information that will be useful in the future.
If the following are true, which of the following is the most rebuttable conclusion?
A.The participants in Experiment 1 are all young people with good memory and studying in a language major.
B.Some participants who were told to take the test did not fall asleep when they were napping, and they unconsciously reviewed what they had learned in their brains
C.Participants who arrange napping time are younger teenagers, and it is well known that people have a better memory in their teenage years
D.Some of the participants who took a nap in Experiment 2 took the test with a relaxed attitude and achieved good results.

d
The affluent generation of Chinese parents is still in the "primary stage" of family education.They are accustomed to satisfying material desires, and "snatch away" with money to help children "win at the starting line." Let go to express your love for children and the importance of education.Happiness is really simple for a simple child.Caring parents do n’t have so many expectations and requirements, let go of their anxiety, not so much for the society, the system, the grievances of others, simply stay with the children, create a safer environment for them, and spend a happy and beautiful day together.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Caring for children will bring them more happiness than money
B.Letting children "win at the starting line" is a wrong idea
C.Satisfying the child's material desires is also a way to love children
D.Children want their parents to accompany rather than send them to cram school

b
A unit will evaluate all employees at the end of the year, and there are five awards, including the best professional award, the best creative award, the best collaboration award, the best writing award, and the star award of the year.The annual star award can no longer select the best creative award and the best professional award; if the collaborative award is selected, the writing award can no longer be obtained; if the professional award is selected, the collaborative award can no longer be obtained.Each person can get up to two awards There are a total of 3 employees in the Comprehensive Department, all of which have won all awards, but each award is different.It is known that Employee A received the Star Award, and some of Employee B and Employee C received the Writing Award.
It follows that the following guess must be correct?
A.If B wins the writing award, he also receives a professional award
B.If B wins the collaboration award, B and C each receive two awards
C.If B wins the Writing Award and the Creativity Award, then A must receive only one award
D.If C wins the collaboration award, then B must not win the professional award

c
Tree branches and the stalks of many plants often contain large amounts of difficult-to-decompose lignin, so the efficiency of using them to refine biofuels is greatly reduced.Currently, a bacterium called Rhodococcus is found.The ability of lignin in other plants, therefore, it is believed that Rhodococcus can be widely used in previously discarded stalks, thereby greatly improving the utilization of biofuels.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Rhodococcus can secrete an enzyme that has the ability to decompose lignin, it seems that its secretory ability shows periodic cross-talk
B.Some fungi also have the ability to break down lignin, and studies have found that the growth of these fungi requires specific temperatures and humidity
C.Rhodococcus is easy to culture.Currently, Rhodococcus has been genetically sequenced, so Rhodococcus can be used to produce lignin-degrading enzymes on a large scale.
D.Lignin is a high-quality polymer material.So far, more than 95% of the essential elements have been directly discharged into the river or concentrated and burned, and rarely used effectively.

c
All wars and confusions occur when there is no negotiation and no reason to speak.Reasoning and negotiation are inseparable from language.However, where there is no language, there is automatic reasoning.Where there is language, there must be freedom to have it.Reasonable.
Can it be launched from this?
A.All wars and chaos occur because there is no freedom
B.Not all wars and chaos occur when negotiation is unreasonable and unreasonable
C.Without freedom and reason, war and chaos may occur
D.Where there are language and freedom, there is no war

c
Scientists have found that childhood exposure to bacteria and germs is one of the main reasons for the dramatic increase in diabetes cases in people under the age of 5 in recent years, and that children living in rural areas have more opportunities to interact with pets due to earlier exposure to infectious substances The chances of getting rid of allergies, asthma, and eczema are very low, so an environment that destroys bacteria too thoroughly may actually harm children's health.
Which of the following, if true, would strongly support the above conclusion?
A.Newborn baby's body and body are sterile, but after starting to drink milk and drinking water, the bacteria will take the opportunity to enter the body
B.Bacteria on human skin mostly protect and create a unique body odor for everyone
C.Most bacteria are good for your health, and people's health and longevity cannot be separated from normal flora.
D.Many harmful bacteria are usually safe with the human body.When the body's immunity decreases, the bacteria begin to invade the human body.

b
Researchers believe that obesity is related to the parasitism of certain microorganisms that can produce specific gases in the human body.These microorganisms make the breath they exhale more unpleasant.The CS Medical Center in Los Angeles, California analyzed the breath of 792 physical examiners and found that exhaled methane and hydrogen The high-bodied person has a height and body mass index (BMI) 2.4 points higher than that of normal people, which means that they are obese.
Cannot be inferred from the above description:
A.Fatty people may be parasitic in certain gas-producing microorganisms
B.Whether the breather is obese can be determined by whether the gas is difficult to treat
C.People with high methane and hydrogen content in exhaled breath are fatter than normal people
D.The mixture of methane and hydrogen tastes bad

d
Low-calorie foods are foods that contain smaller carbohydrates such as starch and sugars.By eating low-calorie foods, you can effectively control your energy intake and prevent excess energy from being stored in the body in the form of fat.If your weight is already heavy People who eat low-calorie foods can achieve weight loss while maintaining satiety.In addition, many people believe that low-calorie foods are also very beneficial for patients with diabetes.
Which of the following is true and best supports the above inference?
A.Changing to low-calorie foods needs to be carried out gradually, otherwise, it will cause metabolic disorders in the body
B.Studies show that a low-calorie diet can reduce fat deposition in the pancreas and restore insulin secretion
C.Low-calorie food can appropriately increase the amount of food to satisfy satiety and enjoy the pleasure of fullness
D.Low-calorie foods can reduce the weight of people who are overweight or diabetic but need to be supplemented with other nutrients

a
Carbon credit, also known as carbon right, means that under the conditions of certification by the United Nations or a United Nations-recognized emission reduction organization, a country or enterprise reduces carbon emissions by increasing energy use efficiency, reducing pollution or reducing development, so that it can enter the carbon trading market.A unit of carbon emissions measurement, one carbon credit is equivalent to one ton of carbon dioxide emissions.
The carbon emissions of a coal-fired power plant last year exceeded the standard.According to the above definition, the corresponding practice of the power plant does not include:
A.Relocate the plant from the suburbs of the city to the seafood side
B.Reduce the total power generation of the plant throughout the year
C.Improve equipment to improve heat source conversion efficiency
D.Buy carbon credits to achieve emissions standards

b
Administrative inaction is an administrative illegal act by an administrative organ for a qualified application of a citizen, legal person, or other organization that should perform a certain act or performs a certain statutory duty, but refuses to perform or delay the performance without justified reasons.
According to the above definitions, the actions of administrative organs in the following options are not administrative inactions:
A.Wang asked the local transportation bureau to inform about the car maintenance fee-charging standards, but he did not reply for three months.
B.Chen worked for a city construction bureau for many years and met the application for title evaluation, and the application for title evaluation was rejected
C.Lin complained that a city pharmaceutical company sold counterfeit drugs, and a city drug regulatory bureau rejected it because it was not in charge
D.He was injured because of stopping the construction of illegal buildings, and the public security organs ignored the illegal buildings.

d
Anti-social personality crimes are crimes committed by perpetrators based on anti-social metamorphosis.Perpetrators are characterized by ① no obvious defects in intelligence and mentality, no delusions or other thinking obstacles; ② most have inferior records, how many Second, there are many types of disciplinary, illegal, and criminal behaviors; ③ impulsive behavior, lack of thoughtfulness and clear motivation; ④ no regret and self-blame, after the correction or serving a sentence, the crime is still as usual, and it is difficult to control.
Which of the following options are correct for the mental intelligence of the perpetrators.Among them, the ones that best meet the characteristics of anti-social personality crime are:
A.Chen often suspects that someone is tracking himself, and Li will stab himself after walking one day after work
B.Lin was late for work many times and was scolded by the leader in public.Lin felt humiliated and severely injured the leader.
C.Wu has a history of theft, and one day he was robbed from work, and the robber was disabled in the fight with the robber
D.Wang strolled on the street and suddenly stabbed a stranger, Guo, and then smashed a car parked on the side of the road

a
"Citizen participation" is a planned action.It allows citizens to participate in the administrative decision-making process and prevents and resolves the relationship between citizens and government agencies and development units, citizens and citizens through two-way communication between government departments and the public.conflict.
Which of the following options does not conform to the above definition?
A.A city's propaganda department issued a proposal calling on all citizens to "green travel", and 100,000 people responded to support
B.A municipal government publicly proposed a new landfill site selection plan and deferred after receiving 100,000 objections
C.A county government plans to introduce two tea seed oil production lines in the industrial park, and organize a discussion among nearby villagers
D.Residents have repeatedly complained to a city's people's congress on the approval of the project by the Planning Bureau, and the project was stopped before implementation.

a
The principle of proximate cause is that the insurer assumes insurance liability for losses caused by the insured incident that is the direct and closest cause, and is not liable for losses caused by causes outside the scope of insurance.According to this principle, liability is not It depends on the proximity in time or space, but on whether the risk accident leading to the loss of the subject-matter insured is within the scope of coverage.If there are multiple reasons for the loss of insurance, the most direct and effective is the determining factor, and The cause of the unavoidable accident is the proximate cause.
According to the above definition, Which of the following reasons are not proximate:
A.Zhang accidentally fell while hunting at night, and died of pneumonia caused by a cold while waiting for rescue.The cause of his death was a fall.
B.Wang's insurance vehicle suffered from heavy rain soaking into the cylinder, and the engine was damaged when he forced to start the vehicle.The reason for the damage was heavy rain.
C.Storm call pole collapsed, a short circuit caused sparks to ignite the warehouse, inventory goods burned out, and the loss was due to the storm
D.Water entering the ship, the water contained in the leather rots, and the rotting odor causes the tobacco in the adjacent cabin to deteriorate.The reason for the damage to the ship is the water entering the ship.

c
The environmental mark is also called the green mark and ecological mark.It means that a government department or public organization issues a certificate to the relevant manufacturer according to certain environmental standards to prove that the production, use, and disposal of its products all meet environmental protection requirements, which is harmless or harmful to the environment.A specific mark that is very rare and is also conducive to the regeneration and recycling of resources.The only certification body for environmental labels in China is the China Environmental Product Certification Committee and its secretariat.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options do not meet the requirements of environmental labeling:
A.Company A's products are not within the scope of China's environmental labeling product certification, but it still has the right to report to the certification body an environmental labeling product category proposal form
B.Sports shoes produced by Company C received environmental label certification in 2012.According to the timeliness of the environmental label, the label still needs to apply for environmental label certification after 3 years.
C.Company B's pollutant emissions do not meet national emission standards, but as long as its energy-saving fluorescent lamps meet the certification conditions, its products can still obtain environmental label certification
D.The company has the right to use the certified environmental label graphics on its products and packaging that have obtained environmental label certification, and it can also use the graphics in advertising of certified products.

a
The elements of poverty include not only indicators of material and income levels, but also capacity indicators, that is, the deprivation of basic human capabilities and rights.Poverty in rights is a state of poverty that lacks basic human rights in politics, economy, culture, and society.Poverty in rights is the core of poverty Material poverty is a specific manifestation of poverty, and rights poverty is the root cause of material poverty.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are not considered to be rights-poor:
A.Zhang graduated from university and became a member of the "ant family" in Beijing with low income.
B.Xin's house was forcibly demolished, leaving a family without a place of residence.His complaint was repeatedly detained during the petition.
C.Li worked in a private company in Shenzhen for many years, but lost his ability to work due to an injury, but he did not receive any compensation.
D.Wang was kindly rescued but was blackmailed because he had no evidence to prove innocent and was ordered to bear all medical expenses

d
Transaction cost refers to the sum of various resources that need to be paid to reach cooperation in transactional activities such as negotiation, negotiation, and performance of agreements.As long as transaction activities exist, transaction costs exist, and it has become an integral part of human society.
Which of the following options are not part of transaction costs:
A.It took two days for a company to search for transaction information
B.Pharaoh paid 5,000 yuan to the agent for the contract in the purchase of the house
C.A factory spends 500,000 yuan to purchase patents in order to develop production
D.A company pays five million yuan for breach of contract

c
Social dialect is a language variant formed by the different nature of social groups.It is a language used in a social group, social class or subcultural group.It is composed of different occupations, social status, political beliefs, and education.Degree factors or the linguistic differences formed by the community communication habits of these factors.The main differences are the language style and expression, and the use of some special words.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are not part of the social dialect:
A.Noble language
B.Student cavity
C.Legal terms
D.Hakka

c
Symbols are markers that people collectively agree to refer to a certain object.It can include all phenomena that show meaning in any form through feeling.In these phenomena, something that can be felt is the embodiment of the object's meaning.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options are consistent:
A.Tongue coating observed during TCM diagnosis
B.Compass used by people in the wild
C.Traffic lights for crossroads
D.The smell of human body when search-and-rescue dog rescue people

a
A new U.S.study has found that the rhythm of the human body's physiological response is consistent with the day and night, and once this rhythm is disrupted, the immune system's resistance to disease will decrease.
If the following are true, the above view can be weakened most:
A.Jets to different time zones are prone to headaches and nausea
B.Staying up late can cause excessive gastric acid secretion and induce gastric ulcer
C.Drinking plenty of water immediately after long-distance running can easily destroy the metabolic balance in the body and cause disease
D.Patients with birth defects of the immune system, even with a normal diet, have a high probability

a
The study found that small changes in water temperature in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans are closely related to the area of fires in the Amazon rainforest area in South America.Building a mathematical model of this relationship can be used to predict fire conditions in the Amazon rainforest area in the coming year.
Which of the following, if true, would best support this view?
A.Atlantic seawater temperature rises by 0.2 ° C, and the area under fire in the Amazon rainforest increases by 11% the following year
B.Increased seawater temperature will cause water evaporation, resulting in reduced precipitation, drought or fire
C.Although seawater temperature changes are small, they may have important impacts on tropical rainforest ecosystems
D.Water temperature in the Arctic Ocean and other areas can predict the incidence and area of Siberian rain forest fires nearby

c
Mosquitoes can transmit a variety of diseases, such as malaria, filariasis, Japanese encephalitis, etc.Some people worry that when a mosquito bites an HIV-infected person, the HIV present in the mosquito will be transmitted from person to person when it bites the next person.Researchers point out that such fears are unnecessary.
If the following are true, which most supports the researcher's point is:
A.HIV-infected people do not always have high levels of HIV in their bloodstream
B.Mosquito bites HIV-infected person may not immediately bite the next person
C.Mosquitoes inhale blood through the esophagus, this blood inhalation is always one-way
D.Children are susceptible to mosquito bites, but they rarely have HIV infections

b
Researchers have discovered that bacteria are like simplified versions of humans.They have self-awareness, have their own language, live in groups, make friends and make enemies, like to peek into the privacy of neighbors, and pass on rumors, even kill hands and feet.Each of them performs their duties and cooperates with each other to promote the stability of the club.
If the following are true, the above questions can be questioned most:
A.By releasing a substance, bacteria can call cluster members to perform various tasks
B.Bacterial life is extremely monotonous.Instead of eating alone, you are self-reproducing.
C.Newly developed drugs that block bacterial communication can replace common antibiotics
D.Cholera, pneumonia, and food poisoning are actually the consequences of the accumulation of various bacteria

d
Science is the process of continuously approaching the truth, and we are convinced that a large part of the unquestionable things will expire, and all who understand this understand that the constant update of knowledge in the development process is the right way for scientific progress.However, this process sometimes Confusing and disturbing.
If the following are true, the above questions can be questioned most:
A.Should babies sleep on their backs or on their backs? Is it safe for pregnant women to smoke and drink? The answer is different from one generation to the next
B.Medical school teachers will tell students that half of what they have learned in five years will not apply
C.I always thought the name "Thunder Dragon" was correct, but then I realized that there is no Thunder Dragon at all
D.Smoking is harmful to health is confirmed by a lot of scientific research and facts, this conclusion is difficult to change so far

d
Mineral exploration personnel have observed that although different colors and shapes of mineral crystals have different names and appearances, they may be crystals of the same chemical composition under different physical and chemical conditions, and generally have different structures.Physical characteristics: So different mineral types can have the same chemical composition.
Which of the following options best support the above assertions:
A.Carbon dioxide and dry ice have different names and appearances
B.Mineral crystals of different colors change color when exposed to air
C.Analytical instruments can quickly determine the chemical composition of mineral crystals
D.Silica can have 12 different mineral crystals

a
Psychological studies abroad have shown that when you encounter someone who offends you, if you choose to forgive the offender, the offender will be more likely to feel psychological remorse and have internal guilt.Therefore, the possibility of similar offensive behavior occurring Will be greatly reduced.
Based on the above points, we can introduce:
A.Offenders forgiving offenders may help to influence offenders
B.If you do not forgive the offender, similar offenses will inevitably increase
C.Frequent forgiveness of offenders may reduce your chances of being offended
D.Forgiveness is the only way to avoid recurrence

c
According to the latest research by economists, when the annual income is below $ 10,000, the happiness of family members will increase significantly with the increase of family income.However, once the annual income reaches more than $ 10,000, even if the economy continues to prosper, the family income continues to increase, but family members' happiness increases slowly.
Based on the above points, we can deduce:
A.Families with less than $ 10,000 in annual income may be happier
B.Studies show that there is no direct relationship between happiness and money
C.Survey shows that happiness increases with annual household income
D.Families earning more than $ 10,000 will face a crisis of well-being

b
Relevant research shows that mobile phones are more harmful than computers.Because the screen of a mobile phone is small, the mobile phone is more devoted to attention, and the eyes are not clear, so it hurts the eyes.When using a computer, people's limbs can still move, but "mobile phone control "Often there is little activity, which is more detrimental to physical and mental health.
If the following are true, the above conclusions can be weakened most:
A.During the use of the computer, the display screen will emit electromagnetic and ionizing radiation
B.The computer background light is more likely to cause users' vision loss and headaches than mobile phones
C.Scientific research shows that using cell phones has nothing to do with the incidence of brain tumors and cancer
D.People who use computers for a long time are prone to "computer diseases" such as mouse hands and cervical spondylosis.

a
Irregular demand refers to a demand situation where the market demand for certain goods or services fluctuates greatly in different seasons, different days of the week, or even different times of the day.
According to the above definition, which of the following is an irregular requirement?
A.Taxis are in short supply in the morning and evening rush hours
B.An electric store celebrates a discount
C.A museum introduces a group of Van Gogh paintings touring, and tourists flock
D.A toothbrush of a certain brand is divided into soft, hard, and three types to target different consumers

d
Sports participation refers to the attitude and behavioral performance of actively participating in sports activities.People who often participate in sports activities can cultivate and develop their interests and hobbies in sports.Form the habit of physical exercise and make sports activities an important part of life.Participation in sports in the school field requires students to have an attitude and behavior that actively participates in physical activities, master the knowledge and methods of scientific fitness, and develop the habit of insisting on physical exercise.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are involved in sports:
A.Xiaoqiang has a weak constitution.In order to strengthen his physique, he began to participate in sports.
B.To nurture a child's interest, the niche father often takes him to swim
C.Xiao Zhang is passionate about tennis matches and will often watch various tennis matches
D.Xiao Li loves running, as long as he has time, he will participate in the marathon

c
The red leaf theory believes that the success of a person's career does not lie in the number of red leaves, but in whether he has a particularly large red leaf.This particularly large red leaf is not innate and requires continuous efforts based on personal advantages.To get.
According to the above definition, which of the following can be explained by the red leaf theory?
A.Although Liu is occasionally late, he is responsible for his work and has a team spirit.
B.Xiao Zhang studied math in his undergraduate program, but he felt that the math program was boring, so he chose to study for a master's degree in economics.
C.Li's sales ability and financial level are average, but he is particularly sensitive to the market.He worked hard to develop this advantage and finally became an entrepreneur.
D.Xiaowen is an English student, but her spoken language is not good.She minored in international law and eventually became an excellent lawyer.

c
Biological studies have found that most of the ants in the swarm are very hardworking, looking for and carrying food scrambled, while a few ants look away.When the food source is cut off or the ant nest is destroyed, those industrious ants are helpless.The ant "comes forward" and leads its partners to the new food source it has already detected.This is the so-called lazy ant effect.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are the lazy ant effects:
A.Communications engineers are well paid, working hours are free, and they are good at solving technical problems
B.In the financial crisis, a foreign trade company has overcome difficulties by means of diversified operations
C.An automobile company encourages employee innovation and allows employees to delve into technology during work hours
D.A manager employs eclecticism and values tenacity and integrity, not academic background

d
The alternative causality means that two or more perpetrators have performed dangerous acts that may cause harm to others and have caused the consequences of the harm, but it is impossible to determine who is the perpetrator.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following causal relationships are optional:
A.A poisons B in B's drinking water.After B drinks, he quarrels with C because of trivial matters before the poisoning.C Yi stabs B with a knife while angry.
B.A and B have kidnapped C together.A is responsible for asking C's family for a ransom.In order to avoid being recognized by C, B cruelly kills C.
C.A and B people caused damage to the goods due to improper operation during the unloading process
D.A.B, and C went out hunting with the same shotgun and bullets.A and B saw a prey appearing near C.Both shot at the same time, and one of them shot C.

b
"Climate refugees" refers to people whose lives are threatened by special climatic factors such as climate warming.This is a growing ethnic group.A report published by a foundation states that in the next 40 years, about 500 to 600 million people will be globally Everyone is in danger of becoming a "climate refugee."
Those who are forced to migrate in the following description are not "climate refugees":
A.Hurricane Katrina flees many residents off the coast of Mexico
B.Indian Ocean tsunami led to the forced migration of residents in India, Thailand and other countries
C.The desertification of the land has destroyed the once prosperous Loulan country, and the people have relocated
D.Rising sea levels allow Maldivian leaders to find another shelter for their citizens

d
The primary group refers to a social group formed by face-to-face interaction with intimate interpersonal relationships and strong emotional colors; the second group refers to members whose members come together for a specific purpose and are bound by clear rules and regulations.Social groups that form formal relationships.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following relate to subgroups:
A.Xiao Zhao is going to school in a big city, and the folks in the mountains all go to the village entrance to see him off
B.After 20 years, Xiao Zhang's childhood companion established a WeChat group
C.Friends and relatives came to the scene to cheer Xiao Li
D.Xiao Wang was admitted to graduate school, and colleagues of the company celebrated him together

d
Stem cells are found throughout the body and have fascinated scientists because of their ability to become any type of cell, which means that they have the potential to repair or replace damaged tissues.Laser stimulation of stem cell growth is likely to achieve tissue growth, so research People believe that laser technology may be a transformative tool in the medical field.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.The principle of the action of lasers of different wavelengths on body tissues is unclear
B.Cases have shown that lasers can damage children's retina and affect vision
C.Currently, the laser stimulated growth method has not been tested on the human body, and the risk has yet to be evaluated.
D.Using a laser to treat molars with cavities, the damaged dental tissue can gradually recover

b
It is reported that due to a large number of greenhouse gases emitted by human beings, global temperature has continued to rise over the past 150 years.However, compared with 1970 to 1998, the rate of increase in global average surface temperature has slowed significantly since the past 15 years.The rise in temperature is not significant, so global warming is not so severe.
If the following are true, what will most weaken the above argument?
A.Ocean and climate system adjustment processes allow ocean surface heat to be transported to the deep ocean
B.This phenomenon occurred in the 1950s and 1970s, and then began to accelerate warming
C.UN climate experts point out that carbon dioxide concentration in the air is at its highest point in 800,000 years
D.Many natural disasters caused by climate warming in recent years

c
The theory holds that antimatter is the anti-state of normal matter.When positive and antimatter meet, the two sides will annihilate each other, explode, and generate huge energy.Some people believe that antimatter exists because there is no evidence so far that antimatter is nonexistent.
Which of the following is the same as the argument in the stem?
A.Interrogators of Joan of Arc told her that we have no evidence that God had a dialogue with you, that you may be making up or being mentally disordered
B.The theory of animal evolution is correct.For example, Archaeopteryx is a type of creature in the evolution of land creatures to birds.
C.Since it is not possible to prove that a parallel world does not exist, a parallel world exists
D.There are monsters in Tianchi, Changbai Mountain because someone has seen the traces of the monsters' activities in Tianchi

a
It is impossible for a person who does not have a certificate of first-class in Mandarin to become a moderator because the moderator cannot pronounce substandardly.
Which of the following premise is needed for the above argument?
A.People who do not have a first-class certificate will have poor pronunciation
B.Moderators who do not pronounce well may not have first-class certificates
C.A person with a bad pronunciation may get a first-class certificate
D.A non-pronounced moderator cannot be a popular moderator

c
In order to develop a strategy of strengthening the city with culture, in 2008, two libraries have been built in 2008 and 2010.At the end of 2008, a total of more than 70,000 citizens 'library cards were processed, and by the end of 2010, a total of 130,000 citizens' library cards were applied.In 2003, the city established a third library in the new district, which was completed and opened in early 2012.As of the end of 2012, the city had handled more than 200,000 citizen library cards.The city government believes that this measure is effective Because, in just 4 years, the number of citizens patronizing the library has almost tripled.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.The library has to constantly purchase new books, and the maintenance cost is also high, which will affect the construction of other cultural facilities in the city
B.There are two colleges and universities in the city, and many students have also applied for library debit cards from these three libraries.
C.Many citizens who have applied for the first library card have also applied for two other libraries
D.The city's new district construction is developing rapidly, and a large number of immigrants have poured into the new district in 4 years

b
The X molecule has a Y structure, and a large number of atoms are connected in series.A substance composed of the molecule has a strong thermal conductivity in the same type of substance.Obviously, the inclusion of a large number of atoms in the molecule makes the substance extremely strong.Essential for thermal conductivity.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.Some molecules have other structures, they also have a large number of atoms in series, and have strong thermal conductivity.
B.Some substances do not have strong thermal conductivity, but their molecules contain a large number of atoms
C.Some substances have strong thermal conductivity, but their molecules do not have a Y structure
D.Some substances do not have strong thermal conductivity, but their molecules have similar structures

a
Alcohol itself has no significant carcinogenicity, but many epidemiological investigations have found that drinking is positively correlated with the risk of multiple cancers--that is, the incidence of multiple cancers has increased among people who drink alcohol.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above findings?
A.Alcohol, the metabolite of alcohol in the body, can stably attach to DNA molecules, causing cancer or mutation
B.Sweet and hard alcohol is widely consumed in Eastern Europe, where the incidence of esophageal cancer is high
C.Tobacco contains a variety of carcinogenic components, and its metabolites in humans are similar to those of alcohol in humans.
D.Some scientists estimate that 80% of digestive tract cancers can be avoided if Americans quit smoking and drinking

b
In a library, history books related to the Republic of China are only stored in the professional library on the second floor, and foreign books are stored only in the rare reading room on the third floor.A foreign language history book.
From this, you can launch a book borrowed by Kobayashi ___________.
A.It is a collection of books related to the Republic of China
B.Not a collection of books related to the Republic of China
C.is a rare book
D.Not a rare book

a
Data mining (Datamining) refers to the use of methods, such as statistics, information retrieval, pattern recognition, online analysis and processing, and expert systems (depending on past experience), from a large amount of stored data.Information processing is potentially useful information and knowledge.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of data mining applications:
A.A university requires teachers to use an online teaching management system to enter the final exam results of students in order to inform students of their results with the help of SMS group sending software
B.An international express and logistics company uses RFID (radio frequency identification) technology to monitor and adjust the temperature of drug shipments across borders at different points in time.
C.In a large online bookstore, when customers purchase a book, they launch columns such as "The user who bought the product also bought", thereby increasing considerable revenue.
D.A global retail company launched a "diaper beer" promotion after analyzing last year's consumer shopping behavior, resulting in a significant increase in sales of both

b
Non-love behavior refers to the non-love plunder of people close to you in the name of love, that is, contrary to the subjective will of others, to enforce spiritual and behavioral control, forcing the other party to act and do things according to the wishes of the controller Behavior often happens between the closest people, such as couples, lovers, parents, and children.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are non-love behaviors:
A.According to Yishu, Zhang asked her daughter to do traction every three hours to eliminate pain
B.Lin forced his son to practice the piano for 3 hours a day in order to get good results in the piano competition
C.To prevent a mentally ill daughter from escaping, she was locked in the basement to prevent her from entering or leaving
D.Lee asked his son to go to the hospital to accompany the seriously ill mother in accordance with the rotating care agreement

d
The sharing economy refers to the use of online third-party platforms to realize the socialization of production factors based on the temporary transfer of idle resource use rights, improve the use efficiency of existing assets to create more value, and promote the sustainable development of society and economy.
According to the above definition, Which of the following economic activities are not part of the sharing economy:
A.Wang orders a car to the airport on a network platform, convenient and quick
B.Li borrowed stocks on a certain online platform and got expected income
C.Book a homestay on a certain internet platform before traveling, and check in after arrival
D.Zhang buys takeaway food on an online platform and enjoys delicious food at home

c
Self-efficacy is an individual's subjective expectations and inferences about whether he or she can successfully perform a certain behavior to achieve a certain expected effect.When facing difficult tasks, people with low self-efficacy are more concentrated on the problem than those with high self-efficacy.Obstacles, failure effects, and personal defects.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are low self-efficacy:
A.Sinking the boat
B.Painting bread
C.Anxious
D.Seeing things sad

c
Logical thinking is the stage of human rational cognition.It is the process of human understanding of the nature and laws of things.Logical thinking involves both the form of logical thinking and the rules of logical methods, as well as the basic rules of logical thinking.The forms of logical thinking and rules of logical methods refer to The natural language is abstracted as a formal language, forming initial symbols or rules, used to study concepts, judgments, and inferences, and only works in a local scope; the basic laws of logical thinking are the basic principles and basic basis for humans to carry out correct logical thinking, which is generally applicable to people's thinking.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options violate the rules of logical thinking and logical methods:
A.Confusion between different concepts or changing the meaning of the same concept
B.Think of two conflicting or opposing ideas as true
C.There is a mistake in classifying a concept when dividing it
D.Use of unproven hypotheses as sufficient prerequisites for argument

c
Psychological anthropology is an interdisciplinary discipline between cultural anthropology and psychology.It mainly studies and understands the psychological mechanism of culture's influence on members of its society, and finds psychological variables at the individual level and culture, society at the overall level.The relationship between economic, ecological and biological variables.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options fall into the category of psychological anthropology:
A.Comparison of Poetic Styles Before and After May 4th
B.Social mainstream values in contemporary popular discourse
C.Grassland civilization and the development of Mongolian national character
D.Changes in the author's attitude towards father from The Back

c
One study showed that participants were first involved in learning to eliminate prejudice, and the subjects were played with the sounds associated with the elimination of that prejudice learning, and then subjects were put into a deep sleep while repeating those related plays.The linked voice has reactivated learning to eliminate this prejudice.It was found that the prejudice was significantly reduced compared to before sleep, and the higher the quality of sleep, the more the prejudice was reduced.The researchers speculated that sleep intervention can reduce social prejudice and discrimination.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above argument?
A.It is difficult for ordinary people to get sleep interventions to eliminate biased learning
B.People who sleep well and sleep well are less likely to develop prejudice and discrimination than others
C.Discrimination in height is significantly reduced after sleep intervention
D.Some of the subjects receiving sleep interventions were not significantly prejudiced or discriminated against

b
Improving energy efficiency and encouraging flexible use of energy is a necessary link in the UK's policy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.It requires the use of management smart technologies, including the use of smart meters to send energy use information from demanders or customers to energy companies.This information is available for the development and implementation of more efficient energy use regulations, British consumers have different attitudes because when the technology is used to monitor and support energy-efficient use, energy data of residents and households must be passively shared.Passive sharing of personal energy-related data may become a major obstacle to the promotion of smart technologies.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above argument
A.60% of respondents said they are unwilling to reduce personal energy use due to passive data sharing
B.60% of respondents believe that passive sharing of data greatly increases the risk of personal privacy violations
C.60% of respondents said that those who care about climate change are more likely to accept passive sharing of data
D.60% of respondents believe that data cannot be shared, otherwise smart technology cannot be applied

c
A British study found that as long as people drink a 500 ml glass of water half an hour before each meal and persist for 3 months, they can lose 2 to 4 kg of weight.The research team invited 84 overweight adults and randomly divided them into 2 rents.Among them, 41 were required to drink 500 ml of water before meals, and 43 lived as usual.After 3 months, the team found that the average weight of people who drank water before meals had dropped by 4.3 kg: and those who did not drink water before meals People, the average weight only dropped by 0.81 kg, the researchers said.The group of people who did not drink water had an "average amount of exercise" higher than those who drank before meals, which means that drinking proper water before meals can really lose weight.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.The group who drink water before meals also pays attention to diet control
B.Some people who did not drink water before meals lost 4 kg
C.Except for drinking water before meals, the other two groups are the same
D.People who do not drink water before meals will drink more soup and drinks during meals

d
Many parents think that if the child is disobedient, "shit" will punish the child, at least it will make the child notice that they have misbehaved and become more obedient.There are still some people who insist on the tradition of "not strictly controlling the church's spoiled children" Believe that "spanking" is good for children.Researchers have studied the experience of 160,000 children in the past 5 years, and analyzed the metadata of "spanking" behavior and found that: As children grow up, they have many negative effects, such as low IQ and highly aggressive behavior.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.A recent survey shows that most children with relatively low IQs are often spanked by parents
B.Children who are disobedient and are more likely to cause trouble are more likely to be severely punished by their parents
C.Research reports that about 80% of parents worldwide have experienced spanking to discipline their children
D.Children who are confused by spanking only know how to do as parents ask, not think independently

c
The automotive industry, as a representative of the high technological content, intelligence, and industrial concentration in the manufacturing industry, has become the first place for Germany's "Industry 4.0".The Chinese automobile manufacturing industry, which has been in 2.0 industrial thinking for a long time, must have a place in the world It is indispensable to carry out technological innovation and change and senior talents with rich experience, and high salaries and benefits have become a winning magic weapon for attracting talents.
It can be inferred from this:
A.The reform of China's auto manufacturing industry can succeed if it can attract senior talent
B.High salaries and benefits are an important focus for many Chinese workplaces when choosing a career
C.Without technological change, China's automobile manufacturing industry cannot have a global presence
D.German automotive industry has a pivotal position and influence in the world's automotive industry

a
Dutch researchers have been trying to simulate the soil conditions of the moon and Mars for crop cultivation experiments.They have carried out a preliminary analysis of small carrots, peas, rye and tomatoes grown in this experiment.The results of the experiments are promising.Safe and possibly healthier than crops grown on soil on the planet.British media say that edible crops can be planted on Martian soil and hope of colonizing Mars is a step forward
Which of the following, if true, cannot be questioned by British media:
A.Mars soil's proportion of heavy metals is not the same as Earth's soil
B.The potato grows badly in another similar experiment
C.There is a long way to go from experiment to actual implementation
D.Moon, Mars, Earth's climatic conditions are very different

b
A research institute proposed that wet sand was the key to the ancient Egyptians to carry huge stones and statues in the desert.Researchers pointed out that the ancient Egyptians placed heavy stones after the skid and laid a layer of wet before the skid This kind of handling method has an unexpected effect.In the experiment, the researchers used a rheometer to test the hardness of the sand to confirm how much traction is needed to deform a certain amount of sand, and based on this The traction model was designed on it, and it was found that it is easier to move heavy objects when the wet sand is spread before the skid, and the moisture content of the sand determines the hardness and traction of the sand.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion
A.In a mural of an ancient Egyptian tomb, a man stands in front of a skid and seems to be watering
B.Traction force is inversely proportional to the hardness of the sand, and the hardness of the wet sand is twice that of the dry sand
C.The experiment proves that the wet sand laid before the skid is easy to accumulate, forming a large sliding resistance
D.A laboratory version of the Egyptian skid was successfully constructed, which can simulate the actual conditions of an ancient Egyptian construction site

d
If you want to accumulate more than 3.200 billion tons of CO2 emissions from the atmosphere, then by the end of this century, the threshold for controlling the temperature rise to within 20C will not be maintained.Some scientists believe that in order to achieve the goal of controlling the temperature rise to within 20C, only CO2 is restricted It is not enough. It is necessary to carry out large-scale atmospheric CO2 recovery operations on a global scale so that the degree of atmospheric pollution can be effectively controlled and mitigated.
To make the above scientists' ideas work, which of the following needs to be added as the premise most?
A.Universal scientific knowledge on climate change worldwide
B.Governments introduce effective policies to control CO2 emissions
C.The scientific community integrates resources to support the development of geoengineering technology
D.Mechanisms are in place to effectively recover and store CO2

c
Precision medicine refers to the analysis and identification, verification and application of biomarkers for large sample populations and specific disease types based on personalized medicine based on genome, proteomics and other technologies to accurately find the cause and treatment of diseases.Target, and ultimately achieve personalized and precise treatment of diseases and specific patients.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options are not part of precision medicine:
A.A suffers from cancer, doctors comprehensively test its genes and determine treatment options
B.B has recent abnormal dizziness, and the doctor prescribed it over-the-counter after asking for symptoms.
C.Bing claimed that he was allergic to a certain drug when he sought medical treatment, and the doctor designed a medication plan based on his allergy.
D.Ding had insomnia and went to the Chinese hospital for treatment.The doctors treated according to the concept of "same disease but different treatment, different disease, and same treatment".

d
Before the decision, the value of each thing is roughly similar to the decision maker's mind, and it is difficult to determine the advantages and disadvantages; but after making a choice, the decision maker's attitude evaluation of these things has changed.effect.
According to the above definition, Which of the following phenomena are post-decision effects:
A.A staff member has no idea how to stay.After some consideration, he thinks that staying will face many complex relationships.It is better to reopen a new world.
B.A lady is difficult to choose between two brands of mobile phones that have their own advantages and disadvantages.In the end, she considers choosing one of them from an economic point of view.
C.A teacher is hesitant to choose A or B to participate in the competition.The class leader recommends choosing B.Afterwards, the teacher thinks that choosing B is completely correct because B eventually won the championship.
D.A student hesitated to report to University A or University B when he volunteered.In the end, he followed the teacher's suggestion and chose University A.Since then, he feels that University A is better than University B.

d
Emotional advertising is an advertising strategy that appeals to consumers' emotions or emotional reactions to convey the added value or emotional satisfaction that products bring to them.The value of such emotions in the minds of consumers may far exceed the product itself, thus making Consumers develop a positive brand attitude.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following slogans are not emotional ads:
A.A slogan for a brand beverage: "×× Coke, the Chinese's own Coke!"
B.The slogan of a brand of beer entering the Southeast Asian market: "Okay, hometown water."
C.A brand diaper slogan: "Baby is in a good mood every day, and mother must be more beautiful."
D.A brand body lotion slogan: "For the skin to be soft and smooth, please use ×× lotion."

b
Rational expectation means that when people are anticipating an economic phenomenon, if people are rational, they will make the most of the information obtained to act without making systematic mistakes.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are rational expectations:
A.As soon as the branch of the provincial hospital was put into use, Xiao Chen opened a fruit store nearby.
B.Lao Qin learns that a certain policy is about to be implemented and conducts stock operations based on long-term stock experience
C.Rumors say that a key middle school branch will be built in Chengnan, and old Liu immediately bought a house nearby
D.Zhang learned that his college entrance examination score ranked 20th in the province, and he decided to volunteer first to Tsinghua University

d
The two-dimensional code uses a certain geometric figure to record data symbol information in a black and white pattern distributed on a plane according to a certain rule.In the code preparation, the concept of "0" and "1" bitstreams is used, and some correspond to binary.The geometric shape of the text is used to represent the numerical value of the text, and it is automatically read by the image input device or the photoelectric scanning device to realize the automatic processing of the information.The number of bits that a two-dimensional code can represent is fixed.The more information it contains, the more redundant it is.The smaller the margin: conversely, the greater the redundancy.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options do not meet the meaning of the QR code:
A.A certain geometric figure is distributed according to a certain rule to form a corresponding QR code.
B.The basic principle of the image code in the two-dimensional code uses the internal logical basis of the computer
C.Convert text value information into binary geometry, which can be read by equipment
D.The amount of information contained in the two-dimensional code is large, which means that the redundancy needs to be minimized when encoding

c
The rebound effect refers to the improvement of energy use efficiency through technological progress, which saves energy consumption, but at the same time, technological progress will also promote the expansion of the economic scale and generate new demand for energy, thereby partially or even completely offset the saved energy.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options can effectively control the rebound effect:
A.Improved engine efficiency reduces driving costs, and more people choose to travel by car
B.Manufacturers further improve energy efficiency, increase profits, and produce more products
C.Solar water heaters are selling well, slowly replacing traditional electric water heaters
D.More and more consumers are buying energy-efficient appliances

d
General relativity is a theory of gravitation established by Einstein in geometric language.He rephrased gravity as a space-time bent by matter and energy in space-time to replace the traditional view that gravity is a force, and this space-time curvature It is directly related to the energy and momentum of matter and radiation in space and time.
According to the above definition, the phenomena in the following options that do not involve general relativity are:
A.Scientists observed when observing a total solar eclipse, and the light produced a deflection when it passed near the sun.
B.Scientists have found that the clock moves slower in a strong gravitational field, so the light emitted to the earth from the surface of a massive mass will move towards the red end of the spectrum
C.Scientists found that when a star is dense enough, its gravitational force distorts areas in space and time so that light cannot escape, thus finding the existence of black holes
D.Magellan found that when sailing towards a distance, the sail gradually sinks, and finally disappears into the line of sight, while the sea level appears to be curved, and the water in the distance seems to be lower than the water level in the vicinity.

b
Incorporate activities, there are many types of inventory.Shipping inventory refers to the products in the warehouse of the factory at the end of the value chain, which are ready to be shipped at any time.In-transit inventory, also called transit inventory, means that it has not yet reached its destination and is currently in In-transit or waiting-to-transit status while stockpiled in a vehicle.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options are in-transit inventory:
A.Xiao Zhang bought himself a sweater online, and two days after placing the order, he found that the sweater had arrived at a transit station
B.A large truck in a high-speed service area is full of all kinds of towels purchased by supermarket A from location B
C.A truck of a leather shoe factory is full of cowhide used by the factory to make new leather shoes
D.A company store toys for sale in Chengbei stores in its own warehouse in Chengnan

d
The magnitude of an earthquake is a measure of the magnitude of the earthquake given by the instrument.It is a grade that divides the magnitude of the energy emitted by the source.The greater the energy released by the earthquake, the greater the magnitude of the earthquake, and there is only one magnitude per earthquake.Earthquake intensity indicates the earthquake on the surface and the intensity of the impact of the engineering building is determined by the feeling of people during the earthquake or the degree of reaction of the utensils after the earthquake, the degree of damage to the engineering building, and the change of the ground surface in the absence of instrument records.Macroscale.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following statements are true:
A.The greater the magnitude of the earthquake, the stronger the corresponding intensity of the earthquake
B.An earthquake has only one magnitude and one intensity
C.The closer to the source, the larger the magnitude and the stronger the intensity
D.The more severe the surface damage, the stronger the earthquake intensity

c
Our body's circadian clock system is affected by many factors, one of which is light.Studies have shown that light can effectively deceive the brain into "day mode", even if the eyes of the person were closed at the time.Light therapy to help us adjust jet lag, including continuous light and flashes at different intervals, and flashes that last only 2 milliseconds every 10 seconds are most effective.Studies have also found that people who have experienced "flash treatment" during sleep have trouble sleeping The cycle will be delayed by two hours.
Which of the following, if true, best supports this view?
A.The darkness between each flash helps to restart the eyes, thus restoring the eyes' sensitivity to light
B.Most people who experience "flash processing" during sleep are not affected by the flash
C.Go to the city two hours early in the time zone, and people who have received light therapy two hours before sunrise on the departure day will not feel jet lag
D.It takes a long time to adjust the time difference by yourself, and the average time difference can only pass one hour every day.

d
A.B, and C chose to engage in different occupations after graduation: teachers, lawyers, engineers.Other students made the following guesses: Xiao Li: A is an engineer, B is a teacher.Xiao Wang: A is a teacher, C It is an engineer.Xiao Fang: A is a lawyer and B is an engineer.It was later confirmed that Xiao Li, Xiao Wang, and Xiao Fang all guessed only half right.
So, what occupations are A.B, and C engaged in?
A.A is a teacher, B is a lawyer, and C is an engineer
B.A is an engineer, B is a lawyer, and C is a teacher
C.A is a lawyer, B is an engineer, and C is a teacher
D.A is a lawyer, B is a teacher, and C is an engineer

c
If the central bank allows the renminbi to continue to depreciate, then the market's expectations for the devaluation of the renminbi will be easily strengthened.If the market forms a strong renminbi depreciation expectation, a large number of funds will flow out of China.The outflow of funds from China will not only strengthen this expectation of the depreciation of the renminbi, As a result, but more funds will also flow out of China, and it may lead to the overall decline in China's asset prices, which may then trigger regional and systemic risks in the financial market.These are situations that we are not willing to see and are not allowed to occur.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Continued currency depreciation will lead to a complete decline in assets
B.Expectations of currency depreciation due to severe capital loss
C.The central bank will not allow the yuan to continue to depreciate
D.China will focus on intervention in the outflow of funds

c
The four fans made predictions on the performance of several teams before the promotion of a certain ball game.They paid more attention to two of them.Don't make the following predictions: Fang said: If Team A cannot advance, then Team B Nor can he be promoted.Bai said: No matter whether Team A can be promoted, Team B cannot be promoted.Xia Mou said: Team B can be promoted, but Team A cannot be promoted.Deng said: I see that these teams can't qualify for the game.The prediction of only one of the four fans is correct
Based on the above, which of the following must be true?
A.Bai's prediction is correct
B.Deng's prediction is correct
C.If Team A can advance, then Fang's prediction is correct
D.If Team A cannot advance, then Fang's prediction is correct

a
A research team sent two batches of testers to sleep in the sleep laboratory overnight.The first batch was scheduled to sleep late, thereby reducing the total sleep time; the second batch was scheduled to sleep early, but repeatedly during the sleep process.Was awakened.After the second night, the results were already apparent: the positive emotions of the second batch of testers were severely affected.Their energy levels were lower, and their positive emotion indexes such as compassion and friendliness declined, and some researchers reported It is believed that being awakened caused the tester not to get enough slow-wave sleep, and slow-wave sleep is the key to restoring energy, but some researchers have questioned the credibility of this study.
Which of the following, if true, is the most capable of refuting the questioner?
A.The decline in the positive sentiment index of the first batch of testers is not obvious
B.Most of the second batch of testers have not been emotionally active for a long time
C.The health status and psychological quality of the two batches of testers were already very close
D.Two groups of testers had uneven energy levels before participating in the sleep experiment

a
East Asians seem more modest, but psychological research shows that they are just as proud and confident as they are from other cultures.A research team recruited 40 volunteers to participate in the research, half of them from East Asian countries, and the rest From Western countries.They showed a lot of positive and negative words to these volunteers and asked them which adjectives are suitable for them.As a result, no matter what cultural background the volunteers have, they tend to use more positive adjectives Describe yourself and think that some of the more negative characteristics are not suitable for you.Researchers believe that this shows that people who participate in the test have the same motivation to beautify themselves regardless of their cultural background.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument:
A.East Asians are used to negatively evaluating themselves, while Westerners often overstate their abilities
B.When volunteers are asked to describe themselves in positive words, their responses are the same
C.East Asians are only a cultural convention, they have the same self-esteem as Westerners
D.Research finds that volunteers have similar brain waves regardless of their cultural background

b
China's shale gas exploration in the southwest has achieved significant results, with estimated natural gas resources reaching 100 billion cubic meters, which is the first time that China has achieved a major breakthrough in shale gas exploration in a complex southern structural region outside the Sichuan Basin.Some experts said that the land is expected to become a new industrial gas field, which can meet the gas needs of tens of millions of residents for industrial and agricultural development, and promote economic development.
This expert opinion is based on the assumption that:
A.The complex geological structure in the south is conducive to natural gas generation
B.Any natural gas that is explored can be successfully extracted
C.China's current natural gas production cannot meet actual demand
D.Natural gas as a clean energy is an important driving force for economic development

d
Organizational identity refers to the fact that members of an organization are consistent with the organizations they join in terms of behaviors or ideas, and feel that they have both a sense of rational contract and responsibility in the organization, as well as an irrational sense of belonging and dependence, and in this psychological basis Behavioral results of dedication to organizational activities.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options are not recognized by the organization:
A."We must strictly demand ourselves by the standards of Communists"
B."When the company is in trouble, we must not give up"
C."I want to consciously maintain the good image of the company at all times"
D."I am proud of my alma mater today, and proud of my alma mater tomorrow"

c
Projective identity refers to a person's behavioral model that induces others to respond in a predetermined way, which is reflected in interpersonal relationships.Party A often projects the "good" or "bad" object in his heart to Party B."Good" or "Bad", and Party B accepted this projected fantasy, so he treated Party A in the way envisioned by Party A.and then Party A further verified his hypothesis and thought that Party B was what he thought People.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are projective identification:
A.You can also come out of Takako
B.Yan Shifang can be a master
C.Father Tiger really has no dogs
D.Loving mother has been defeated since ancient times

d
Caring for obsessive-compulsive disorder refers to a person who particularly needs others to rely on themselves, and always loves to provide others with the care that others don't need.Moreover, such people also force others to accept their own care, so that others cannot be independent.He will feel contented and feel valuable.This symptom will suppress people's nerves, and at the same time bring a lot of inconvenience to relatives, friends and even colleagues.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are caring for obsessive-compulsive disorder:
A.Zhang said: "I will go crazy without seeing my son one day"
B.Li Moulian coaxed her daughter into taking cold medicine
C.Liu lived in his own home from elementary school to college
D.Wang rented an apartment near the university where his daughter attended

c
Virtual reality technology refers to a simulation system that can create and experience a virtual world.It uses computer-generated interactive three-dimensional environments to provide users with visual, auditory, tactile and other sensory simulations, thereby making people immersive sense, this is an immersive experience with a 360-degree viewing angle.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options are used by virtual reality technology:
A.Zhang San video chats with his father in Paris via a computer and sees the Eiffel Tower in person
B.Li Si used his mobile phone WeChat to video chat with his wife, and he heard his son recite ancient poems
C.Liu Wu put on a special helmet to buy a desk online, and can fully experience the effect of the desk in the study
D.Wang Er used a tablet computer to watch a video of his classmates traveling in Tibet and felt that he had also arrived at the Potala Palace

c
The opposite theory of the investment market means that the investment market itself does not create new value, does not add value, and can even be said to be impaired.If an investor is the same as most investors when investing, he must not be the most profitable because It is impossible for the majority to profit; to obtain the maximum benefit, it must be inconsistent with the actions of the majority.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options do not fit the opposite theory of the investment market:
A."As long as you disagree with most investors, the opportunity to become rich will always exist"
B."We will leave the market when the market is full of investors"
C."It's fallen so much, it's the end"
D."People abandon me and others fear me for greed"

d
The process of will activity will reflect the following two laws.Among them, the law of willpower marginal effect means that the strength of will decrease with the increase in the scale of its own activity; the law of will strength time decays will mean that the strength of will follow The increase in duration shows a negative exponential decline.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following options best embody the law of time decay of willpower:
A.Forget it, rotten wood is not broken
B.For the mountain Jiuyao
C.Poor and strong, not falling behind
D.Be upset, then go down, and go down

c
Elements refer to more than a hundred basic metal and non-metallic substances in nature, which are composed of one atom.Each nucleus in its atom has the same number of protons, which cannot be decomposed by ordinary chemical methods, and can constitute everything Atoms are basic particles that are inseparable in chemical reactions.Atoms are indivisible in chemical reactions, but are divided into physical states.They are composed of atomic nuclei and electrons moving around them.The molecule is composed of atoms and is a kind of material.The name of the elementary particle is a particle that exists alone and keeps chemical properties to a minimum.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following options are correct:
A.Atoms are the smallest particles that make up matter
B.Air is made up of various tiny atoms
C.Atoms with different numbers of protons are not the same type of element
D.Carbon monoxide molecule (CO) is composed of one element of oxygen and one element of carbon

b
Consumption lag refers to the average consumption level that personal consumption lags behind the country's economic development and personal household income.Consumption lead refers to the current level of income that is not enough to purchase the products or services currently required, and loans, instalments, advances, etc.Consumption.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are ahead of consumption:
A.Staff Xiaowang ordered train tickets online by credit card payment
B.College student Xiao Li bought a well-known brand computer through a lending platform
C.Retired worker Lao Zhang has commercial houses and cars, but insists on using only old-style candy bar phones
D.Young teacher Xiao Liu has a 100,000 yuan time deposit that has not expired and borrowed 80,000 yuan from a colleague to buy a car

a
Hydrological rhythm refers to the periodicity of the lake's water regime with changes in rhythm.The generalized hydrological rhythm includes day and night, monthly transport, seasonal and interannual rhythms.Under normal circumstances, the average water level of the lake for many years is stable due to factors such as the basin's climate and the underlying surface.The value tends to be stable, that is, the normal average annual water level of the lake.Therefore, the interannual rhythm of the lake is characterized by the mutation-driven by disturbance factors and the stability of the stage after adaptation to disturbance, and there is no gradual trend.Hydrological rhythm refers specifically to the monthly rhythm and seasonal rhythm.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are related to narrow hydrological rhythms:
A.Poyang Lake is affected by the continuous decrease of rainfall and the decrease of incoming water, and the water surface area continues to shrink.
B.The historical average annual water temperature of Hongze Lake is 16.3 ° C, the highest water temperature is in September, and the lowest water temperature is in January.
C.The annual rainfall of Dongting Lake was 1,560 mm, of which about half of the precipitation was from April to June.
D.The annual average temperature of the Chaohu Lake Basin is stable between 15 ~ 16 ° C, with a frost-free period of more than 200 days

d
A fast, continuous, and unpredictable competitive environment requires small businesses and simplified structures, while also having sufficient technical reserves and the ability to resist capital risks.At present, the way to resolve this contradiction is usually to establish a "win-win principle" on a global scale.Virtual enterprises are a kind of dynamic alliance between enterprises.Each member enterprise participating in a virtual enterprise has a certain degree of autonomy.When a market opportunity arises, the participating enterprises will organize together to jointly develop, produce and sell new products.When the product is found to be unprofitable, it is automatically disbanded.Therefore, the virtual enterprise is considered to be the most competitive business model in the 21st century.
Which of the following, if true, best supports this view?
A.Modern information technology and communication methods developed in today's society have facilitated communication between enterprises.
B.Enterprises want to survive, develop and expand their advantages in the current competitive environment, and need a new operating model
C.Any problem in the production of any affiliated company in the virtual enterprise will interrupt the operation of the entire production chain
D.Virtual enterprises can quickly focus on the strongest design processing and sales forces to achieve rapid response to the market

a
The study found that the 20- to 39-year-old group is more enthusiastic about using sports applications in smartphones, the main reason is that most of this group has already participated in work, and sub-health is more common in this group, so more and more White-collar workers and young people pay more attention to physical health; at the same time, the obesity rate of young people is relatively high, and young people's pursuit of beauty is far more than middle-aged and elderly people, so they care more about sports; in addition, the user group at this age is more familiar Operation of the smartphone.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above findings?
A.Many young people are addicted to games in their smartphones
B.Many young people work overtime for long periods of time
C.Young people's lack of exercise can easily lead to sub-health problems
D.Contemporary young people are too rich in nutrition and overweight

b
The investment of most parents has a significant positive predictive effect on their children's academic investment.The level of parental investment decreases with the increase in their children's school grades.Meanwhile, most parents pay more attention to home counseling and lack of investment in children's participation in community and school activities.The parenting style, which is supported or controlled by parents, plays a moderating role in the relationship between parents' investment and their children's academic investment, and partly through the mediating variable of meeting the children's academic psychological needs.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Parents' investment and parenting style will inevitably affect their children's academic investment
B.The decrease in the investment of most parents in their children's education means an increase in their children's schooling
C.The creation and formation of a learning environment at home is inversely related to the connection between schools and communities
D.The satisfaction of children's academic psychological needs is the driving force and primary factor affecting their academic investment

d
Nowadays, new Internet-based science popularization methods have emerged endlessly.Shallow reading, live video streaming, and game interaction methods have made more and more channels for acquiring scientific knowledge, and the threshold is getting lower and lower.Researchers believe that although "Internet + science popularization" There has been a great change in the way scientific knowledge is acquired and disseminated, but this is not a subversion of the popularization of science, but a demonstration of the improvement of citizen scientific literacy.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the researcher's point of view?
A.News media, Weibo and other information media are the most important channels for users to understand scientific hot events
B.It is difficult for the public to see authoritative scientists during the spread of many scientific hot events
C.Data show that users are generally happy to acquire knowledge through such easy and pleasant forms of graphic information
D.Compared with celebrity gossip, reposting popular science content on social media can give the reposter more points.

b
Self-control is not only about self-control, but also the ability to eliminate the interference of irrelevant stimuli and persist in completing related tasks (even tasks that you don't like).Self-control is stable and will be consumed.Different opinions.Psychologists divided the experimental subjects into two groups to let them solve problems in the same field.One group can only eat radish, and the other group can also eat cookies.As a result, the group that only eat radish insists on more time.Short because they resist self-control while resisting the temptation of biscuits, they conclude that people's self-control is limited, and excessive use will lead to reduced self-control.
Which of the following should be added as a prerequisite for the conclusion of the above conclusion?
A.Subjects have different interests in solving problems
B.Biscuits and radishes have different temptations to test subjects
C.Biscuits and radishes have different effects on human energy
D.The anti-interference ability of the two groups of subjects is not exactly the same

b
Studies have claimed that cancer cells are afraid of heat and high body temperature can fight cancer.The organs most vulnerable to cancer in the human body include the lung, stomach, large intestine, breast, etc., which are lower temperature parts, and "high-temperature organs" such as the heart are not easy to obtain.Cancer.Therefore, you can fight cancer by raising your body temperature by exercising, drinking hot water, taking a bath, and so on.
Which of the following, if true, can best refute the above argument?
A.Affected by breathing, diet, etc., people's oral temperature is generally lower than rectal temperature, and the incidence of rectal cancer is higher than oral cancer worldwide
B.There is a precise regulation mechanism of human body temperature, which basically remains stable, and there is no obvious temperature difference between various organs in the body
C.Hyperthermia may help radiotherapy or some chemotherapy perform better, but research data to prove its reliability are still insufficient
D.Malignant tumors rarely occur in the heart, because the cardiomyocytes no longer divide and proliferate here, regardless of the temperature

c
The latest report from an international paleontology research team stated that the Zhengnan turtles living in South Africa 280 million years ago were the ancestors of modern turtles, and they survived the mass extinction of the Permian to Triassic species.In order to avoid the harsh natural environment, they worked hard to dig downwards.At the same time, to ensure that the forelimbs' digging action was strong enough, the body needed stable support, which led to the continuous widening of the ribs.It can be seen that the turtle has a shell to adapt to the environment The performance is not just for protection, but for burrowing underground.
Which of the following should be added as a prerequisite for the conclusion of the above conclusion?
A.Modern tortoises have inherited some of the habits of Zhengnan turtles who are good at burrowing.
B.Only burrows can survive a mass extinction
C.The turtle's shell evolved after the turtle's ribs gradually widened
D.Zhengnan turtle's forelegs are strong enough and do not require turtle shell protection

b
Some people say that complete selflessness has two meanings: first, the practice of serving others unconditionally; and second, the refusal to serve others.
Which of the following is a logical inference of the above point:
A.No one is completely selfless.
B.It is impossible for all people to be completely selfless.
C.If someone receives the services of others, then there must be a completely selfless person.
D.If someone refuses the service of others, then there must be a completely selfless person.

d
Consumers are not as easily affected as manufacturers think.They know what they need.And what they want may be very different from what others think they want."
Which of the following is true if it is not true?
A.Most people buy the same brand year after year
B.When people shop with their peers, they often have fewer disputes with their peers
C.Shop shelves with various brands of goods, consumers are easily at a loss
D.The company that advertises the most also sells the most

a
Attention is the window of knowledge.Without it, the sunlight of knowledge cannot shine in."This is the experience of a well-known scholar.It is a graphic illustration: high concentration, academic achievement, scientific achievement Important conditions for the tree
, therefore,?
A.Be sure to focus while studying.
B.No matter what you do, you should pay full attention and focus.
C.Attention is a psychological quality.
D.Not everyone can concentrate.

a
A B, C, and D together discuss the application of bank loans for students in this class.A: "All students in my class have applied for loans." B: "If the class leader applies for a loan, then the study committee There is no application."C:" The monitor applied for a loan."D:" Someone in my class did not apply for a loan."
Knowing that only one of the four people is telling lies, which of the following conclusions can be drawn?
A.A told a lie and the study committee did not apply.
B.B tells the truth, the monitor did not apply
C.C told a lie and the study committee did not apply.
D.Ding talked falsely, and the study committee applied.

a
Although spinach is rich in calcium, it also contains a large amount of oxalic acid, which can effectively prevent the body from absorbing calcium.Therefore, if a person wants to consume enough calcium, he must replace it with other calcium-rich foods.Spinach, at least with spinach
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument for the topic?
A.Rice does not contain calcium, but contains alkaline substances that neutralize oxalic acid and alter its properties
B.The calcium content in dairy products is higher than that of spinach, and many people who regularly eat spinach also consume dairy products.
C.During cooking, the damaged oxalic acid in spinach is slightly more than calcium
D.In addition to spinach in people's daily diet, in fact, a lot of vegetables contain calcium

d
Government agencies have reduced their research funding due to budgetary difficulties, and a larger number of similar studies are now sponsored by private funds.This change means that studies that could lead to controversial consequences will occupy a smaller proportion of all funded projects.Because private funds take into account their public image, they tend to avoid controversy.\
Which of the following is the assumption made above?
A.Only scientific research that does not consider the possibility of disputes can produce scientifically valid results.
B.Private funds that fund scientific research projects often recognize that controversial results from these projects are not always avoided.
C.Scientists conducting research projects sponsored by private funds are unlikely to allow the concerns of sponsoring organizations to influence their attitudes towards research.
D.Government agencies are more willing than private agencies to fund research projects that may have controversial results.

b
A new, more aggressive fungus that led to the 19th-century Irish potato famine has recently emerged; however, because this new form of fungus can be killed by newly used fungicides, this fungus will not make current dependence Extensive food shortages occur in countries where the potato lives.
Which of the following, if correct, would most likely put the above statement into a question?
A.Although potatoes are important crops in many parts of the world, people in most countries rely mainly on wheat or rice for their livelihoods.
B.In countries where this new type of fungus has spread, potato farmers cannot afford the increased cost of fungicides.
C.Farmers in most countries use many pesticides on their crops and fungicides that kill new fungi.
D.Most governments have specialized funds to reduce large-scale disasters such as severe food shortages and floods.

d
According to a survey by the health department of a country, the incidence of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases in urban residents is nearly three times that in rural areas.Some people claim that this is due to the high fat, high protein, and high-calorie food intake of people in cities.It is said that few people in the countryside have the conditions to have this kind of "rich disease".
In fact, this view is difficult to establish, because it ignores the fact that the current life expectancy in cities is higher than 70 years, and that in rural areas is less than 50 years.Which of the following, if true, can best strengthen the above rebuttal?
A.Statistics show that patients with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases are currently younger.
B.Statistics show that patients with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases are relatively concentrated in the middle-aged and elderly age group, that is, those over 45 years old.
C.Compared with rural people, urban people have more common knowledge and better medical conditions for preventing and treating cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases.
D.Roughly speaking, the longer a person lives, the higher the probability that he or she will get a disease in his lifetime.

a
When amphibians first appeared on Earth millions of years ago, the radiation of ultraviolet rays penetrating the atmosphere was much greater than it is now.Therefore, the current dramatic decrease in the number of amphibians is not the result of the recent increase in ultraviolet rays penetrating the earth's atmosphere.
Which of the following is the assumption on which the above discussion is based?
A.Eggs of modern amphibians are no more vulnerable to UV radiation than eggs of early amphibians.
B.Modern amphibians are unlikely to be sheltered from UV rays in habitats that lived like early amphibians.
C.Modern amphibians cannot adapt to changing levels of radiation as easily as early amphibians.
D.The skin of amphibians is generally more sensitive to UV light than the skin of other animals.

d
One researcher found that, according to the proportion of body weight, children eat more carbohydrates than adults, and children also exercise more than adults.Researchers hypothesized that the consumption of carbohydrates is related to the need for calories associated with different degrees of exercise Proportional change.
Which of the following, if true, would be the most against the researcher's hypothesis?
A.In countries where the government spends more per person on public campaigns, the average person eats more carbohydrates.
B.Children who do not participate in organized sports tend to have fewer carbohydrates than children who participate in organized sports.
C.Eating increased amounts of carbohydrates is a common tactic for long-distance runners preparing for long runs.
D.The body needs relatively more carbohydrates during other periods of growth.

d
Last year's Spring Festival, we only spent 2 days to sell 4 million yuan in welfare lottery tickets.This year's Spring Festival, we plan to sell 2,000 yuan in 10 days.It is not a problem.
Which of the following best supports the above reasoning?
A.In the Spring Festival, sports lottery sales event held the previous year, the lottery was sold for 10 million yuan in 5 days.
B.Sports lotteries have always been favored by lottery players because prizes are awarded in the form of bonuses.
C.China's sports industry has developed rapidly, which is inseparable from the support of the people across the country.We also buy sports lottery to support sports.
D.In the process of selling sports lottery tickets every year, we find that the daily sales volume is similar.

c
In order to produce seeds, the plant must first bloom.Two tarragon plants, Russian tarragon, and French tarragon, look very similar.Russian tarragon blooms, while French tarragon does not flower.However, Russian tarragon leaves lack that kind.The unique smell that makes French tarragon an ideal culinary herb.
If the above message is correct, which of the following can be reliably derived based on this?
A.As a decorative plant, French tarragon is more ideal than Russian tarragon.
B.The flowers of Russian tarragon may be odorless.
C.Plants are grown from seeds sold in bags labeled "tarragon" are not French tarragon.
D.There are no other types of tarragon except for Russian tarragon and French tarragon.

c
Commodity difference: refers to the price difference between the same product due to different circulation links, quality, purchase and sale regions and seasons.
According to the following definitions, Which of the following options that are not commodity spreads are:
A.It is more expensive to buy the same phone in Changsha than in Yueyang.
B.The Chinese cabbage in the morning market is a pound a pound, and you can buy it at eight cents in the afternoon.
C.Haier TVs and TCL TVs have different prices
D.Northeast rice is cheaper to sell in Northeast than in Hunan.

c
The administrative license refers to the act of an administrative organ granting citizens, legal persons or other organizations permission to engage in specific activities upon examination in accordance with the law.
Which of the following are administrative licenses
A.To facilitate the citizens and expand the market, the Tobacco Monopoly Bureau invites several influential businesses in the city to set up cigarette sales and issue them a tobacco monopoly license.
B.An internet cafe has its business license revoked due to illegal operation
C.In order to improve professional skills, someone specially applied to the unit for graduate study, and the unit leader approved his application and agreed to reimburse him for some of his study expenses after graduation.
D.Someone is engaged in transportation to learn driving skills.After passing the assessment and applying, the public security vehicle management department issues a motor vehicle driving license for him

d
Third-party liability insurance is responsible for compensating the insured vehicle for accidents that cause third parties to suffer personal injury or direct loss of property.The so-called third-party refers to the insured and his property and all persons and property other than the person on the insured vehicle, Other things.The so-called "all persons" refers to the driver and all passengers in the car.However, these people can be regarded as a third party except the driver.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is the scope of third-party liability insurance compensation?
A.A driver in his own private vehicle, and the vehicle fails during the journey.A gets off the vehicle for repair, the vehicle suddenly slides backward, and A's foot is broken by the vehicle.A's medical expenses totaled 5,000 yuan in this accident.
B.A driving a truck to deliver goods to a city, due to slippery roads in snow, an overturning accident occurred while avoiding pedestrians.After inspection, the total cost of vehicle damage and cargo damage in this accident was 19,000 yuan.
C.A is a driver of a long-distance bus.During the driving of the vehicle, a sudden fire broke out in the compartment.Passenger B was burned and his property was burned out.B asked A to pay a total of 10,000 yuan for medical expenses and property damage expenses.
D.A drive a bus to send a group of tourists to visit the places of interest.When arriving at the tourist location, Passenger B who will be bypassing the car while reversing will be injured and H will claim A for 20,000 yuan.

d
Generalization refers to the formation of conditional response to a specific stimulus, and other similar stimuli will induce the same conditioned response.The more similar a new stimulus is to the original stimulus, the greater the possibility that the conditioned response will be induced.
According to the above definition, which of the following can be called the generalization phenomenon below?
A.Cup Bow Snake Shadow
B.Plants and soldiers
C.Surrounded by Songs
D.I was afraid of a rope by a snake for ten years

c
Dumping: It means that the price of goods sold by an enterprise abroad is lower than the domestic market price or lower than the production cost.
According to this definition, isn't the following behavior dumping?
A.A country sells newsprint to other countries at a price below the normal value of the product
B.An enterprise has a higher monopoly position in the country and a larger market share, but the quality is not as good as similar foreign products.In order to seize the international market, the enterprise sells in other countries at prices lower than the cost price.
C.A certain place is a well-known vegetable production base.Due to the use of advanced science and technology and large-scale operation, the price of vegetables produced by it is far lower than the price of similar foreign products.
D.In order to obtain an order from a government in another country, a software company competes with similar software in other countries and bids at a price lower than the sales price of the product in the country.

c
A teacher expressed her anxiety about the harm caused by video games to elementary and middle school students.She thought that video games were like a monster, greedy, and ruthlessly deprived them of time for studying and communicating with society.
Which of the following cannot be a reason to support this view?
A.Primary and middle school students are listless when playing video games in class.
B.Elementary and middle school students are reluctant to talk to parents when they play video games.
C.Elementary and middle school students spend home money playing video games.
D.Primary and secondary school students' mistakes in playing video games have increased significantly.

d
If teenagers read for too long, myopia is almost inevitable.Students at Jinghua Middle School study hard.Although everyone knows how to protect their eyes, most students spend more than 10 hours a day reading.As a result, continuous reading time is too long.The remaining students read 8 hours a day.The teacher in charge of the class praises the students who read more than 10 hours a day.
If the above statement is true, which of the following conclusions can best be reached?
None of the students at A.Jinghua Middle School has normal vision and everyone wears myopia.
B.Students who do not read more than 10 hours a day study hard.
C.The percentage of myopia in Jinghua Middle School students is greater than in other schools.
D.Most of the students praised by the class teacher are myopia.

a
Hightower, a company occupying several office buildings, is considering installing energy-saving light bulbs in all of its buildings.This new light bulb emits as much light as the traditional light bulbs currently in use, and the required power is only traditional Half of the bulb.The life of this new bulb is also greatly extended, so by replacing the new bulb when the old bulb is broken, HighTower can greatly reduce its overall lighting costs.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above discussion?
A.If this light bulb is widely adopted, it is very likely that the output of new light bulbs will increase greatly, making its price compared to those of traditional light bulbs.
B.Hightower recently signed a contract to occupy another small office building.
C.Hightower has launched a campaign to encourage its employees to turn off the lights every time they leave the room.
D.The company producing this new light bulb has patented the new technology used in the light bulb, so it has exclusive rights to produce the new light bulb.

b
In response to the grim situation of frequent work-related accidents during building construction at that time, the relevant state departments issued the "Implementation Rules for Safety Production in the Construction Industry." However, during the two years after the promulgation and implementation of the "Rules," statistics covering the whole country showed that employees were injured or injured during construction.The number is still increasing every year, which shows that the Rules have not been effectively implemented.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.In the two years after the promulgation of the Rules, the number of construction projects under construction has increased significantly.
B.In the two years after the promulgation of the Detailed Rules, the number of employees working in the construction industry has increased significantly.
C.In the above statistical results, the number of employees who died in accidents has decreased compared with before the promulgation of the Detailed Rules.
D.After the implementation of the Rules, the standards for compensation and pensions for workers injured at work have been improved.

b
Beijing is not suitable for the development of private cars because Beijing's urban population is too dense, its transportation facilities are backward, there are too few parking spaces, and the city's road capacity is also limited.The current traffic volume has overwhelmed urban traffic.If we develop private cars vigorously, it will be bound to Cause difficult social problems.
Which of the following, if true, would most effectively weaken the above conclusion?
A.With the development of the economy, both in terms of individual economic ability and national economic strength, China has the conditions to develop the private automobile industry.
B.The population density and total population of Tokyo in Japan are no less than that of Beijing.It also had the problem of lagging transportation facilities, but it is now one of the cities with the most private cars in the world, and there are no difficult social problems.
C.The experience of various countries shows that in the development of the relationship between vehicles and roads, the development of vehicles has promoted the development of roads.One of the driving forces for promoting the construction of urban roads is the development of private cars.
D.Clothing, food, housing, and transportation are the four major elements of a person's material life.There is no reason not to let ordinary people also enjoy the convenience of private cars, especially after they have corresponding financial ability.

b
All principals who really care about teacher welfare are proven to be well-managed principals; while those who really care about teacher welfare first focus on solving the housing problem for young and middle-aged teachers.The principals who are solving the problem of young and middle-aged teachers' housing are not the principals who manage well.
In order for the above argument to be true, which of the following must be true?
A.The housing problem of young and middle-aged teachers is the most prominent problem in the welfare of teachers.
B.All principals who manage well are principals who care about the welfare of teachers.
C.The proportion of young and middle-aged teachers has generally increased significantly in recent years.
D.All principals who first focus on solving the problem of young and middle-aged teachers' housing are principals who manage well.

d
Elderly people often suffer from some chronic diseases caused by high blood lipids.People's attitudes often go to extremes: one is to ignore them completely and eat what they want; the other is to be overly sensitive and completely reject all oils and meat.Inadequate nutrition and imbalances.
Based on the above information, we can infer:
A.The elderly are generally weak, and they should pay attention to eating more nutritious food to supplement the body.
B.To maintain good health, we must pay attention to the reasonable combination of diet, "over" and "less than" are not to go.
C.Elevated blood lipids in the elderly can easily lead to cardiovascular disease, and the use of fatty foods should be avoided.
D.When people reach old age, there will inevitably be some chronic diseases, which can neither be ignored nor paid close attention to.

b
Recently, the sales volume of a certain brand of laundry powder has increased significantly, and at the same time, the brand's expenditure on advertising has also increased significantly.The industry believes that the sales of this product are increasing due to the promotion of advertising.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.Few people noticed the brand's washing powder ads.
B.Few buyers of the brand's laundry detergent pay attention to the brand's ads.
C.The advertising costs of this brand of detergent are not more than other brands of detergent.
D.Consumers' Association received more complaints about this brand of detergent than other brands of detergent.

b
A film critic said that truly influential films should be both good and successful.Since the release of the social melody film `` Ren Changxia '', the box office has skyrocketed, even rivalling the introduction of American blockbusters.
From this we know:
A.Only films that promote social themes can be considered good films.
B.Ren Changxia was praised by many audiences, and it is a very influential good movie.
C.U.S.blockbusters have a very good market in China, and their box office revenue is impressive because they are absolutely good movies.
D.China should make more of its own good movies like Ren Changxia, not the so-called American blockbusters.

c
In recent years, the discussion on whether cars can enter ordinary Chinese families has not stopped.Some people think that the relaxation of the regulation of private cars can promote the development of China's automobile industry, but at the same time, it will make the originally tense traffic situation worse, thereby affecting economic and social order.
Therefore, China's private cars should not develop significantly over the past five years.Which of the following, if true, can best support the above view?
A.Transportation will develop with the development of the car industry
B.Always develop the automobile industry first, then the transportation business
C.Road conditions in China are unlikely to improve in the near future
D.Public transportation should be vigorously developed

d
After the graduation exam, the class leader wanted to inquire about the results of the teacher.The class leader said: "Teacher, this test is not difficult.It is estimated that the scores of our classmates are above 70." Yes, the second sentence is wrong."
According to the teacher, which of the following must be true?
A.A few students have scores above 70, and most students have scores below 70
B.Most students have scores above 70, and few students have scores below 70
C.Some students have scores above 70, and some students have scores below 70
D.If you pass the 70 marks, some students will definitely fail.

b
To be mentally healthy, people must have self-esteem.People must maintain self-esteem by constantly earning the respect of others they respect, and they must earn that respect only by treating them ethically.
Which of the following conclusions can be derived from the above?
A.Mental health will be treated ethically by others
B.Mental health will treat people they respect ethically
C.Mental health must have self-esteem in order to be treated ethically by others
D.Self-respect people rarely treat those they respect ethically

a
The goal of the physical education class is to encourage the educated to maintain a healthy physique, mental state and lifestyle.However, many schools tend to focus on competitive sports only, which alienates most students who lack competition in this field.They feel that they have I don't want to be an athlete, so little attention is paid to promoting health through adequate exercise.
Which of the following conclusions is most likely to be reached based on the above judgment?
A.Physical education should include non-competitive sports
B.The competitive nature of physical education has alienated most students from physical education
C.Students who are good at competitive sports can exercise enough
D.Maintaining a healthy mental state is as important as maintaining a healthy physique

d
Seeing righteousness refers to acts that are not due to statutory duties or agreed obligations, in order to protect national interests, collective interests, or the personal and property safety of others, regardless of personal safety, and fight against illegal or criminal acts or rescue and disaster relief.
Which of the following must not belong to the righteous act:
A · Stop crime
B · Rescue and Disaster
C.Rescue
D · Guardian rescues the guardian

d
Image thinking refers to thinking that uses images as the carrier of thinking, as opposed to abstract thinking.
Which of the following are not image thinking:
A.Flowers, Birds, Insects, and Fishes Painted by the Painter
B.Humans learned from flying birds and eventually invented aeroplanes
C.Mao Zedong's metaphor of "ten fingers playing the piano" when talking about working methods
D.Constituting judgments with concepts and inferences with judgments, so as to recognize and grasp the laws of objective things

b
· Green consumption refers to consumers' choice of products, considering the impact of the product on the ecological environment, and choosing products that are less harmful to the environment, or even beneficial.It mainly includes three levels of meaning: First, advocate consumers to choose Green products that are not polluted or contribute to public health; second, pay attention to the disposal of garbage during the consumption process, without causing environmental pollution; third, guide consumers to change their consumption concepts, respect nature, pursue health, and pursue comfort in life At the same time, we pay attention to environmental protection, save resources and energy, and achieve sustainable consumption.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are green consumption:
A.A restaurant introduced dishes based on wild animals, because its main materials are from non-artificial pure natural wild animals, even including some rare animals, which has attracted some consumers.
B.Xiaogao is enthusiastic about buying locally produced goods.He believes that even if local goods are high in price, outdated and poor in texture, but because they reduce resource consumption and waste of packaging during transportation, they are also a support for environmental protection
C.For the sake of health, he likes to eat green vegetables without pesticide pollution.In order to keep the vegetables fresh, he uses plastic cling film to classify and store the vegetables.
D.Xiao Zhang is a person who pays attention to the quality of life, so when renovating a new home, he doesn't hesitate to spend a lot of money, and all use more expensive green environmental protection building materials

b
The scientific development concept is to adhere to the people-oriented principle, establish a comprehensive, coordinated, and sustainable development concept, and promote the all-round development of the economy, society, and people.
Which of the following are inconsistent with the scientific outlook on development:
A · Save energy and increase the renewable energy utilization ratio
B.Increase deposit interest and increase people's interest income
C.Pay attention to people's livelihood and improve people's lives
D.Persist in the civilized development path of production development, rich life, and good ecology

c
Subgroups are social groups whose members come together for a specific purpose and form a formal relationship through clear rules and regulations.
Which of the following belong to the subgroup:
A."People" in the Army
B.Passengers on the same flight
C · Student in a secondary vocational school
D.Family members of a family

b
Conformity is that individuals give up their opinions under group pressure, change their original attitudes, and adopt behaviors that are consistent with most people.
Which of the following are hereditary actions:
A.When the driver of the car meets the red light at the intersection, he will consciously stop the car and wait for the green light signal to appear
B.In a working meeting, although Zhang did not agree with a proposal, because everyone else in the room agreed, Zhang also raised his hand to agree
Class C organized a spring outing.A few students in the class proposed to Taohua Island.Most of the students have never been to it.With the insistence of a few students, everyone agreed to go to Taohua Island together.
D.Wang accidentally got on the thief ship and became a member of the rogue gang.Under the threat of the leader, he was forced to do bad things with others with a conscience

d
· Corporate culture refers to the spiritual style and beliefs that are unique to the company and are different from other organizations in the long-term production and management process, and a series of systems and measures to ensure that such spiritual styles and beliefs can persist.
Which of the following are not part of the corporate culture:
A · Business Management Philosophy
B · Code of conduct stipulated by the enterprise
C · Business philosophy
D · Core Competitiveness of the Enterprise

c
Violations refer to acts that intentionally harm others.Violations are intentional acts, manifest acts, and cause harm to the physical and mental health of others.Acts lacking any of the two characteristics mentioned above cannot be called aggression.
Which of the following are violations:
A.A golfer hits a spectator during a match, hurting that spectator
B.Wang was very dissatisfied with Zhang and cursed it in his room, but it was not heard by anyone
C.A policeman was shot and hit the gangster during the pursuit, wounding him and being captured
D.The doctor operated on the patient and connected the broken bone.The operation made the patient very painful.

b
· Illusion is that due to subjective and objective reasons, people sometimes cannot completely and correctly perceive external things, which can lead to various distortions.Under certain conditions, human beings must inevitably produce objective things, something that has a fixed tendency and is distorted.Perception.
Which of the following are not illusions:
A.In the dark, if people stare at a glowing point for a long time, they will find that the glowing point is moving.
B.When the moon is overhead, you will find that wherever you go, it always follows you
C.Wearing white clothes will make skinny people slightly plump, while wearing black clothes will make fat people appear slim; clothes with horizontal lines will make people look fatter, clothes with vertical lines will make people look thinner
D.Alone in bed, but felt like he was being picked up in a sedan chair

b
· Stylistic thinking is also called group stereotyped thinking.The so-called "stereotype thinking" refers to the phenomenon in which group members 'thinking is incorporated into a certain track or framework when discussing decisions.Stereotyped thinking will create a special atmosphere and limit the group members' thinking.Prevented the discussion from going fully.
Which of the following are not stereotyped thinking:
A.In a decision-making process, in order to make a decision as soon as possible, there has been a phenomenon in which the majority has exerted pressure on a few people who have different opinions.
When company A leaders make a decision, they always collect a wide range of information first, and actively encourage group members to put forward their ideas
C.Some people think that they are always correct, and they always reject different opinions, making other colleagues with different opinions unwilling to express their opinions.
D.During a meeting discussion at a company, the leader remained silent because the leader first stated, and other members were deterred by their authority

b
Faith governs the outlook on life and plays an important role in life.It is the fulcrum of the lever of life.Leverage cannot be separated from the expenditure point.Without a fulcrum, leverage does not work.
From this we can infer:
A.Life has a fulcrum
B.Without faith, life is meaningless
C.Every lever has a fulcrum
D.Everyone has his own belief

c
· About Xiao Wang, Xiao Li and Xiao Zhang, we know that one of them is a lawyer, one is a doctor, and one is a teacher, and we also know: Xiao Zhang is older than the teacher; Xiao Wang and the doctor are different Years; doctors are younger than Xiao Li.
From this we know:
A.Xiao Wang is a lawyer, Xiao Li is a doctor, Xiao Zhang is a teacher
B.Xiao Ren is a doctor, Xiao Li is a teacher, and Xiao Zhang is a lawyer
C.Xiao Wang is a teacher, Xiao Li is a lawyer, Xiao Zhang is a doctor
D.Xiao Wang is a teacher, Xiao Li is a doctor, Xiao Zhang is a lawyer

d
Regarding the phenomenon that cheating is repeatedly banned, a certain class of a certain college promised that as long as the whole class signed the letter of commitment, then if one person in the class cheated, the test results of the whole class would fail.This promise of the class.As a result, some people still cheated in the class, but the class leader's test score was excellent.
The conclusion from the above judgment logic is:
A.The class leader took improper measures to prevent the school from strictly implementing its commitments.
B.Most people in the class did not cheat
C.No one in the class signed the letter of commitment
D.Someone in the class did not sign the letter of commitment

a
The pass rate of a factory's products is 95%, and 100 of them are spot-checked, and no substandard is found.
Which of the following is correct:
A · Sampling again, there may be 7 failures
B · The qualification rate of this product should be 100%
C · Then the next spot-check must be 10 unqualified
D · The qualification rate of this product should be greater than 95%

c
Observations in laboratory experiments and clinical trials show that some commonly used antibacterial drugs should be taken on an empty stomach, because food can affect the absorption of the drug or significantly reduce the drug utilization rate after taking it after a meal.
Which of the following options best support the above assertions:
A.Antibacterial drugs, not very irritating to the stomach and intestines, can be taken on an empty stomach
B.Antibacterials suitable for fasting are only a small part of all antibacterials
C.People want to increase the efficacy of drugs when they take them
D.In the past, the use of antibacterial drugs was obviously unreasonable.

b
As the situation in the Middle East escalates gradually, crude oil prices in the international oil market have risen sharply.However, many economic analysts are optimistic that unless the demand surges or the Middle East oil producers collectively resist, oil prices will not continue to rise.Oil producers in the Middle East have not taken an oil embargo or other similar actions, and demand for oil in international markets has not increased sharply.
According to the above text, which of the following can be introduced is:
An International oil market prices continue to rise
B The situation in the Middle East has further deteriorated
C economic analysts will re-analyze the reasons for the rise and fall in oil prices
D Oil stock prices rise in national stock markets

d
· If you have a cold, many people will use the method of diet.Since the hot fever and cold symptoms such as dry throat, cough and yellow phlegm, you should use cold watermelon, pear and other fruits, and dandelion and other heat-relief drugs.Tea drinking for diet.
The one that most directly undermines these conclusions is:
A.In the early stages of a cold, the cold and evil people invade the human skin and body surface.You can drink a bowl of brown sugar ginger soup, gingerol in ginger, and ginger one can sweat and expel evil spirits.
B.Cold food has the effect of clearing heat and detoxifying, and some of them can supplement the body with necessary proteins and vitamins.
C.I got a hot cold.The correct way is to clear the heat and give the evil air a way out.
D.The extensive use of cold medicine and food will cause qi and blood to stagnate, which will prevent the discharge of wind-heat diseases.

c
· A company has four candidates: A.B, W, and D.In order to form the best negotiation lineup, the company has the following arrangements: If A is sent and B is not sent, then C He Dingzhong must send at least one person.
If the company didn't send one, the most supportive of this conclusion is:
A.Send B, not C and D
B.Do not send B, D and C
C.B, C and D were not sent
D.B, C, Ding are sent

d
· Zhang Hua, Zhang Guang, and Zhang Liang are classmates, and their sisters Zhang Mei, Zhang Li, and Zhang Qiao are also attending the same school.Zhang Mei said: "My brother and Zhang Guang are both members of the school basketball team, and "Three of them are the shortest." Zhang Li said, "Zhang Liang is taller than Zhang Qiao's brother."
If all the above situations are true, three pairs of siblings can be introduced:
A.Zhang Hua and Zhang Mei, Zhang Guang and Zhang Li, Zhang Liang and Zhang Qiao
B.Zhang Hua and Zhang Qiao, Zhang Guang and Zhang Mei, Zhang Liang and Zhang Li
C.Zhang Hua and Zhang Li, Zhang Guang and Zhang Qiao, Zhang Liang and Zhang Mei
D.Zhang Hua and Zhang Mei, Zhang Guang and Zhang Qiao, Zhang Liang and Zhang Li

b
Psychologists believe that people generally have a desire for communication and a need for true love.Some modern people who are tired of mass blessings have begun to reposition holiday blessings and resist mass blessings.Attentive people will find that the same as the previous two years Compared with all text messages, this year's original text messages have increased significantly, and the New Year greeting cards, which have been silent for many years, are also coming.
The assumptions underlying the above argument are:
A · Since the contents of the holiday blessing messages are mostly "clones", large-scale mass transmissions naturally inevitably have duplicates.
B.Blessing masses dilute true feelings, and even make people feel that they are not valued or respected
C.It is estimated that the number of mobile phone text messages across the country during the 7-day holiday of the Spring Festival is estimated to be about 12 billion, compared with 11 billion during the Spring Festival holiday last year.
D.Modern people are not innovative when sending holiday blessing text messages.Reading too many will inevitably make people tired.

b
During the investigation of a food poisoning incident, the doctor found out that the poisoned people who visited the same day had different foods, but everyone ate a mushroom sold at a farmer's market.Based on this, it was determined that the poisoning may be caused by the poison of this mushroom.
Which of the following ways of reasoning are similar to the stem:
A.after research, scientists have found that the content of calcium in the hair of healthy people is on average higher than the content of calcium in the hair of people with myocardial infarction.
B, people found that foods such as steamed buns, rice, and meat products will deteriorate in the summer, and their textures are different, but because they are all in the high-temperature season, it is easy for bacteria to multiply.Therefore, high-temperature conditions are the reason for food deterioration.
C, rubbing hands can generate heat, hitting stones can generate heat, friction can generate heat, these are friction, there is no opposite case, so friction can generate heat
D, by observing the penguin skiing posture, people designed a polar off-road vehicle that can reach a speed of 50 kilometers per hour and exceed the penguin speed.

a
Traditional Korean medicine has a theory of "heaven and man unite", that is, the small environment in the human body must be harmonized with the large environment in the natural world in order to make people more compliant with changes in the natural world and increase the human body's resistance to adverse external influences.
According to this theory, in the hot summer days, Koreans are more inclined to eat:
A cold food to reduce the temperature of the human body and adapt to the needs of the external environment
B, hot food, supplement the calories and nutrients lost by the body due to heavy perspiration in a "hot supplement" manner
C, a reasonable mix of cold and hot foods to maintain balanced body temperature and nutrition
D, food that is neither cold nor hot, to avoid the excessive temperature difference between the human body and the external environment and loss of nutrients

d
The evolutionary biology research team at Hokkaido University in Japan observed the activities of three ant colonies consisting of 30 ants.It was found that most of the ants were diligent in finding and handling food, while a few ants were idle all day and looked around.Interesting The thing is, when biologists mark these "lazy ants" and cut off the food source of the ant colonies, those ants who work hard and work hard in the early days are unable to do anything, and the "lazy ants" come forward.", Leading the ants to the new food source they have detected.
If we consider an organization that divides labor and coordination as an "ant colony", then, when an organization is facing a crisis of survival and development, it is even more necessary that:
A.a leader who is good at dividing and configuring labor according to the type and characteristics of talents
B, do nothing, do not seek to be lazy
C, hard-working, down-to-earth hardworking person
D, who cares about the overall situation by focusing on specific issues and focusing on organizational innovation and development

b
American management scientists have proposed the famous "wood barrel principle".This principle tells us that the value of a wooden barrel made of multiple wooden boards depends on its water content, but the key factor that determines the water content of the wooden barrel is not its The longest plank, but its shortest plate.
If we consider an enterprise as a wooden barrel, then what determines the overall capabilities of the enterprise are:
A the comprehensive strength of the company in product quality, technology development, brand building, etc.
B, Weak links in enterprise construction and development
C, the core advantages of the company in the competition
D.Coordination and coordination of various links in the composition of the enterprise

a
In the third quarter of this year, the clothing department of the Ricky Mall in a certain city played a "festival card" and made full use of the festival to carry out promotional activities so that the third quarter's sales continued to grow.According to statistics, sales in July increased by 8 %, An increase of 10% in August, and a 13% increase in September.The management of the mall hopes to promote this holiday promotion strategy to the entire mall in the fourth quarter of this year, and strives to leapfrog the sales of all sales departments of the mall.
Which of the following, if true, would most effectively illustrate that this store management's hopes might be missed:
A.shopping for clothes during the festival has become a consumption habit, but people don't seem to be keen on buying other goods during the festival
B, I worked hard for a year, and many people bulged up at the end of the year, hoping to buy good products for themselves, loved ones, or friends to show their sacrifice to themselves and their condolences to relatives and friends
C, the clothing department of Ricky Mall took care of the potential of consumers in traditional Chinese festivals in the third quarter, and focused on different consumers for different festivals.
D, the city's "festival card" malls are not only one Ricky mall, but these malls have formed their own relatively fixed consumer groups over the years

d
According to official data, a total of 640,000 people took the national civil service exam in 2008, and the number of candidates increased by 12% compared with the previous year.The most competitive central party and mass organizations refer to public institutions managed by civil servants, and the average competition ratio is as high as 162: 1.From a certain perspective, the national civil service examination has become one of the most competitive examinations in China today.Many college students The pursuit of the civil service profession, especially the incorrect understanding of the civil service profession, has led to the emergence of "public service registration fever."
The one thing that can most weaken the above argument is:
A.Under the huge employment pressure, many college graduates will apply for civil servants as an important employment opportunity and way out
B, the impartiality of the civil service examination recruitment system attracts college students to participate in this fair competition
C.Compared with other occupations, civil servants not only have a more stable occupation, but also have a relatively complete, good treatment and security system.
D.In recent years, the number of serving civil servants applying for civil servants has been increasing year by year.

d
According to the analysis of the selection of foreign books introduced by the national press in 2005, a total of 6,737 topics were introduced, of which 13.65% were natural sciences and 14.36% was economics.
It can be inferred from this text:
A foreign books that have academic value but have market risks are often coldly treated by domestic publishers
B.The proportion of foreign advanced science and technology books is obviously low, and the number of humanities and social sciences is not only large, but also a certain type.
C, Classical classics of foreign literature, because there is no need to buy the copyright, the market has always had a stable readership, so it has been repeatedly published
D.The introduction of natural science books requires higher translation quality and longer cycles, resulting in a lower proportion of translation and publication.

d
The World Health Organization estimates that there are as many as 120 million people suffering from depression worldwide, almost one in four will.Mental or behavioral problems occur at some stage in life.Global disease rankings are second, after heart disease.About 26 million people in China currently suffer from depression at different levels, but in sharp contrast to the high incidence of depression, 90% of people with depression Failing to see a doctor promptly because he didn't realize he might be suffering from depression.
According to this text, we can know:
A.as many as one-quarter of the world's population suffer from depression
B, heart disease currently ranks first in the global disease list
C, the lack of timely medical treatment is the cause of the high incidence of depression
D, No more than 3 million timely medical treatments for Chinese patients with depression

c
To cure the bad, sometimes to treat the bad with the bad, to deal with the big bad with the small bad, and to deal with the real bad with the fake bad, the bad person will also do good things, but as long as good people have done bad things, they will become bad people
From this we can infer:
A.good people cannot rule bad people
B, there can be no good people in the world
C, people who have done good things may not be good people
D, people who have done bad things are not necessarily bad people

d
The famous American economist Arthur Okun discovered the empirical relationship between economic growth and unemployment in cyclical fluctuations, that is, when real GDP growth relative to potential GDP growth (usually defined as 3%) 2 The unemployment rate rises by about 1% at the rate of 1%; this rule of thumb is named after its discoverer, known as Okun ’s law.The concept of potential GDP was first proposed by Okun, and it refers to keeping prices relatively stable.The largest output value produced by the country's economy.Potential GDP is also called full-employment GDP.
Which of the following analysis methods are the same as above:
A.the legs of the frog have a strong pedaling force on the water surface, and the reaction force of the water to the frog is also very large.People are inspired by it, imitating the frog invented the swimming method of the breaststroke
B, the speed of the gear is inversely proportional to the number of teeth, that is, the more the number of teeth of the gear, the slower the speed of the gear
C, the bat can fly fast at night and can avoid obstacles, because its ears can hear the echo generated by the ultrasound when it encounters the obstacle.If the bat's ear is blocked, it will hit the obstacle; if Blind the bat's eyes without hitting the obstacle
D, there is a broom cloud in the sky, no rain for three days

c
Laboratory experiments and clinical trial observations show that some commonly used antibacterial drugs should be taken on an empty stomach, because after taking a meal, food may affect the absorption of the drug, or make the drug utilization rate significantly lower.
Which of the following most support the above assertions:
A.antibacterial drugs, not irritating to the stomach and intestines, can be taken on an empty stomach
B, antibacterials taken on an empty stomach are just a small part of all antibacterials
C, people want to increase the efficacy of drugs when taking them
D.In the past, the use of antibacterial drugs was obviously unreasonable.

b
In recent years, sales of Lipstick Cosmetics have increased significantly, while the brand's advertising costs have also increased significantly.Industry insiders believe that the increase in sales of Lipstick Cosmetics is due to its promotional role in advertising.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.advertising costs of Lipstick cosmetics, not more than other cosmetics
B, few of the buyers of Lipstick cosmetics notice the brand's ads
C, very few people noticed the ads of Lipstick cosmetics
D, in recent years, the total sales of cosmetics have increased significantly

c
According to the U.S.Census report, after deducting inflation, middle-income household income increased by 1.6% in 1983 compared to 1982.Normally, as household income rises, the number of poor will decrease.However, the national poverty rate in 1983 was 18 years The Census Division provided two possible reasons: the deep, long-lasting effects of the 1981-1982 recession; the number of households supported by women and the number of adults not living with relatives Increase, and both are poorer than the entire population.
Which of the following conclusions can be drawn from this report?
A.the national poverty rate has been steadily increasing for 18 years
B, if the early economic recession still brings continuous effects, the national poverty rate will rise
C, even if some households in the population have fallen or have not increased their income, the median household income may still increase
D.Middle-income income is more affected by changes in family patterns than by the degree of expansion or decline of the national economy

d
Former U.S.President Lincoln said: "The most brilliant scammer may deceive all people at one time or some people at all times, but it is impossible to deceive all people at all times."
If the above assertion is true, which of the following assertions must be false?
A.Lincoln may be deceived at some point
B, Lincoln may not be cheated at any time
C, there is no one who may not be deceived at some point
D, there is no one at a time

d
If Lili attends a class reunion, then Xiaoqiang, Dazhuang and Li Tie will also join the class reunion.
If the above conclusion is true, which of the following must also be true?
A.if Lili does not attend classmates, then Xiaoqiang does not.
B, if Xiao Zhang, Da Zhuang and Li Tie are attending a class reunion together, then Lili also participates
C, if Lili and Xiaoqiang attend classmates' gathering, then Dazhuang and Li Tie will not attend
D, if Li Tie does not attend classmates, then Lili does not attend

d
Generalization is a way of thinking that is completely opposite to the scientific method.The scientific method requires people to examine all the information that can be collected, then form a rule that can be used to explain all the information, and then test the rationality of the rule Generalization is based on a certain fact or an event to form a general law, and it never tests the rationality of this law.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are generalized ().
A.Wang has always been the school's long-distance running champion, but he lost in a recent competition.Wang believes that this is due to the wet and slippery runway after the rain, which affected his performance.
B.When Einstein was in elementary and middle school, his homework was normal, his behavior was slow, he didn't love fellow people, and his teachers and classmates didn't like him.One teacher once said, "Einstein, you won't succeed when you grow up.Device."
C.Zhang was late when he was dating his girlfriend.He saw his girlfriend sitting there silently and thought, "She must be angry because I was late."
D.Koyanagi has been unsuccessful recently.He is often reprimanded by his boss.He lost his wallet on the bus and twisted his waist after moving things.He felt this was bad luck recently.

a
The "threshold to enter the threshold" effect refers to the phenomenon of increasing the possibility of accepting a larger request before making a larger request.
According to the above definition, Which of the following items that meet the "threshold threshold" effect are ().
A.A survey shows that the proportion of residents in a city willing to donate to save endangered species is 48%, and if people are asked to sign the petition to save endangered species (almost everyone will agree to sign), then they are invited to donate and are willing to donate Increased by 20%
B.The savvy merchants often set the price far higher than the actual price when selling the product, and then let the customer accept a relatively low price when bargaining.In fact, this low price is still higher than the price that the product should be.But customers are always happy
C.A laptop of a certain brand has a low market share due to the low-cost performance.Manufacturers have formulated a promotional plan for this.When buying this laptop, they will receive a mouse, mp3 and USB flash drive.As a result, the sales of this laptop A substantial increase in volume
D.An enterprise successfully developed a whitening toothpaste that removes smoke stains, and has been well received by the market because of its good effect of removing smoke stains.The company has launched several whitening kinds of toothpaste with different tastes while it is hot.Products are slightly improved, but still, become bestsellers

d
The "transitional reason" effect refers to the phenomenon that additional external reasons replace the original internal reasons in people's hearts and become a supporting force for behaviors, so that behaviors change from internal control to external control.
According to the above definition, Which of the following items that do not meet the "transitional justification" effect are ().
A.A person who compels himself to behave ethically due to the pressure of public opinion.Once the pressure of public opinion is lost, his behavior will naturally exceed the scope of morality.
B.A researcher from a research institute, Xiao Zhanggan, and his enthusiasts devoted themselves to studying the business, turning their research work into their own interests, and achieved remarkable achievements in scientific research.
C.People in management positions will find that the incentive to reward will to some extent encourage employees to maintain high enthusiasm, but if it remains unchanged for a long period of time, once foreign investment rewards are lost or the rewards cannot meet the needs of employees, The result will be worse than before
D.An old man called the nearby noisy children together, and told them who said louder, and who got paid more.By the time the children were used to getting rewards, they would no longer be paid, and as a result, the children have lost interest in loud noises and never make a loud noise near the house where the old man lives

d
The popular public refers to the public that the organization hopes to establish and develop relations with, and the other party also has corresponding needs, and the public who actively initiates relations with the organization.The required public refers to the organization that unilaterally hopes to establish and develop relations, while the other party lacks the corresponding Enthusiasm, the public that the organization needs to strive for.Unpopular public refers to the public who are unwilling to contact and try to avoid, but the other party wants to build and develop relationships and pursues it.
If we think of an enterprise as an organization, for the enterprise, the unpopular public is ().
A.Government authorities
B.Appointed candidates
C.Business competitors
D.Journalists who expose corporate wrongdoing

d
Freelancers refer to people who transform their wisdom, knowledge, ability, and experience into actual benefits through the Internet.They solve problems in science, technology, work, life, and learning on the Internet to make knowledge, wisdom, experience, and skills.Reflecting economic value.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following sites that belong to Freelancer or Freelancer Mode are ().
A.A website provides the search of academic papers for nearly thirty years, but a certain fee will be charged if you want to download the full text
B.Professor Zhao is a well-known expert in the treatment of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases.To serve a wider range of patients, he has created a personal web page on the Internet to provide free professional consultation for patients with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases.The hospital has increased its visibility and attracted more patients to seek medical treatment
C.A large home appliance manufacturing company has launched its own website.Consumers can leave addresses and contact information on the Internet if they encounter any problems in the process of using the home appliances produced by the company.The company provides on-site services
D.This year, there has been a kind of website that has quietly risen on the Internet.Task publishers can post tasks on the website and prepay the task bonus in full to the website.The task attracts many netizens to participate in the task, and the website will receive some bonuses.Pay to the best performing participant

a
The command chain refers to an uninterrupted line of power that extends from the highest level of the organization to the lowest level, clarifying "who reports to whom".It can answer such questions from employees: "Who do I go to when I have questions?" "Who am I responsible for? "
Which of the following organizational designs are not part of the command chain ().
A.If there is a quality problem with an item purchased in a shopping mall, the shopping mall will allow the return of the goods, and then the shopping mall will claim from the product manufacturer.
B.The work content and job authority of each employee of a company are very clear, so the role of the company's employees rarely appears vague, and the work efficiency is much higher than that of peer companies
C.If the hospitalized patient is uncomfortable at night, please inform the nurse first.If the nurse does not know how to deal with the situation, ask the front-line doctor.If the front-line doctor cannot handle it, the second-line doctor is required.
D.A beverage factory has set up various levels of customs on its production line, and each gate sends responsible staff to strictly control the quality to ensure the quality of each bottle of beverages is safe and reliable

c
T-type management refers to the free sharing of knowledge (the horizontal part of T) within an organization, while focusing on the improvement of the performance of a single business unit (the vertical part of T).T-type management learns across business units, shares resources, and communicates ideas.To create horizontal value (horizontal part of T), and at the same time, through the close cooperation of each business unit, the performance of a single business unit (the vertical part of T) is well developed.
According to the above definition, Which of the following items do not use the T-type management method or use the wrong one ().
A.A TV production company often sends business managers to learn advanced management experience, and the management level of managers has been greatly improved, which directly promotes the improvement of business economic benefits.
B.Zhang is a branch manager of a large supermarket chain.He recklessly learned from other branches the experience of purchasing and inventory arrangement, which reduced the inventory of the stores he managed by 20% and increased sales by 10%.
C.When Wang was newly appointed as the head of a food production enterprise department, because he knew little about the business of food storage, he deliberately seconded several colleagues from other departments to help him develop perfect rules and regulations on food storage.
D.An enterprise often calls sales personnel to hold experience exchange meetings.At the exchange meetings, everyone introduced their successful sales experience and methods.After each exchange meeting, everyone's sales performance will be improved.

b
Incentive constraints, that is, the organization uses various methods to stimulate people's motivation according to the expected goals and human behavior rules, so that people have an inherent motivation and requirements, and motivate, initiative and creativity, while regulating human behavior, The process of moving towards the desired goal of the organization.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are the incentive constraints ().
A.Xiao Wang often arrives late for work.Recently, the company made a new rule.Those who are late will be deducted from the bonus for the whole month.Xiao Wang has to get up half an hour early every day.Sure enough, he has not been late in a month.
B.A school organizes a lecture competition for young teachers, and the winner will be awarded the title of pacesetter for youth lectures.Despite the school's regulations for voluntary registration, young teachers still sign up
C.A company encourages employees to add value by themselves and provides employees with opportunities to go out for training.The enthusiasm of the employees' response has made the company's staffing a bit nervous for a while.
D.The new manager Li of a company has a strong business ability and is kind and courteous, and has quickly won unanimous recognition and praise from employees.

d
Concentric multi-dimension business strategy refers to the strategy of taking a major product as the center, making full use of the product's technological and market advantages and strengths, and continuously expanding outward to produce multiple products and enrich the product series structure.It is an enterprise Use the original production technology conditions to manufacture new products with different uses than the original products.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following companies use the concentric multi-diagonal business strategy ().
A.An automobile manufacturing company explores and expands the market through mergers and holdings.It spends huge sums of money to acquire a well-known foreign automobile manufacturing enterprise and attribute its original high-end products to this well-known brand.
B.An oil exploration and development company refines and refines the petroleum it produces, produces various petrochemical products, and organizes the sales of these products on its own
C.A clothing manufacturing company is famous all over the country for its unique and innovative design.After its success, it has invested in construction, retail, and other industries to develop into a comprehensive group company.
D.The refrigerator produced by an enterprise has a good refrigeration effect, and its sales volume is in the leading position among similar products in the country.Later, the company produced air conditioners, and the products were also well received by consumers.

b
A lie is a sentence or words in which the speaker speaks of what he considers true (he may not know the truth of the matter himself) as untrue to the listener, so that the listener believes that "there is nothing" Or to say that something that really exists is "non-existent."
Which of the following are lies ().
A.Xiao Zhang was diagnosed with cancer and he did not tell his family.After actively adjusting his schedule and life, his body recovered and the lesions disappeared.At this time, he told his family that he had stayed away from cancer.
B.Xiao Li, a poor family, has been earning living expenses after working out of class.When he was a senior, he wanted to apply for a graduate student.
C.Yang told Xiao Qian that she and her classmate Xiao Chen could find a job in the field, Xiao Qian gladly told Xiao Chen.Later Yang asked the two to work in a factory in a certain place, the wages were very low and there were no rest days, Xiao Chen Think that small money has cheated her
D.Old Liu met the old classmate when he visited the old place again and asked an old acquaintance.The old classmate told him that the old acquaintance was sick and left.

c
Direct selling refers to a business method in which a direct selling company recruits direct sellers who directly sell products to end consumers outside the fixed business premises.
Which of the following are direct sales ().
A.After a dairy product manufacturer selects a salesperson, it has set up a hundred sales points in the city to sell dairy products at a uniform price.
B.A bookstore adopts an online sales method.After the customer places an order, the courier will deliver the product to the designated place and charge a fee.
C.Some salesmen recruited by a makeup brand set up stalls along the road to distribute product descriptions and sell them to customers at lower prices
D.At the beginning of the new year, the freshman Xiaohe bought five desk lamps at the wholesale market, one for his own use, and the other four sold to classmates.

b
Sports tourism refers to individuals who temporarily leave their usual place of residence or work, participate in sports activities, watch sports activities, or watch sports-related attractions, leisure-based tourism activities.
Which of the following does not belong to sports tourism ().
A.Fan Xiaoli rushed to Dalian to watch the Super League
B.Xiao Zhang, a member of the bicycle club, took a job with a courier company after cycling to Shanghai
C.After the 2008 Beijing Olympics, many foreign tourists came to Beijing to visit the Bird's Nest and Water Cube.
D.Xiao Li from a group company in Guangzhou is a swimmer.He was elected to Qingdao to participate in a swimming competition.

d
Traditional logic regards the law of the middle row as one of the basic rules of things, meaning that anything has or does not have a certain property at the same time, but there is no other possibility.The law of the middle row is also the law of thinking, which refers to the same thinking process A proposition can be neither true nor false, i.e.two contradictory thoughts cannot be false at the same time.
Based on this definition, one of the following violations of the middle row rule is ().
A.Xiaolu returned to the dormitory after playing football, Xiaochen asked him: "Did you win?" Xiaolu said, "No." Xiaochen asked, "So, lost?" Xiaolu said, "No."
B.Xiao Zhou said in an interview with the recruitment unit: "My major is not sociology or education."
After C.A and B played chess, a viewer said with a smile, "It seems that neither of you can win."
D.This war cannot be said to be just or unjust

c
Job burnout refers to the fact that when practitioners cannot effectively alleviate the work pressure caused by various factors, they deeply feel that the pay and return are not equal, and they have no interest or motivation in the work they are engaged in but have to do it., Mental and physical exhaustion, work performance is significantly reduced, thereby showing negative attitudes and behaviors on the occupation they are engaged in.
Based on the above definitions, one of the following items that cannot effectively deal with burnout is ().
A.Appropriately reduce the overburdened work on the production line and share it among multiple people
B.Psychology, pedagogy and professional ethics training organized by teachers in schools
C.A company implements a punishment system for employees who fail the monthly performance assessment for three consecutive months
D.The prison invites psychologists to provide regular psychological counselling and counselling for police officers

a
Emotional extortion is a powerful means of emotional manipulation, that is, using fear, responsibility, and guilt to control others in life.There are four types of emotional extortionists.The first is the "punisher", and such people say: "Unless you follow I mean to do it, or I will punish you "; the second is" self-punisher ", such people say:" unless you do what I mean, I will punish myself "; the third is" "Victim", such a person said: "If you do not meet my requirements, then I have been victimized, this is caused by you"; the fourth is "teaser", adopting "carrot" strategy, but never let satisfaction The people he asked for really ate "carrots".
According to the above definition, Which of the following are emotional extortion ().
A.After a male college student loses love, he shouts loudly at the dormitory building of the girl he admires, and climbs a tree in the dormitory area, threatening that if XX does not come out again, he will jump and commit suicide.The window suddenly opened, she cried and said "I love you" to the boy, and then the two met tightly and hugged
B.In order to encourage his son to learn English, every five words that his son learns, he is rewarded with a small five-pointed star.If he collects 5 pieces, he can redeem big chocolate.If he collects 100 pieces, he can get one of his favorite.Robot model, this method really improved the child's enthusiasm for learning English
C.A man begged for his past lover to return to his side.After being rejected, he actually walked into the family of three of his past lover, detonated explosives, and killed his past lover and his 3-year-old daughter.Died on the spot
D.The attendance system of employees of a unit is very strict.The leader of the unit said at the conference: If there is an event, you must take leave in advance.If the employee is two hours late, the employee's full-day salary will be deducted.Week's salary

a
The playground implements a half-price concession for children's ticket purchases.This is actually a business strategy to attract tourists.The playground does not actually give benefits, because when the admission rate of the playground exceeds 90%, the children's discount tickets on the spot are stopped.However, under the current economic downturn, the admission rate of playgrounds rarely exceeds 90%.There are empty recreational facilities, so why not attract tourists at preferential prices?
Which of the following, if true, would most effectively weaken the above argument? ()
A.Most children do not choose to go to the playground because of discounted fares
B.In July, the children's discount price was implemented in the playground, and the turnover increased by 30% compared with February when the discount price was not implemented.
C.The implementation of children's preferential fares is an expression of the importance attached to minors and should not be evaluated from a utilitarian perspective
D.When playgrounds implement child discounts, parents discounts should also be implemented

a
Logical reasoning refers to the thought process of deriving a new proposition from one or more known propositions.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not logical inferences:
A.The sun shines on the stone; this stone is smaller than that stone; this stone is hotter than that stone
B.Everyone will die; Zhang San is human; Zhang San will also die
C.Chinese are hardworking and brave; Zhang San is Chinese; Zhang San is hardworking and brave
D.Black horse is a horse; a white horse is not a black horse; a white horse is not a horse

b
A definition that is too broad refers to a logical error that occurs during the definition of a concept due to insufficient restrictions on the connotation of the concept.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are too broad definitions:
A.Commodities are products exchanged by currency in modern society
B.People are animals living in groups
C.Opportunists are people who advocate opportunism
D.The so-called breath is the material form of the income generated from the original, and the original refers to the material that produces the breath.

b
Powerful arrogance is sophistry that blatantly disregards at least common sense and facts, and is arrogant or cheeky.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not strong words:
A.(AQ turns over the wall and enters the nun, steals the radish and is caught by the old nun) The old nun: "AQ, how do you jump into the garden to steal radish?" AQ: "When will I jump into your garden Stealing carrots? "The old nun pointed to his pocket and said," Now ...isn't it? "Ah Q:" This is yours? Can you call it to promise you? "
B.A tax evader defended himself in court: "I admit that I should pay 500,000 yuan in taxes.But my company is starting a large project, and the funds are tight, and no money can be drawn at all.You pity me Well, pity my company and my employees.If so much money is withdrawn, my company will go bankrupt, and thousands of employees will lose their jobs.Who bears this responsibility? "
C.Teacher: "You should give your child a lot of baths.The classmates are unwilling to be at the same table with him, because they can't stand the stench on him." Parents: "What's your problem if you don't wash? The school came to study, not for you to smell, he is not a rose! "
D.Inpatients: "Why is your hospital food so bad?" The hospital cafeteria administrator: "You came here to treat illness, not to eat."

b
The blind man touches the elephant-it is said that several blind men touched an elephant, said that the elephant was like a pillar when they touched their legs, said that the elephant was like a snake when they touched their bodies, and each had their own opinions.Blind people use elephants as a metaphor to understand things incompletely, to be stubborn, and to speculate wildly.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following phenomena cannot be best described by blind touch:
A.An official went to the local inspection and came into contact with the affluent demonstration zone, and concluded that the economic construction in this area is doing well.
B.After being criticized by the director, Lao Li suddenly found that the director's leadership ability was extremely poor
C.In the sampling survey, the investigation team only took very few cases for investigation
D.In class matters, the headteacher only listened to the opinions of some class officials

a
Involuntary behavior refers to behavior caused by force majeure or contrary to the subjective will of the actor.
Which of the following behaviors best meet the definition of involuntary behavior:
A.During the storm, the captain ordered to push the cargo and cargo into the sea in order to protect the safety of the people on board.
B.Misappropriation of public funds by the accounting department of the township finance office in order to treat the mother
C.Due to ignorance of the law, Xiao Chen hid the offending friend at home
D.In the dark, the robber Wang accidentally stabbed his friend to death

d
Equal election refers to an election method in which the number of candidates is equal to the number of elected persons.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are equal-election elections:
A.Ouyang has been appointed as the leader of our group
B.2008 US presidential election
C.1: 1 interview for graduate admission this year
D.There is only one candidate for a squad leader election this year

c
Administrative punishment refers to administrative law sanctions imposed on citizens, legal persons or other organizations that constitute administrative violations.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following cases are administrative penalties:
A.Schools severely punish students for cheating in exams
B.The judge sentenced to 10 years in prison for theft
C.The health department imposes a closing penalty on restaurants that fail the sanitary inspection
D.A supermarket takes the penalty of "stealing one penalty and ten" for supermarket thieves

b
The covariation method of traditional inductive logic refers to that if only one situation changes on several occasions where the phenomenon under study changes, then the only change is the cause or effect of the phenomenon under study.
According to the above definitions, the covariation method is used in the following inductions:
A.A pharmaceutical company's drug is tried by 1,000 people of different genders, ages, and physical conditions.No one has side effects.Therefore, taking this drug will not cause side effects.
B.In 1917, American physiologist Jacques Loeb et al.Found that under other conditions unchanged and normal temperature changes, the lifespan of fruit flies can be doubled for every 8 ° C decrease in temperature.It can be concluded that Drosophila lifespan is related to temperature
C.People have long thought that "swans are white." After discovering that there are black swans in Australia, people know that "swans are not all white."
D.A colleague of Pierre Curie put a small glass filled with radium reagent in his underwear pocket for several hours.After a few days, he noticed that the skin next to the underwear pocket was red.Curie also did one on himself.A series of experiments showed the same results.He concluded that the skin damage was caused by radium rays

b
In a shooting case in a city, the police arrested Li after investigation and determined that he was the murderer.The reasoning process of the police was as follows: The deceased was shot while passing by the city bank building, and according to the person at the scene at the time, the bullet was fired from the third floor of the bank building.This means that only the person who stayed on the third floor of the bank building when the deceased was shot can commit the crime, and it was proved that Li was on the third floor of the bank building at the time.So Li was the murderer.
Which of the following reasoning is similar to the police's wrong reasoning?
A.If it rains, the yard will get wet; if it doesn't rain, the yard won't get wet
B.Only when the yard is wet, it rains; the yard is wet, so it rains
C.Only when the yard is wet, it rains; the sky is not raining, so the yard is not wet
D.If it rains, the yard will be wet; the yard is not wet, so it doesn't rain

d
Some medical scientists believe that the increase in metal ions in the human body is the cause of human aging.In 1978, several scientists performed an interesting experiment on an invertebrate rotifer.The healthy rotifer was divided into two groups, one Injecting a substance that can eliminate metal ions in the group, as a result, the rotifers injected with this substance have a much longer life span than the rotifers without injection.It can be seen that the increasing number of metal ions in the human body is the cause of human aging.
From the above we know:
A.Many medical scientists are interested in a long life
B.People should take as little metal as possible
C.Metal ions are the cause of human aging
D.Some scientists have studied the causes of human aging through experiments

d
In 936, a U.S.magazine agency conducted a poll on the presidential election through telephone interviews and interviews with car owners found in car registration data.More than 2 million tests were recovered from more than 10 million test papers issued by it.Looking at it, most people support the Republican presidential candidate, Langdon, and do not like another presidential candidate, Roosevelt, but in the end, Roosevelt was elected.
Which of the following reasons best describes the failure of the magazine's test?
A.U.S.voters are fickle
B.Not enough test people
C.Test volume recovery is not high
D.Test subjects as people who have a phone and a car mainly belonged to the middle and upper social classes in the United States at the time, and they did not account for the majority of voters

b
A.B, B, E, and B.went to Shanghai to participate in the World Expo.One day, five people had a dispute over the choice of visitors.D was an American fan, and he must go to the U.S.Pavilion.C was D's daughter, who acted with his mother.There was a quarrel, and he was determined not to walk with Ding.In the case of E, there must be E in places where B.Three of the last five people visited the U.S.Pavilion.
Which of the following three people visited the U.S.Pavilion?
A.C, D, B
B.C, D, E
C.A.C, D
D.A.B, E

a
Scientists inspected some fish living in the sea and found that they were different in shape, size, and species, but they had a special structure on the gill sheet that could exclude salt.The scientists called it a "chloride-secreting cell" tissue..Scientists also examined some freshwater fish and found that although freshwater fish are also different in size, size, and species, there is no such "chloride-secreting cell" tissue on the gill sheet.Therefore, scientists believe that these Species is the reason why marine fish live in the sea for a long time, but the meat does not have a salty taste
From the above information, we can learn:
A.There is a special structure on the gills of sea fish that can eliminate salt
B.The higher the saltiness of the seawater, the more developed the "chloride-secreting cells" of the marine fish
C."Chloride-secreting cells" tissue is unique to marine fish
D.Marine fish and freshwater fish are completely different in size, size and species

b
Zhang Xiucai asked Liangyou to go out for business.The next morning, Zhang Xiucai first went to the ferry boat of Li Chuanfu and waited.Li Chuanfu was always greedy for money, and now seeing Zhang Xiucai alone with silver, he made a fortune and killed the river.Later, he waited for Zhang Xiu to appear, and sent Li Chuanfu to inquire.Li Chuanfu went to his home and asked Qimen: "Is Zhang Zhangzi, Zhang Niangzi, Zhang Xiucai at home?" When asked about the situation, he knew that Li Chuanfu was a murderer.
Based on the above information, which of the following situations best supports the judgment of the county order?
A.Li Chuanfu has long been notorious for money
B.Li Chuanfu's knock on the door is called Mrs.Zhang, she must know that there is no husband in the door
C.The friends who went with Zhang Xiucai are good friends
D.The road from Zhang Xiucai's home to the ferry has always been peaceful

c
In interpersonal communication, people always find that people who do good deeds are always easy to lose, and even suffer disasters, but bad people are often cheaper, so that they become more and more popular.So slowly people no longer do good deeds, but act in their own private interests.The only standard.Some philosophers conclude that this standard is the "natural law" of human life.
Which of the following phenomena is the least relevant to the above conclusion?
A.Weak countries have no diplomacy in international affairs
B.Hookers, robbers, princes
C.Close to Zhu Zhe, Black to Black
D.Survival of the fittest, weak meat and strong food

d
A recent research institute has made a large number of investigations and found that people from the upper classes of famous families are 50% more likely to succeed than people of ordinary origin.Therefore, the quality of people is mainly determined by genetics.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.Long Shenglong, Feng Shengfeng, the rat's son will punch holes
B.Famous families in history often start at the end
C.There are no three generations in the family, and no prominent family can escape the historical law of reincarnation.
D.Human success is largely related to external environmental factors such as acquired educational opportunities

d
According to the different effects of the ability compensation method on the overall effect of the ability system, the mutual compensation methods between the ability can be divided into two types: unbalanced compensation and balanced compensation.Unbalanced compensation refers to the use of superior capabilities to compensate for weak capabilities, thereby strengthening The way of overall ability.Balanced compensation refers to the way to strengthen the overall ability by improving the weak ability.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is the non-equilibrium compensation in the following items?
A.When Xiao Zhang just came to the auto repair factory, he only had a slight understanding of the engine repair technology.Later, under the leadership of the master, he studied hard and finally mastered this technology.
B.Wang Ming and several classmates formed a band.In order to cultivate mutual understanding and better cooperation, they often rehearse in their spare time.
C.Xiaoli often browses entertainment news online.Over time, she knows all kinds of entertainment news.
D.The No.5 athlete of the volleyball team is characterized by the strong offense and blocking, but defense is weak, and the pass is weak.The coach arranges it to defend in the first position.

a
An ambition level is a psychological need to achieve a certain quality standard for an individual's work.Before an individual engages in an actual job, he or she will estimate the achievement goal in advance, and then make every effort to work towards this goal.If the quality and quantity of work meet or exceed the predetermined standards, there will be a sense of success, otherwise there will be a sense of failure and frustration.
According to the above definition, which of the following mentalities meets the level of ambition?
A.Under the careful cultivation of Mr.Zhang, the rice seedlings in the experimental field produced full ears of rice.
B.Some builders ignore the country's legal discipline and cut corners in construction work
C.Old Zhao gave up the superior conditions abroad and returned to the motherland when he was young
D.Xiao Wang completes his work in a timely manner according to the requirements of the work schedule, and never delays

b
Bill rights, also called rights on bills, refer to the holder's payment obligations to the bill acceptor, promissory note payer, and check holder upon presentation of the bill, exercise of the right to request payment of the bill amount, and no payment if no payment is received Acceptance or another exercise of the right to reciprocate without payment due.
which of the following are rights that do not belong to the bill?
A.The bearer presents the bill and asks the bill acceptor to grant the time limit for payment
B.The holder's right to change the note without the consent of the invoicer
C.The bearer presents the note and requires the holder of the check to exercise the right to pay
D.The holder's right to recourse within the prescribed time limit if he has not received the due payment

d
Business tax is a tax levied on the business income of providing taxable labor services, transferring intangible assets or selling real estate in China.It occurs in the process of production, operation, consumption, and circulation, and is the operation of non-commercial goods and services.A turnover tax imposed on income.
Which of the following is not required to pay business tax?
A.A large supermarket
B.Real estate company buying and selling real estate
C.Operating income of a dance hall
D.Teachers issue graduation certificates to students at cost

d
The lawsuit of payment refers to the civil lawsuit requesting the people's court to order the defendant to fulfill certain payment obligations to the plaintiff who has the right to claim payment.The lawsuit of confirmation refers to the plaintiff asking the court to confirm the existence or non-existence of the legal relationship it claims The difference between a civil action request and an action for confirmation is that the party only requires the people's court to confirm the existence of the disputed legal relationship between the parties, and does not directly require the people's court to order a payment.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is the confirmed action in the following items?
A.Liu has repeatedly claimed that Zhao's academic papers were plagiarized many times in public.Zhao found Liu's theory and asked him to apologize, but Liu refused.Zhao filed a lawsuit to the people's court and asked Liu to stop Infringement, apology
B.Ms.Zhou often had quarrels with her husband after marriage, which seriously affected the relationship between the two, so she proposed to divorce her husband, and the husband expressed disagreement.Ms.Zhou filed a lawsuit to the people's court, demanding that the marriage relationship be dissolved.
C.Dr.Zhang found a seriously ill baby abandoned by his parents in the corridor of the pediatric ward.Dr.Zhang found the parents of the baby, but the parents still refused to raise the baby.Dr.Zhang sued the parents of the baby to the court for abandonment
D.Ms.Wang registered the house she bought at the expense of her brother so that her nephew could go to school nearby.When her brother sued for divorce, the house was listed as marital property, and Ms.Wang filed a lawsuit to the court claiming that she was the owner of the house

b
The mission is the purpose and significance of an enterprise's existence, or the reason for its existence, and the value and significance of the sustainable development of the enterprise to the enterprise itself and the society.The vision is the visualization and concreteness of the corporate mission.The differences and limitations of resources and their endowments, each enterprise can only express and realize its mission in a specific field or aspect in a specific way, which manifests itself as a different corporate vision.The strategic goal is that the enterprise will be in a certain period of time.In addition, the results to achieve the mission and vision of the enterprise are also a measure of the business activities of the enterprise.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following are strategic goals of the company described in the following?
A.An electronic product manufacturing enterprise: committed to the research and application of electronic information technology to improve the quality of human society and life
B.A sports product manufacturer: establishing a strong pattern in the growing fitness market
C.A home appliance manufacturer: taking the industry as the responsibility, creating a green world and serving human society
D.A kitchenware manufacturing enterprise: constantly providing human beings with a better, better kitchen culture and lifestyle, and doing everything in their power to make the home feel better

d
Tax arrears: Refers to the behavior of the taxpayer who fails to pay or underpays the tax due to the taxation period approved by the tax authority for any reason.Except for the taxpayer who ordered the taxpayer to repay the tax arrears in accordance with the deadline, the taxpayer will be liable for the delay.From now on, the late payment of taxes owed will be charged on a daily basis.
According to the above definition, which of the following is a tax owed?
A.Mr.Luck was very lucky in a prize-winning event.He won the first prize.The prize was an Audi car.He sold the car for 300,000 yuan and deposited all the money for the car sale.Into a personal account
B.Fang Liping opened a small food service store, and the tax department stipulated that his tax should be levied.When there was a large sale, he would tear off the invoice and fill in the numbers separately with the stub link and the customer link.Fill in the actual amount, and usually fill in a small value on the stub link
C.When a computer company sells personal home computers, if they buy the computer personally, they will issue a self-printed receipt to the buyer; when a buyer is a certain unit or collective, a formal invoice will be issued
D.Li Lin is a migrant worker from another field.Based on two years of labor for others, he found that the current decoration of the house is a consumer hot spot, so he joined several migrant workers to set up a decoration team.The house is where you go.Because they are mobile, it is difficult for the tax and business departments to manage them and there is no way for them to pay taxes

c
Group norms are codes of conduct and standards established by groups that indicate group members in a specific environment.They can be divided into two types: descriptive norms and prescriptive norms.Descriptive norms indicate what people should do in specific situations, and it simply tells People, what behaviors are effective and appropriate.Prescriptive specifications specify what people must do in a given situation, and which of the following is approved or disapproved by people.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is descriptive specifications?
A.Laboratory Code
B.Work safety standards
C.Water conservation slogan
D.Life planning

c
Symbolized consumption means that people consume not only the goods and services themselves, but also the cultural meaning and the value they represent behind the goods and services.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not symbolic consumption in the following items?
A.Merchants said that this spring and summer, polished jeans with ripped knees are popular with consumers.
B.Some people like to buy luxury items that are particularly expensive
C.After Zhang retired, he paid great attention to the maintenance of his body and bought a lot of health products
D.In some areas, many people like to go to the teahouse for morning tea

d
Right of subrogation: In property insurance, if the third party's fault causes the insurance subject to suffer losses within the scope of insurance liability, after the insurer has paid the insurance money in accordance with the agreement of the insurance contract, he may be subrogated within the limit of his compensation Exercise the insured's right to claim compensation from a third party, that is, the right to subrogation.
Which of the following are not necessary conditions for exercising subrogation?
A.Occurs in property insurance
B.The insured has the right to claim damages from a third party due to an insured accident
C.The insurer has paid compensation to the insured
D.The subject matter of insurance exceeds 800,000 yuan

d
Known as the cultural symbol of the Chinese nation, the willow youth paintings were born in the thousand-year-old Yangliuqing.The willow youth paintings are drawn from a wide range of worldly lives, including ladies, dolls, operas, customs, landscapes, flowers and birds, auspicious patterns, mythological stories, historical allusions Into the painting, it has profoundly influenced nearly a hundred kinds of Chinese New Year paintings.Yangliuyang youth paintings have become national and folk art and have become the business cards of Chinese culture.Some people say that Yangliuyang youth paintings have always been respected because of their vivid sculptures, which is why they have considered It is the first of Chinese woodcut new year pictures.
Which of the following, if true, can refute the above view?
A.The history of Yang Liu's youth paintings can be traced back to the Song Dynasty, and reached its heyday from the Kangyong Dynasty to the Qing Dynasty.
B.The charm contained in the theme of the willow youth painting is the vitality of its vivid image
C.Willow youth paintings have flowed with elegance and grace since the beginning of their buns, and bear a strong imprint of court painting
D.Yang Liu's youth paintings are loved by people for their colorful, exaggerated expressiveness, and lively and festive pictures.

c
A survey showed that even if the offspring of ordinary people make the same effort as the offspring of successful people, their chances of success are only half of the latter.It can be concluded that success depends mainly on genetic factors.
Which one can most refute the above points?
A.Offspring of successful people tend to work harder than the offspring of ordinary people
B.Offspring of many successful people have no success in their careers
C.Offspring of successful people have a better environment for growth than offspring of ordinary people
D.Many so-called successful people come from ordinary families

b
A new model of cadre evaluation was introduced somewhere: the "private ethics" of cadres outside of 8 hours will be included in the inspection.According to regulations, whether the cadres' daily lifestyle is rigorous, family relations are harmonious, and whether property fees are in arrears ...Colleagues, subordinates, and neighbors give evaluations as an important reference for cadre appointments.
Which of the following can best refute this new model?
A.Professional ethics within 8 hours should be included in the assessment
B."Private Morality" assessment indicators are difficult to quantify and more difficult to compare
C.The interpersonal relationship of leading cadres has an impact on the assessment results
D.Assessment of "Private Morality" of Leading Cadres Suspected of Violating Personal Privacy

b
In medicine, depending on the pathogens that cause colds, colds can be divided into viral colds and bacterial colds.If there is no bacterial infection, the cold can heal itself in about a week through the body's own immunity.So, most Colds do not require medication or injections.
In order for the above conclusions to be true, which of the following must be true?
A.Having a common cold is good for improving the immune system
B.The common cold that people suffer from is viral influenza
C.Taking medications and injections to treat diseases has major side effects on the human body
D.Cold is not just virus cold and bacterial cold

a
Consumption of iodized salt can prevent goiter, but excessive amounts may cause harm to the human body.In this regard, some experts have pointed out that as long as the amount of consumption does not exceed the standards prescribed by professional departments, its harm can be completely avoided.Therefore, people are consuming iodine The fear of salt is unnecessary.
What are the prerequisites for the above conclusion to be true?
A.All people consume iodized salt in strict accordance with the standards of professional departments
B.Few people consume large quantities of iodized salt
C.Current data show that iodized salt has only a few side effects
D.The side effects of iodized salt are not harmful to the human body.

c
When a company publicly recruited this year, the average number of applicants for each position decreased by 10% compared to last year.As a result, the company's appeal to job seekers has decreased.
Which of the following can weaken the above inference most?
A.The number of new graduates nationwide this year is about 10% lower than last year.
B.The number of civil servants registered in the country and provinces has increased this year compared with previous years.
C.Five of the positions the company has recruited this year have raised employment standards
D.The company has recruited more candidates for some positions this year than last year

b
Jet fuel is the largest cost for airlines, and the cost of jet fuel for the three major state-owned airlines accounts for about 40% of the total cost.In recent years, with the continuous rise in oil prices, the operating costs of airlines have continued to increase.People in the industry believe that although airlines are facing huge pressure on oil prices, they will not raise ticket prices.
Which of the following most strongly supports the views of the industry?
A.Many airlines carry out "fuel-saving projects" and use computers to accurately measure aircraft refuelling
B.Fuel surcharges other than ticket prices have been raised
C.In order to avoid vicious competition, several large airlines have formed a price alliance
D.Due to the improvement of the economic situation, the passenger source of the aviation market is increasing

a
Many brick-and-mortar bookstores are in poor operating conditions and even difficult to maintain, while a large number of online bookstores are selling hotly.Some people have analyzed that this is mainly because online bookstores are cheaper than physical bookstores, so they are more competitive.
What are the assumptions implicit in this person's analysis?
A.Price is the main consideration for consumers when buying books
B.The online bookstore provides home delivery service
C.Online and physical bookstores have the same quality
D.Price is the main competitive factor in sales

c
In response to the call for "green" consumption, many hotels in a certain province have cancelled the free supply of disposable toiletries.Some experts believe that this will have a great impact on the manufacturing industry of toiletries.
Which of the following can most refute the expert's point of view?
A.Many hotels still provide free toiletries
B.People's demand for toiletries has not changed
C.Disposable toiletries accounted for a small proportion of the total output of toiletries
D.Some guests prefer to spend money on disposable toiletries for convenience

d
At an economics seminar, in response to the current phenomenon of rising domestic consumer prices, experts and scholars participating in the meeting expressed their views.An economist pointed out that the current round of price increases is mainly manifested in rising food prices, and the root cause It lies in excess liquidity, which is manifested by excessive amounts of currency investment.The excess funds need to find investment outlets.Therefore, there is an investment or economic overheating phenomenon.The excess liquidity has hidden risks for the current price rise.
Which of the following, if true, can weaken the views of the economists mentioned above?
A.The practice has proved that when there is insufficient liquidity in the market, it often leads to oversupply and the consumer price decreases.
B.According to an authoritative survey, 80% of food producers say that rising costs are the reason for rising food prices
C.The economist has been unknown in the domestic economics circle before
D.What exactly caused this round of consumer price increases is still under further study

d
In order to protect people's lives and property and reduce environmental pollution, a city's public security organ issued a ban on the sale of fireworks and firecrackers.This year, no citizens in the city were injured by fireworks and firecrackers.
If one of the following is true, the above argument is most questioned?
A.The city's fire department has issued more police than in previous years
B.Citizens see someone setting off fireworks
C.The police received a report that a large number of fireworks was piled up in the home
D.Police smashed several dens producing fireworks

d
Someone has discovered an alien visit to Earth.
The above is true, which of the following must be true? ?
A.Aliens do not exist at all
B.Aliens will leave traces whenever they visit Earth
C.Scientists find that the earth is not adapted to the survival of aliens
D.Aliens have the habit of interstellar exploration

b
With healthy travel becoming more popular today, adventure-themed outdoor sports have more and more fans.A survey of the causes of outdoor safety accidents in 2011 today shows that getting lost is the number one cause of outdoor safety accidents.Among them, 121 were lost directions, 32 were unable to find a way out, and 13 were physically struggling.Therefore, experts recommend that to prevent getting lost, we must first look at the strategy, be familiar with the route, and not blindly pursue the beauty and lose the most basic personal safety.
If one of the following is true, the question of the above statistical results is the weakest? ?
A.There were 170 outdoor safety accidents due to subjective negligence of "tourism" in 2011.
B.Outdoor safety incidents due to lack of professional leaders are increasing.
C.401 safety accidents occurred in 2011
D.More than 166 accidents occurred in 2011 due to lack of outdoor equipment

d
Some researchers have pointed out that since the Industrial Revolution, the capacity and scope of human activities have increased significantly.At the same time, the pH of the ocean has gradually decreased.Therefore, there is a causal relationship between human activities and changes in the ocean, which will Causes irreversible damage to marine ecosystems.However, opponents believe that the carbon dioxide contained in the atmosphere is the culprit for ocean acidification.Without the oceans absorbing carbon dioxide, the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is much higher than current levels and global warming The impact will be even more serious.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the opponent's point of view?
A.Human activities before the Industrial Revolution did not cause ocean acidification
B.Seawater acidity will drop to 7.8 by 2100, that is, seawater acidity will be 150% higher than in 1800
C.Carbon dioxide will not be completely absorbed by the ocean, and a considerable part will remain in the atmosphere
D.According to statistics, the carbon dioxide content in the atmosphere has increased significantly since the Industrial Revolution

c
Social adjustment is to determine the behavior of the subject of social life through certain social authority, indicate its role and development direction, and purposefully incorporate it into a certain order.Social adjustment is based on the way it acts on people's behavior, and The reason people obey it can be divided into internal adjustment and external adjustment.Internal adjustment is the process by which people learn the behavior of a certain social group, while the external adjustment is the process of making people comply with certain social norms through external pressure.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is internal adjustments?
A.Public opinion supervision is also one of the ways to achieve integrity and self-discipline of leading cadres
B.Under the new round of police cleanup, the social order has improved significantly
C.3-year-old Xiao Ming knows that he has to cross the street to cross the zebra crossing with his parents' education
D.Since the reform and opening up, the country has attached great importance to and rewarded scientific research, and high-level results have emerged endlessly.

c
Internal administrative actions refer to administrative actions within the administrative system or internal administrative organs, and do not fall within the scope of administrative litigation of the people's courts.Disputes arising from the staff's dissatisfaction with such decisions should be reported to the administrative organ or other The authority at the next higher level or the supervisory personnel agency proposes to deal with it.
According to the above definitions, which of the following are internal administrative acts?
A.A university signs a contract with a cafeteria employee and makes a decision to terminate the labor relationship for an employee who fails to work
B.A local government purchased a batch of computers in order to meet the needs of the work.After the computer was installed, it found that there were serious quality problems.The government decided to hold the seller responsible
C.A city's people's government issued an education development outline, asking relevant departments to increase investment in education for primary and secondary school services, and to strengthen service to primary and secondary schools
D.The SME Bureau of a certain place will network the information of local SMEs, and publish the development needs of SMEs on the Internet to facilitate problem-solving at any time.

c
The distinction between behavioral offenders and convicted offenses is to determine the issue of attempted and attempted crimes.Conducted offenders refer to the conduct described in the constitutive elements, which can constitute completed crimes without the occurrence of material harm.Consequential offenses refer to the constitutive elements In this case, it is required that the behavior of the perpetrator has a certain material harmful result before it can constitute an accomplished crime.
According to the above definitions, which of the following are crimes in the following forms of completed crimes?
A.Robbery refers to the forcible robbery of public and private property by violence, coercion or other methods for the purpose of illegal possession.
B.Theft refers to the stealing of large amounts of public and private property or multiple thefts of public and private property for the purpose of illegal possession.
C.Intentional homicide is the act of knowingly and illegally depriving others of their lives
D.Escape crime refers to the criminals detained according to law, and the defendant's criminal suspects escaped from the custody and supervision of the judicial organs.

a
In order to improve the academic performance, a class of students became ill and insisted on studying in the classroom, but in the college entrance examination, none of the students in the class was admitted to key universities.It can be seen that the long study time leads to poor test results.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument? ?
A.If you don't keep studying, the test scores in this class may be even less satisfactory.
B.The class has a good learning attitude
C.Taking a break will not delay exam results
D.The class does not perform well in the exam

a
There is a scientific experiment performed on 500 women aged 25 to 35 years.Two experimental groups were set up.The first group of subjects took aspirin for a long time, and the second group of subjects did not take aspirin.The results showed that the eyes of those who took aspirin for a long time were better than those who did not Aspirin wrinkles appear late in the corners of the eyes, and the skin is smooth and tender.This experiment shows that aspirin may become a cheap and effective anti-wrinkle and youth-preserving drug.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.The eyes of the two groups of subjects were equivalent before the experiment
B.Equal numbers of subjects in both groups
C.The first group of subjects took a larger amount of aspirin
D.Aspirin is synthetic

a
Zhang Ming said: If Li Ming is selected as the coach, then Wang Fang will be the leader.Li Hong: I don't agree.
Which of the following best matches Li Hong's meaning? ?
A.Select Li Ming as the coach, but not let Wang Fang be the leader
B.If you choose Li Ming as the coach, you can't let Wang Fang be the leader
C.Do not choose Li Ming as a coach, but let Wang Fang be the leader
D.If you don't choose Li Ming as a coach, let Wang Fang be the leader

a
Astronomers said: "If the sun is destroyed, there are aliens in the galaxy."
What does astronomer mean?
A.The sun is not destroyed or there are aliens in the galaxy
B.If there are aliens in the galaxy, the sun will not be destroyed
C.If there are aliens in the galaxy, the sun is destroyed
D.Alien or Sun destruction in the Milky Way

b
Expert A pointed out that China's domestic coal market structure has already exceeded supply.It proposed: "Either limit production or protect prices or reduce prices."
If B insists on his opinion, which one can conclude that B must logically agree?
A.Limit production to insure prices without reducing prices
B.If neither limiting production nor insuring prices is possible, you must reduce both production and prices
C.Reduce both production and prices
D.Cut prices without reducing production to protect prices

b
With healthy travel becoming more and more popular today, adventure-themed outdoor sports have more and more fans.A recent survey of the causes of outdoor safety accidents in 2011 shows that getting lost is the number one cause of outdoor safety accidents.Among them, 121 were lost directions, 32 were unable to find a way out, and 13 were physically struggling.Therefore, experts recommend that to prevent getting lost, we must first look at the strategy, be familiar with the route, and not blindly pursue the beauty and lose the most basic personal safety.
Which of the following is true and the questioning of the above statistical results is the weakest? ?
A.170 outdoor safety accidents due to subjective negligence of "tourism" in 2011
B.Increasing outdoor safety accidents due to lack of professional leaders
C.401 safety accidents occurred in 2011
D.More than 166 accidents occurred in 2011 due to lack of outdoor equipment

c
The theory of animal rights holds that animals and humans have equal rights and status, and they have the same psychological characteristics-needs, memory, intelligence, etc.Therefore, all animals have the same inherent value as humans.These rights are not blocked Deprivation is not lost.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are in line with animal rights theory:
A.Beaten animals in circuses can often cause sympathy
B.Dog owners do not consume dog meat at all, but they are not vegetarian
C.Someone suggested that animal experiments, like human experiments, should be banned
D.After the bear bile phenomenon appeared in the press, most people are opposed to obtaining bear bile in such a cruel way

c
Babel law is a social psychological effect.It means that when a person experiences a strong stimulus, the stimulus given again becomes trivial to him or her.As far as the psychological feeling is concerned, the first great stimulus can Dilute the second small stimulus.
According to the above definition, Which of the following items are in line with the Pebb law:
A.Soon after his mother died, his father suffered another car accident, and the successive blows made Xiao Wang more and more unwilling to read.
B.When house prices soared to 50,000 yuan per square meter, people are not surprised that Apple sells for 50 yuan per kilogram.
C.Xiao Zhao bought 100 lottery tickets.After scraping them one by one, there were more than 20 winning tickets.This made him ecstatic.
D.4-year-old Meng Meng learns foreign languages after reading common Chinese characters.

c
German psychologist Lingermann has a famous tug-of-war experiment: when the number of tugs-of-war gradually increases, each person uses less and less power.It does not achieve the effect of cumulative power.This phenomenon is called "Linger Affected ", also known as" social escape ".
According to the above definition, Which of the following are not part of the Lingerman effect:
A.—Crowds watching someone in need, but few people really help out
B.Many people think that fortune-tellers say "very accurate" after asking fortune tellers
C.Chickens cannot lay eggs.People are blind
D.Divide male college students into groups of 2, 4, and 6 and ask them to shout loudly.Record the volume of each person and find out that the individual's volume decreases as the number of groups increases

b
Montage is one of the main narrative and expression methods of film creation.The film combines a series of shots taken at different locations, from different distances and angles, and shot in different ways.The narrative portrays characters.When they are together, they often have meanings that do not exist when each lens exists alone.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not used for montage?
A.A film showing the workers entering the factory door.It is connected with the camera of the driven sheep.
B.The beginning of a movie shows the passage of time by constantly turning the calendar
C.A movie first showed the melting of the spring glaciers, then switched to the footage of workers' demonstrations
D.The two pictures at the end of a movie are the picture of a lonely mother and the happy picture of another family

d
Some psychologists believe that there are two systems in the human brain, namely system 1 and system 2.System 1 runs unconsciously and quickly.It is not very laborious.It is completely in an autonomous control state.System 2 diverts attention to Brain-intensive brain activities that are required, such as complex computing.The operation of System 2 is often associated with subjective experiences such as behavior, selection, and concentration.
According to the definition above, which of the following is behaviors caused by the operation of System 2?
A.Detecting unfriendliness in tone
B.Determine the source of the sudden sound
C.The disgusted expression after seeing the horror picture
D.Observe if you are decent in social situations

d
The loss sensitivity effect means that people have different sensitivity to losses and gains.People are more sensitive to losses than gains.That is, the pain caused by reduced wealth is not equal to the happiness brought by the same amount of wealth.The former is greater than the latter.By.
According to the above definitions, which of the following are loss-sensitive effects?
A.The joy brought by Bai Bai's 200 yuan.It is difficult to offset the pain caused by losing 100 yuan
B.People will only accept gambling that may lose $ 20 if they are likely to win $ 20
C.Rather than selling rising stocks, investors are more willing to sell falling stocks
D.When loss and gain are equivalent.Emphasizing loss is more persuasive than emphasizing gain

a
Sunk costs are costs that cannot be changed by any decision now or in the future because of past decisions.Sunk costs should not affect our decisions from a rational perspective.However, we often want to recover or Avoid sunk costs and make a lot of irrational decision-making actions.It is called the sunk cost effect.
According to the above definition, which of the following are not sunk cost effects?
A.Xiaoming lent 10,000 yuan to a friend a year ago.But his friend was unable to repay because of bankruptcy.So he decided not to.
B.Xiao Zhao believes that he has been with his girlfriend for 8 years.He has put in so much time and energy.So he decided not to break up.
C.Xiao Wang spent 20 yuan to buy a bottle of soda.I found it difficult to drink.I wanted to throw it away.But considering that it was so expensive and I could n’t afford it, I had to drink it.
D.My mother bought an electronic keyboard for 2,000 yuan.But the child was not interested at all.So the mother decided to ask a tutor for 500 yuan per month.The reason was: "Otherwise this piano would be wasted!"

d
The over-limit effect refers to the psychological phenomenon of impatientness or rebellion caused by too much stimulation, too strong or prolonged action.
According to the above definition, which of the following does not meet the overrun effect?
A.The advertisement of large-scale intensive bombing cannot serve the purpose of promoting the product.
B.Mark Twain listened to the pastor's speech.He began to feel very good.He was ready to donate.He had n’t finished speaking after ten minutes.He decided to donate only some change.Do n’t donate.When the priest finishes his speech, he decides to steal two yuan from the plate.
C.At first, my colleagues thought that Xiao Li's singing was professional.After listening to it for more than an hour, everyone thought that Xiao Li could not sing too much.
D.Parents' education of minor children should be based on persuasion and encouragement.Instead of using scolding and insulting methods

b
The law of sufficient reason refers to the same thinking and argumentation.An idea is determined to be true.There are always sufficient reasons.There are two logical requirements for the law of sufficient reason: first, the reason must be true: second, the reason and there must be a logical relationship between inferences.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is a good cause law?
A.His father travels and his son travels
B.She must be a clerk.You see she's orderly
C.If it rains, then the ground will be wet.Now it rains.So the ground must be wet
D.The mosquito defeats the lion.The lion defeats everything else.So the mosquito defeats everything else

d
There are many antipyretic drugs in modern medicine.For example, aspirin.The reason why aspirin can reduce fever is that prostaglandin E2 is a "messenger" that tells the brain that the body temperature is too low.Aspirin can inhibit the synthesis of prostaglandin E2.So aspirin is antipyretic Good medicine.
If the above argument is to be true, one of the following premises needs to be added?
A.Aspirin can fight the influenza virus
B.Prostaglandin E2 can affect body temperature
C.Aspirin's antipyretic effect has been clinically proven
D.-Once the body temperature is too low.The brain will direct the body to fever

d
The representative of modern fringe poetry, Strange Approach, wrote: "The color of coffee is close to dark beer.The color of dark beer is close to coffee ...I must give up one of them.I leave dark beer.Although it seems not as good Noble coffee ..."If we look at the sentences in poetry as a form of judgment.
The difference between the following forms of judgment is
A.Contemporary poet Gu Cheng wrote in "Early Spring": "The gloomy sky is still hesitating: snowflakes? Or raindrops? Turbulent rivers are rushing: pursuit? Or escape? Couples in the distance are different: Is it a preface? Still the ending? "
B."Mencius? "The Gongsun is ugly," said: "Chen Zhen asked," The day before Yu Qi.Wang feeds and receives one hundred gold and is not subject to Yu Song, gift seventy cents and receive Yu Pi.Feed fifty cents and receive.The previous day is not affected." Yes, then today ’s acceptance is true.Today ’s acceptance is true.The day before yesterday ’s non-reliance.Master must live here? '"
C.Mao Zedong once said, "Either the east wind overwhelms the west wind.Or the west wind overwhelms the east wind."
D.Lu Laopo in the Song Dynasty wrote in "Xuemei": "If there is no snow, there is no spirit.There is no poetry and vulgarity.There are snow and poems in the evening and evening.It very springs with Mei."

b
Some people say that no matter how bad your situation is at the moment.For example, you have a small salary, face unemployment, etc.As long as there is a saving in the bank, it is not a concern.And if you earn a penny, then you are really in despair.So Only savings can make a person truly economically independent.
If anyone disagrees with this statement, Which of the following may not be enough for opponents
A.People with deposits also face worries when they are poor
B.People who earn a penny will not face despair when they are poor
C.Savings are a measure of whether an individual is financially independent
D.People without savings can also be truly independent financially

c
A volunteer organization recruits volunteers who went to the earthquake-stricken area.The people who are most likely to be recruited are those under the age of 20.Those who are over 60 years old or have no experience in earthquake-stricken areas: are currently engaged in medical work or are physically fit.Males are more likely to be chosen.
Based on the above conditions, the most likely candidates to be selected are
A.Xiao Zhang.19 years old.A college medical student studying at a university.At the age of 16, Wu Ji participated in the earthquake relief activities in his hometown.He rescued his classmates from the ruins in person.
B.Lao Zhao.Has more than 30 years of medical work experience.He has rushed to the earthquake-stricken area for medical work many times.He is still in good health after retiring at the age of 60.He has won many young people in outdoor hiking competitions in the community
C.Xiao Li.23 years old.He has just graduated from college and currently works in an IT company.Not long ago, his city was affected by the surrounding earthquake.He felt a slight tremor and helped evacuate people in office buildings.
D.Old horse, 45 years old.Mountaineer enthusiast.He once climbed a mountain of 4000 meters above sea level.He is in good health.Although he has not rescued people in earthquake-stricken areas, he once rescued his companions during mountaineering activities.

c
Researchers have developed a nano-coating with a self-cleaning effect.This coating is used to brush the surface of the car, so that the driver does not have to wash the car every day.This coating will form during the drying and film formation process.Concavo-convex morphology.Construct a hydrophobic layer (to prevent leakage).In this way, dust particles can only "hang up" on the coating surface, and eventually be taken away by the wind and rain.Researchers said this design Self-purification principle from the surface of lotus leaves.
It can be inferred that the surface of the lotus leaf should be
A.There are many tiny pores
B.Smooth leaves make dust particles nowhere to stand
C.There are many tiny hairs and waxy bumps
D.Star-shaped hairs radiating to all sides

a
Some people say, "The blood of animals is red."
Which of the following can most refute the above judgment is
A.Snails are animals.But the blood is blue
B.The blood of some animals may not be red
C.Never seen animals with non-red blood
D.Blood is not red and unlikely to be an animal

b
In a report analyzing the results of the 2008 Olympic wrestling events, it was suggested that during the competition, athletes wearing red competition clothes won about 55% of the rounds.They defeated competitors wearing blue competition clothes.Therefore, wearing a red competition suit in a wrestling event helps athletes win.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument
A.If you really believe that it is more advantageous to wear red match clothes, then you can use this prediction to buy sports lottery
B.Wrestling in the 2012 Olympic Games.Athletes wearing blue races won more games than athletes wearing red races
C.In events other than wrestling.Athletes in red suits do not necessarily win more games than athletes in blue suits
D.In boxing.Athletes in red suits also won more matches.

c
Poets in history can drink.Li Bai can drink.So Li Bai is a poet.
Which of the following options are most similar to logical errors:
A.All people who believe in God will be saved.Masan does not trust God.Therefore, Masan will not be saved
B.There are vegetarians who live longer than the average age.Wang Wu is a vegetarian.Therefore, Wang Wu will live longer than the average age
C.Heroes are sad for beauty.Li Si is sad about beauty.Therefore, Li Si is a hero
D.Some men are smarter than most women.Andrew is a man.Therefore, Andrew is smarter than most women

c
Bebe's Law is a social psychological effect, which means that when a person experiences a strong stimulus, the stimulus that is given will become insignificant for him or her.As for the psychological feeling, the first great stimulus can Dilute the second small stimulus.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is in line with Bebb's Law?
A.Soon after the death of his mother, his father suffered another car accident.
B.Xiao Zhao bought 100 lottery tickets, and after scraping them one by one, there were more than 20 winning tickets, which made him ecstatic.
C.When house prices soared to 50,000 yuan per square meter, it was no surprise that people sold apples for 50 yuan per kilogram.
D.4-year-old Meng Meng learns foreign languages after recognizing common Chinese characters

d
Public power relief refers to measures that when the rights of the rights holder are infringed or in danger of being violated, the right holder exercises the right to sue and asks the people's court to protect their rights in accordance with civil lawsuits and enforcement procedures.
Which of the following are public relief?
A.Lao Li bought a bottle of fake wine in the supermarket.Lao Li negotiated with the supermarket and asked the supermarket to pay a bottle of real wine.
B.Lao Li bought a bottle of fake wine in the supermarket, Lao Li reported to the local industry and commerce department and demanded a fine on the supermarket
C.Lao Li bought a bottle of fake wine at the supermarket.Lao Li negotiated with the supermarket and asked the supermarket to pay ten times the compensation.
D.Lao Li bought a bottle of fake wine in the supermarket, and Li filed a lawsuit to the court asking the supermarket to return the fake wine he purchased.

d
The definition is a logical method for revealing the essential attributes of objective things reflected by concepts.Its basic rules require that definitions must be proportionate, must be clear and unambiguous, and must not use negative definitions or circular definitions.
According to the above statement, which of the following options meet the basic rules of definition ()
A.Man is non-woman
B.Relatives are people who are related
C.Teenagers are the flowers of the motherland
D.Criminal law is the law on crime and punishment

b
Some people say that no matter how bad your situation is now, such as a small salary, facing unemployment, etc., as long as there is a saving in the bank, it is not a concern, and if you earn a penny, then you are really in a desperate situation.Only savings can make a person truly independent financially.
If someone disagrees with this statement, Which of the following may not be the view of the opponent:
A.People with deposits also face worries when they are poor
B.Savings are a measure of whether a person is financially independent
C.People who earn a penny will not face despair when they are in a bad situation
D.People without savings can also be truly independent financially

b
All quarantined people have been in contact with Xiao Zhang, and all people who have been in contact with bird flu patients have been quarantined.
If the above proposition is true, one of the following propositions is also true:
A.Xiao Zhang is a bird flu patient
B.Some people have been exposed to both bird flu and Xiao Zhang
C.All patients with bird flu have been in contact with Xiao Zhang
D.Everyone who has contacted Xiao Zhang is isolated

c
The mountains are boundless, and the heavens and the earth are united, but they dare to defeat the king.
If the above assertion is true, then the following options must also be true:
A.If the mountains are boundless, the heavens and the earth are bound together, and they will definitely break with the king.
B.If you have not defeated the king, it means that there must be a mountain and heaven and earth
C.If the mountain is edged and the heavens and earth are divided, it will definitely not be incompatible with the king
D.If it is a perfect match with the king, it must be a mountain and a sky

d
The lipstick effect refers to the theory that consumers are more willing to buy relatively cheap luxury goods during the economic crisis.In the United States, whenever the economy is in a downturn, the sales of lipstick will rise linearly.People still have a strong desire to consume, and lipstick, as a "cheap non-essential thing," can play a "solace" to consumers.
According to the above definition, the lipstick options in the following options are
A.Xiao Wang has been tight recently, so he had to buy discounted rice
B.Although life is relatively rich, Xiao Zhang always buys cheap daily necessities
C.Despite the recent economic downturn, Xiao Zhao insisted on buying himself a new BMW car
D.Despite the recent economic downturn, Xiaoli during the inspection drank upscale beer every weekend

d
Second-hand stress refers to the situation in the workplace that is affected by other people's negative work mood such as stress and anxiety, which in turn affects their work attitude and work mood.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following options are used pressure
A.Xiao Wang gets up in the morning and finds that his right eyelid keeps jumping, so his mood is always bad.
B.As soon as Xiao Zhang entered the office, he found that the atmosphere was not right.Everyone was nervous, so he was busy with his work.
C.Xiao Zhao found that colleagues are focused on working efficiently, and they feel that they must work harder
D.Xiao Li came to work happily, seeing that his colleagues were burned because of too much work, he kept complaining, and he was upset with it.

d
Prejudice is a kind of preconceived and preconceived ideas and attitudes that lack an objective basis.In social psychology, prejudice often refers to negative and rejective attitudes.Discrimination refers to not based on ability, contribution, cooperation, etc Instead, it treats members of society differently based on their statuses such as identity, gender, ethnicity, or socioeconomic resources.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are biased
A.A sales office only accepts customers who have more than 200,000 cold certificate
B.A university requires that lecturers over 50 years of age cannot participate in the evaluation of associate professors
C.Airlines usually give better treatment to first-class passengers
D.Women's ability to work has long been questioned and denied by others

d
Pseudo-dementia refers to a partially transient, reversible mental retardation that occurs in a particular psychological context without evidence of significant organic damage to the brain.
Which of the following are pseudo-dementias
A.Someone heard the door ringing and suspected that there was a shadow
B.Sudden speech jamming during an announcer's broadcast
C.Patients with brain damage from car accidents have slow thinking and unresponsiveness
D.Temporarily forget your name and don't know your loved ones

b
The ancient Roman historian Tassie once talked about the feeling of governing: when the government is unpopular, both good and bad policies will offend the people.This insight later became the law of Western political science-"Tassie trap" ".
Which of the following are consistent with the "Tassie Trap" law:
A.When a public emergency occurs in a society, whether it is good or bad, the government will be considered bad.
B.When public power encounters credibility crises, whether the government tells the truth or is false, it is considered to be false
C.When there is a crisis in food safety, whether it is qualified or unqualified, it will be considered unqualified
D.When the network becomes a channel for information transmission, whether it is true or false information, it will be considered false information

b
A popular view is that people can predict earthquakes through abnormal behavior of animals.In fact, this view is based on subjective analogies and may not reveal objective connections.A dog behaved abnormally before the earthquake, which will naturally give its owner Impressed.But in fact, at any moment in this world, dogs behave abnormally.
To evaluate the above argument, answer which of the following questions is the least important
A.Has the animal's abnormal behavior considered to be a precursor to the earthquake ever occurred?
B.Are the two different types of animals similar in behavior before the earthquake?
C.What was the proportion of animals with abnormal behavior before the earthquake
D.What percentage of animals that had abnormal behavior before the earthquake was not noticed

c
All doctors in a hospital are men, all nurses are women, all married people are nurses, and the director of the infirmary is not yet married.
We can know from the above information:
A.The director of the infirmary is male
B.There are men among married people
C.Nurses may be unmarried
D.Some of the doctors are married

d
German doctor Merlin and Russian Minkowski collaborated on digestive function.They found that in the experimental dog group, the dog's pancreas was removed.The urine of such dogs always attracted swarms of bees.It contains a lot of sugar, so scientists speculate that the pancreas may be related to diabetes.
What strongly supports the above conclusions is
A.Doctors use insulin to control diabetes
B.The pancreas has a digestive function
C.Pancreatic sugar synthesis
D.Patients with pancreatic cancer can aggravate diabetes

a
From the perspective of the efficiency of group member activities, the cohesion or friction generated by groups composed of different role-players is collectively called the relationship field effect in social psychology.
According to the above definitions, which of the following best reflects the relationship field effect?
A.Three monks have no water to drink
B.Near Zhu Zhe Chi Near Mo Zhe Black
C.Three people must have our teacher
D.With the flow, people move

a
Similar object error refers to the fact that the object that the actor intends to infringe is inconsistent, but belongs to the same category, and should be punished according to the conviction of the crime.It can only determine the nature of the crime based on the subjective and intentional content of the actor.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following statements are true:
A.A mistakenly kills B as C, and should be punished with intentional homicide
B.Killing an animal by mistake as an adult should not constitute a crime
C.A mistakenly kills a person as an animal and should not commit a crime
D.A mistakenly throws away the finances placed by others like garbage, and commits a crime

a
Leadership contingency is not a kind of contingency, but its essence is to proceed from reality.According to the specific circumstances of leadership activities, it is necessary to flexibly adapt or lead the way to achieve leadership value.In leadership activities, contingency is methods and strategies with constant value And direction.
According to the above definition, which of the following is leadership changes?
A.Chief Zhao gave the complicated task to Xiao Zhang, who is more capable, and the new Xiao Chen was responsible for collecting information
B.Secretary Wang just led the cadres and the masses to complete the drought relief and self-rescue work, and was busy coordinating the road network construction disputes
C.Li County Chief personally went to the countryside to send water, and the accompanying persons took photos.After the video, Li County Chief returned to the county town by special car
D.Chief Zhang is always decisive and resolute in his work, but he will obey his wife after returning home from work.

b
The static game refers to a game in which participants choose a strategy at the same time, or although there is a sequence, the participant who made the strategy later does not know the strategy of other participants.The dynamic game refers to the sequence of actions of participants and The former is a game of making your own strategy on the premise of understanding the former's strategy.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are static games:
A.Chess game
B.Bidding Competition
C.Tianji Horse Racing
D.Donkey and Tiger Controversy

c
The long-tail theory means that as long as the channels for product storage and circulation are large enough, the market share occupied by products with poor demand or poor sales can be comparable to or even larger than those of a few hot-selling products.
Based on the above definitions, what does the following not reflect the long tail theory?
A.Of the tens of thousands of merchandise books on the Amazon online bookstore, although some of the titles are small in sales, they rely on a variety of types to accumulate less and more, accounting for half of the total sales.
B.Vipshop is a B2C company specializing in heavily discounted branded goods.It has achieved great success by helping many brands handle small quantities of off-season products.
C.Sina is the world's largest Chinese portal, and its main performance is supported by advertising operating income, and online advertising has become a larger and larger proportion of total revenue.
D.ZARA launches about 12,000 fashions in a year, and the volume of each fashion is generally not large.It succeeds with a multi-style and small-batch marketing strategy.

b
Synaesthesia, also known as transference, is to describe objective things, using image language to transfer feelings, shifting different feelings such as human hearing, smell, taste, touch, etc., and transferring the words that originally represent the feeling of A A rhetorical expression that expresses B feeling, making the image more lively and novel.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not using synaesthesia:
A red apricot branch
B Your eyes are like stars in the sky
C Reverberating around the beam for three days
D Your singing is really sweet

d
Negative transfer means that the mastery of one kind of knowledge skills interferes with or inhibits the control of another kind of knowledge skills, that is, the existing knowledge experience makes the new learning difficult.Where the new and old stimuli are very similar and require the learner Negative migration can occur when different responses are made.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are negative transfers:
Anyone who already understands English can easily master French.
B Wang, who loves to play basketball, has delayed learning culture lessons.
C is not a biker, and learning to ride a motorcycle can be laborious.
If D learns Chinese pinyin, it will interfere with the learning of English phonetic symbols.

a
Receptor desensitization refers to the fact that when cells are stimulated with a constant signal for a long time, the receptors or receptors on the cell surface will gradually fail, and the final effect is that the cell does not respond to this constant and constant stimulus.Learn the phenomenon.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are desensitization phenomena:
A worked for a long time in the roaring machine workshop, and finally turned a deaf ear to the noise in the workshop.
B.As you get older, your tongue becomes less and less sensitive to taste.
C.Because of a severe cold, she can't smell anything.
D is used to wearing cotton clothes, and he is not used to other materials.

a
Leadership contingency is not a kind of contingency.Its essence is that everything is based on reality.According to the specific circumstances of the leadership activity, the appropriate leadership method is adopted flexibly to realize the leadership value.The method or strategy of contingency in leadership activity is the constant value of things.And direction.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are changes in leadership
A Zhao Chief gave the complicated task to Xiao Zhang, who is more capable, and the new Xiao Chen was responsible for collecting information.
B Section Chief Zhang is always quick and decisive in his work, but he will obey his wife after returning home from work.
C County Chief Li personally went to the countryside to send water.After the accompanying staff took photos and videos, the County Chief Li immediately returned to the county town by a special car.
D Secretary D Wang just led the cadres and the masses to complete the drought relief and self-rescue work, and was busy coordinating network construction disputes.

a
Shifting is different from translocation.As long as the component that should have appeared in a certain position in the prototype structure leaves the original position and runs to other positions in the structure, it is shifting.The shifted component must serve as the mechanism.Syntactic components.Translocations are caused by temporary additions or additions in the discourse.Translocation components cannot be analyzed as syntactic components of this structure.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are shifted
A.One sheep ran away
B Everyone laughs, his stomach hurts.Everyone laughs.
C he's probably home, he's home, he's probably
D This place is too beautiful, this place is beautiful

b
University of Pavia research in Italy shows Men and women who have just fallen in love issue instructions in the brains that cause people to secrete a chemical substance called a "love hormone" that makes people in love attract each other and produce a hug.A sense of security and satisfaction.Some scientists believe that "love hormones" are the cause of love.
Which of the following best supports a scientist's conclusion?
A.Stimulation of oxytocin only lasts about one year
B.Injecting a hormonal hormone into the voles' brain makes them more attached to the other half
C.Pairs of vole also have "one-night stand" and even abandon the other half
D.Experts are working to treat abnormal diseases, such as tracking mad

a
There is an ad saying: It doesn't matter if the clothes don't match, don't buy foundations.Xiaofang said: I don't agree.
Which of the following has the same meaning as Xiaofang said.
A.Or the clothes do not match the so-called or do not buy funds will not be heartbroken
B.If clothes don't match, it doesn't matter if you don't buy foundation
C.If clothes don't match everything, then don't buy foundations
D.It is so-called if clothes don't match.

b
Contingent liabilities refer to potential obligations arising from past transactions or events.In certain circumstances, it is highly likely that they will be developed to be undertaken by the company, but have not been fully determined so far.They need to be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of future uncertain events Liabilities.
By definition, what a company may
A.Ready to receive infringement compensation
B.Provide a quality guarantee for goods sold
C.Negotiate dates for upcoming contracts
D.Preparing to pay a contract breach penalty agreed in advance

b
Reduction method: It is a method of determining that the rebutted topic is false by assuming that the rebuttable topic is true, thereby extending a clearly absurd conclusion;
By definition, B uses abduction
A.A said, "You see, plums on the roadside trees must be very sweet." B said, "If it was sweet and was picked away early, how could it be full of fruit trees?
B.A said: "Nuclear power plants are radioactive; therefore they are dirty." B said "Nature is also radioactive, can it be said that nature is also dirty? " "
C.A said: "All the defendants are guilty." B said: "The defendants in civil proceedings are not guilty."
D.A said, "If you put 5 pigeons in 2 bird cages, at least 2 of them will be in the same birdcage." B said, "There is also only one birdcage."

c
Psychological cues refer to a psychological phenomenon in which people or the environment send information to individuals in a very natural way.Individuals inadvertently accept this information and respond accordingly.
By definition, what does not give people a psychological hint is that
A.Thank you for your help last night, you are amazing.
B.There is always a traffic accident on the fourth ring road.
C.Do not bring food and drinks into this store
D.Don't be afraid, don't be afraid.

d
Convergent adaptation refers to different kinds of organisms with relatively distant ties.Because they live in the same or similar environment for a long time and accept the same ecological environment choice, only the types that can adapt to the environment can be preserved.Convergent adaptation refers to the same type of adaptation.Such organisms, such as living under different conditions for a long time, will show significant differences in appearance, habits and physiological characteristics in order to adapt to their environment.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are convergent adaptations:
A.Castor is an annual herb in the north of China, but a tree-like perennial in the south
B.The faeces of herbivorous fish can promote the breeding of stingrays.For filter-feeding fish such as sturgeon and sturgeon, the water quality can be cleared, which is beneficial to the life of herbivorous fish.
C.Polar bears evolved from brown bears.The leather coat is white and the same color as the Arctic environment, which is conducive to predation.The shoulders are streamlined and the feet have bristle, which allows them to walk on ice without slipping.
D.Mammalian whales, dolphins, walruses, seals, sharks of fish, they are all far apart in kinship, but all live in the ocean for a long time, and the entire body becomes a spindle shape suitable for swimming

d
The boundary issue refers to the short-sighted behavior of employees in modern enterprises due to the short employment relationship, and the harm caused to such enterprises by such behaviors.
Which of the following are boundary issues:
A.Because he retired in one year, Lao Zhao felt powerless, and his work efficiency became worse and worse.
B.Because he is unfamiliar with the business, Xiaoli, who has just arrived for a month, lost a big customer and the company suffered huge losses.
C.Because he feels that the turnaround is slim, during the probation period, Xiao Wang works hard every day to show himself.
D.Because only a half-year contract is signed, Xiao Sun ignores the use of working machines and equipment

a
Some people may think that the more expensive or newer the car is, the more likely it is to be stolen.In fact, the opposite is true.For those experienced car thieves, the old cars with a large number of possessions are their first choice.New cars and luxury cars are much more difficult to shoot than old cars, and they are more likely to attract police attention.In addition, particularly cheap and expensive cars are generally not in the thief's field of view.Although cheap cars only use screwdriver Tools such as an iron wire.You can easily use the door gap to pick up the door lock to open the door, but the residual value is also low.And for luxury cars over 500,000 yuan, the security measures are also in place, and stealing is particularly troublesome, usually They are placed in garages with surveillance systems.In addition, some models with unique shapes and low parts universality are relatively safe.
Based on the above information, the most vulnerable of the following models are:
A.Three-year-old Magotan worth 160,000 yuan
B.Chery QQ with 8 years of age worth 20,000 yuan
C.BMW cars worth 750,000 years worth 550,000 yuan
D.Convertible with a value of 180,000 yuan

a
After the leaves of the plants are injured, the green juice will flow out, and the fragrance of the leaves will become more intense.This "green fragrance" can attract the natural enemies of pests to clear the pests.Researchers use transgenic methods to synthesize the gene of aromatase from green pepper.The Arabidopsis introduced into the Brassicaceae once the larvae of the cabbage butterfly ate the leaf, and the fragrance emitted by the Arabidopsis thaliana will be enhanced, and then the mealworm's natural enemy, the pink butterfly velvet cocoon, swarms the rice in large quantities.The cabbage butterfly larvae can eat the larvae of the cabbage butterfly larva before they form pupae.The researchers, therefore, concluded that if this research result is applied to vegetables, the number of pesticides can be greatly reduced.
In order for the researchers' conclusions to be true, which of the following premises must be added.
A.The pesticides currently used in vegetable cultivation are mainly used to eliminate pests.
B.The fragrance emitted from the leaves of transgenic vegetables will be enhanced
C.The "green fragrance" of plants is their weapon of self-defence
D.At present, China's current law allows the cultivation of genetically modified vegetables.

c
When it comes to crying, many people think of crying for babies and tears for women.And men have always been crowned with a strong image of "men have no tears".It seems that crying is a shame.In fact, crying is to everyone It's all-important.It can not only vent your emotions, but also the way the body protects itself.
Which of the following, if true, would strengthen the above point.
A.Tears contain lysozyme, which can kill 90% -95% of bacteria in 5-10 minutes
B.Crying is a highly evolved behavior of human beings, and only humans can cry in the true sense
C.Crying usually provides better self-consolation and emotional improvement than taking antidepressants.
D.Generally, a man can cry up to 7 times in a month, and a woman can cry more than 30 times.

c
You can serve dishes, sweep the floor, sing and dance, play games with children, and talk with the elderly ...At this Robot World Cup, a variety of service robots have become the most eye-catching stars.Many industry experts predict that family-oriented and Personal service robots will surpass industrial robots and become the next explosive market.
Which of the following is true can most doubt the predictions of the above experts
A.The price of some domestic service robots remains high because some key components are still dependent on imports.
B.At present, the service robots in China are only "looking beautiful", and some products have not yet been mass-produced.
C.The current service robot technology works, the implementation cost is too high, and the solution cost is low.
D.China's main gap in the robot industry is hardware, and the hardware gap has little effect on robot performance.

a
Researchers conducted a follow-up survey of 9 people wearing contact lenses and 11 people without contact lenses, and found that compared to people without contact lenses, some types of bacteria on the surface of the eyes of people wearing contact lenses The average increase was twice as high as that of the column.The composition of the flora on the surface of the eyeballs of the two groups was also different, and a bacteria called pseudomonas that caused corneal ulcers was more common in the eyes of people with contact lenses.Changing the flora in the eye is more likely to cause eye infections.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above argument.
A.Since the emergence of soft contact lenses, the prevalence of corneal ulcers has increased significantly.
B.To avoid corneal ulcers, pay close attention to eyelid and hand hygiene and check regularly.
C.People with contact lenses, although the eye flora has changed, rarely have complications.
D.The sample size of this study is too small, and we should still be cautious about the findings.

c
In a test of 216 babies from June to December, researchers taught babies three new skills to play with a new finger puppet, and half of the babies fell asleep four hours after learning, but Other babies did not sleep or took a nap for less than 30 minutes.Studies have shown that, on average, babies who have enough sleep can remember 1.5 skills, but babies who don't sleep much do not remember one skill.Visible, Having enough sleep after your baby learns is good for memory.
Which of the following is the assumption most likely to rely on in the above argument.
A.The results of this study are equally applicable to adolescent groups.
B.Adequate sleep is good for your baby's normal physical development
C.The intelligence levels of the two groups of babies before the experiment were comparable
D.Other studies have verified the reliability of this result.

c
A young man was hit by a newly bought motorcycle.He shook his head and said, "Well, I used to say that one day it would be nice to have a motorcycle.Now I really have a car, and I really only one day."
Which of the following are most similar to the dry humor:
A.During the speech, the audience was up roaring and shouting for him to step down.At this time, Abel smiled and said, "Thank you, I will step down because I just came on stage."
B.Voltaire highly appreciated the work of one person, but this person always criticized Voltaire harshly.When others told this to Voltaire, he replied with a smile: "It seems to be both of us All wrong "
C.The hurricane lifted the roof of a peasant's house.At this time, heavy rain poured.He said to his family, "Don't worry, the bad thing without the roof is wet by the rain, but the advantage is the sun, which can be directly exposed to our things "
D.Once, an old woman frowned and said to Lincoln, "You are the ugliest person I have ever met." Lincoln replied with a smile, "Please bear with me, I can't help myself."

d
Complementary product pricing strategy means that the enterprise sets a lower price for the main product (high-value product) and a higher price for the subsidiary product (low-value product), which is conducive to increasing overall sales and thus increasing the enterprise.profit.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following uses complementary pricing strategies:
A.An online game launched by enterprise A is loved by consumers and has driven the sales of game peripheral products
B.Zodiac series tea cups sold in Ding Shopping Center
C.company newly launched three smartphones with 16G, 64G and 128G memory, the price difference is large
D.The inkjet printer produced by manufacturer B is of good quality and low price, but the price of ink cartridges has always been high.

b
The analogy is the most common rhetorical word-making method used in plant naming.It is a kind of when a part of the whole of an object has a similar relationship with other things in shape, texture, smell, texture, function, etc.The method of selecting words representing similar things to participate in word-formation.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following plant names are used, and those without analogy are:
A.The most precious mushroom is called a monkey's head.This mushroom is round and has no roots.The mud-yellow surface is like a monkey's head with silky hair, so it is named
B.Generations of flowers, Gusu famous products, yellow when it is ripe, if not picked, it will not rot after five years, the skin color changes from blue to yellow and then turns from yellow to green.
C.According to "Compendium of Materia Medica-Fruit Department-Coconut", it is recorded that the coconut fruit is round and has dark brown hair on it.People liken it to the human skull and named it "Vietnamese King"
D.Liquorice can reconcile many medicines, so it is also known as "Guo Lao"."Guo Lao" was originally an important minister of the country.

c
Mimicry refers to the adaptation phenomenon that certain animals imitate other living or non-living environments in terms of their appearance, form, color, streaks, or behaviors, thereby confusing enemy vision and avoiding predation by the enemy.
According to the above definition, Which of the following phenomena are mimetic:
A.The striking black-yellow stripes on the wasp's abdomen are a warning color.Birds stung by the wasp can remember for months.From then on, if you see this striking streak again, you will immediately hideaway.
B.When the summer heat arrives, the squirrel will roll up its body and sleep in the nest, and its body temperature will become cold as the metabolism decreases.It will not wake up until the summer heat subsides.
C.Geoduck is a larva of Geoduck moth.It perches on a tree branch as if it were nailed there.It is just a small branch growing on the trunk.The insectivorous bird does not even look at it.
D.The rabbit is domesticated from a wild burrowing rabbit.The hare has the habit of digging a cave to escape the enemy.Although the rabbit has a man-made living place, it still has a burrowing behavior.

a
Collective behavior refers to a spontaneous, unorganized behavior with a large number of individuals.In collective behavior, individuals do not act independently but rely on each other and influence each other.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as collective behaviors:
A.In the evening a group of people dressed in uniforms danced hip-hop on the open space.
B.A group of residents snapped up food and mineral water in an earthquake in a country
C.Recently, some false rumors have spread rapidly on the Internet
D.Brightly colored dresses became popular this summer

b
Recourse to ignorance is a logical fallacy.It means that people specify that something is right, just because it hasn't been proven wrong, or it has been concluded that something is wrong, just because it hasn't been proven right.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following fall into ignorance:
A.Since authoritative experts say you are wrong, you are likely to be really wrong
B.You lack evidence to prove that you are not on-site, so you must be on site.
C.You cannot prove that ghosts do not exist, so ghosts do not exist.
D.Many people claim that they have seen ghosts so ghosts exist.

b
Wang Rong was seven years old.He tasted swimming with the children, and saw that Li Shu had many sons and daughters on the side of the road.The children actually took them, but they did not move.People asked, and answered, "The trees are on the road and there are many children.Bitter Li."Take it for granted.
Wang Rong's implicit reasoning assumptions are:
A.If the plums on the side of the road are picked, there will not be many children breaking branches.
B.If the plums on the side of the road are sweet and delicious, you won't break many branches.
C.If the plums on the roadside are not sweet, they will break many branches.
D.Only if the plums on the roadside are not picked, there will be many branches.

d
Socrates has a famous saying: "I only know one thing, and that is to know nothing."
Which of the following most accurately illustrates the absurdity of the above reasoning?
A.A: "We should not talk about our friends behind." B: "Should we talk about our friends in person?"
B.One side of the card is written: "The sentence on the opposite side of the card is correct." The other side is written: "The sentence on the opposite side of the card is wrong."
C.As the saying goes: "Manly husband, die rather than surrender." As the saying goes, "Manly husband, can flex and stretch."
D.A: "There is a contradiction between your point of view and the mainstream point of view." B: "It is nothing, the contradiction is widespread."

b
Wumazi said to Mozi: I ca n’t love at the same time.I love my family more than the people in my hometown, my parents love me more than my family, and I love myself more than I love my parents.For the sake of hitting me, I will hurt.Hitting others will not hurt me, so I will only kill others for my benefit.Mozi asked: Will this kind of righteousness be told to others? Wu Mazi replied: Why should I hide, I will tell others.Mo Zi said: Since you are like this, if someone likes your idea, then this person will kill you for your own benefit.If someone does not like your idea, then He wants to kill you too, because he thinks you're someone who spreads ominous words.
It can be inferred from the above:
A.Witch horse can only travel far away
B.Witch horse must admit that he is wrong.
C.Witch horse must change his original point of view
D.Witch horse must be killed

d
Why are you always unhappy? Because you lack faith, life loses its direction.You also lose the means to control happiness.As a result, many people choose unhappiness in happiness.At the same time, without faith, it is easy to build values on external things, or even compare each other.Looking forward to the success of others, feeling their humbleness; looking to the happiness of others, and lamenting their misfortunes; comparing the aspirations of others, feeling outrageous at their frustration; comparing the happiness of others, and magnifying their pain.
If the above statement is true, you can deduce:
A.Without a lack of faith, you will not always be unhappy
B.Always upset, indicating a lack of faith.
C.With faith, values are not built on something external
D.Do not base values on something external, which means you have faith

c
During the Spring and Autumn Period, the King of Chu hunted in Yunmengze, and accidentally lost his beloved bow.The left and right attendants immediately went looking for it.The King of Chu stopped and said, "The Chu people lost their bows and the Chu people picked them up.No need to find them."
Which of the following are most similar to the logical mistakes made in the stem:
A.A young man with long hair, his father saw him and said, "Hurry up and cut off the long hair, otherwise don't enter this house!" The son said, "Will I shave?"
B.Ask: "If someone sifts the moon into the Atlantic Ocean, what method should you use to take it out?" A: "How did you put it in, and I'll take it out."
C.The teacher asked the students to make a sentence, which should have the word "sugar." Xiao Ming replied: "Father is drinking tea." The teacher asked: "Where is the sugar?" Xiao Ming replied: "In tea, my father drank black sugared tea."
D.Ask: "Is this dress the most fashionable?" A: "Of course!" And asked: "Don't the sun fade?" A: "Look what you said, it hung in the window for three It's been years, and it's still new."

d
The length of life is either due to genetic factors or due to acquired conditions.Xu has a genetic factor in longevity, so his long life has nothing to do with acquired conditions.
Which of the following is the same as the argument structure:
A.Wu Song passed Jingyanggang, either killed the tiger or was eaten by the tiger.Wu Song killed the tiger, so he was not eaten by the tiger
B.There are only two roads from this small mountain village to the county seat, one big road and one small road; the road is far away, Xiao Liang decides not to take the big road, so he only has to take the small road
C.Reasons for poor homework or inattentive listening in class, or inadvertent review after class.Xiao Ming listened to class carefully, so he did not review it carefully after class
D.The college requires that freshman students take at least one foreign language course, either English or French.Xiaohua takes English courses, so he cannot take French courses.

b
In our fast-developing society, the speed of demolition and construction has already exceeded people's imagination.The development of cities is always accompanied by the demolition and construction of cities.Therefore, some people think that the development of cities is the root cause of urban demolition and construction.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above conclusion:
A.Cities with few demolition and construction tend to develop more slowly
B.The improvement of the level of economic development, the promotion of urban development, and the demolition and construction of cities
C.The development process of the city will inevitably bring many positive and negative effects
D.In addition to urban development, industrialization is also the cause of urban demolition and construction

b
Studies have shown that people who sleep more than eight hours have healthier skin than people who usually stay up late.Some financial workers are people who stay up all night, and some sports workers have been sleeping for more than eight hours.Zhang Yu is a sports worker.
From this we can infer:
A.Most sports workers have healthier skin than some financial workers
B.Some sports workers have healthier skin than some financial workers
C.The skin of some financial workers is healthier than that of Zhang Yu
D.Zhang Yu's skin is healthier than that of some financial workers

b
Recently, there was a severe haze in some places, and some parents were worried about their children's health.They proposed to install air purifiers in schools, but some experts believe that schools may not be suitable for installing air purifiers.
Which of the following, if true, would best strengthen the views of the aforementioned experts:
A.Noise from air purifiers can affect children's learning
B.The installation of air purifiers cannot completely replace indoor ventilation
C.The power of suitable air purifiers will overload the power grid
D.The air purifiers on the market are mixed and the quality is uneven.

c
The scarcity effect refers to the phenomenon that people change their buying behavior due to the scarcity of things, that is, when something becomes scarce or difficult to obtain, people will think that this thing is more valuable and more wanted.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following do not reflect the scarcity effect:
A.The store hangs a discount banner for this day every day to attract a large number of customers
B.Online sales of a certain brand of mobile phones are limited to buy, but the demand exceeds supply
C.Xiao Zhang, who is struggling at the end of the month, depends on going to the supermarket to buy temporary food.
D.Men think women's attractiveness index has risen when they snooze near bars

b
The purpose of crime refers to the result that the criminal wants to achieve subjectively through the criminal behavior, which is the expected result of the criminal behavior that exists in the criminal's brain in the ideological form.The criminal motivation is the inner cause that stimulates the criminal to commit the criminal behavior Or ideological activity, which answers the psychological reasons for the offender to commit the criminal act.The role of motivation is to initiate the criminal act, which shows what significance the execution of the criminal act has on the psychological wish of the perpetrator.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following statements are correct:
A.In order to avenge B and want to deprive B of his life by poisoning, A's criminal purpose is to retaliate
B.A fears that B will retaliate against him and illegally detain B for several days, then A's criminal motive is fear
C.A's poison causes B to die, and it is determined that he is jealous of B's talents, then A's criminal purpose is jealous
D.A seeks money, and illegally possesses B's property through theft, then A's criminal motive is illegal possession.

b
Value rationality refers to the fact that the actor pays attention to the value that the behavior itself can represent, that is, whether to achieve social fairness, justice, loyalty, honor, etc., regardless of the means and consequences.The rationality of behavior in terms of specific values.
According to the above definition, Which of the following meet the requirements of value rationality:
A.Accumulate Goodness
B.Skywalk
C.Demolition Bridge Across the River
D.Corporal Li Yin

b
Radiation adaptation refers to blood-related organisms that, because they live in different environments, have completely different adaptations in form and life habits.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are radiation adaptive:
A.The relationship between the aquatic plant's lotus, Myriophyllum, and goldfish is very far away, but because they are all affected by the water environment, they all have similar characteristics such as developed aeration tissues and weaker root systems.
B.Flying albatross has a wingspan of more than 3.4 meters; ostriches who are good at running on the sand have a huge body, their wings are declining, their legs are strong, and their feet are almost degenerate into "hooves" suitable for running
C.In addition to the abdomen, the zebra is densely covered with black and white stripes, which can prevent the sting fly from biting, because the sting fly likes to bite some animals of a single color, and it can spread a sleep disease
D.Thunderbirds living in the cold zone.In snowy winter, the body color is pure white.When it arrives in summer, change to tan feathers, similar to the mottled color of summer tundra, so as to protect themselves.

b
The theory of X believes that human nature is lazy, and the less work, the better, and will avoid work if possible.Therefore, managers need to use incentives such as coercion, threats, punishment, and monetary benefits to stimulate people's negative motivation for work.Y theory is It is believed that people have a positive motivation for work, and it is natural for them to work.Most people do not resist work.Even without the threat of external pressure and punishment, they will still work hard to achieve their goals.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are consistent with the theory of Y:
A.Manager A advocates that it is necessary to set strict rules and regulations and pay attention to the application of "other laws" in management.
Director B.Ding believes that there is no fixed, universally applicable best management method in the world.
C.Chief C pointed out that we should tend to grant more power to employees in order to stimulate their work motivation.
D.Director B believes that in employee management, it is necessary to flexibly grasp the relationship between regulation and consciousness according to the actual situation of the enterprise.

a
Conceptual confusion refers to non-formal errors caused by the ambiguity and ambiguity of natural language.Configuration ambiguity refers to ambiguity errors caused by the incorrect grammatical structure of sentences.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are configurationally ambiguous:
A.One person goes to fortune-telling and asks the family.
B.Q: If your brother has five apples and you take three, what will happen? Answer: As a result, he will punch me.
C.Three scholars asked for the test results, and the fortune-teller held out a finger and said a "one", and then said nothing.
D.At the Lantern Festival, a woman wants to go to watch the light.Her husband said: Isn't the light already on at home?

a
A palindrome is a rhetorical way of repeating the same sentence back and forth.It is formally represented by the same words but the opposite word order.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are palindromes:
A.Fog locks the mountains
B.Seeking and looking, indifferent and miserable
C.Sunrise on the east and rain on the west, the road is ruthless but sunny
D.The owner disembarks from the boat and raises a glass to drink without orchestra

b
The theory of compound equality is a vision for achieving social equity.It believes that the advantages of anyone field should not constitute a monopoly on the entire society.Therefore, different social fields should be separated as much as possible, allowing each field to have its own The winner, but to prevent the advantages of one area from expanding beyond the borders to other areas.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following statements are most consistent with the theory of compound equality:
A.Three hundred and sixty lines
B.You can choose to be an official, you can also choose to make money, but you cannot choose to make money by being an official
C.If you have anything, give it to him twice to make him redundant; if not, take everything he has
D.Specialized in surgery, interlaced like a mountain

c
Recently, scientists from one country are trying to use particle accelerators to treat cancer.They put several tumor cell cultures, including glioma cells, in plexiglass vessels that mimic human heads.Then put this "human head" Within the scope of the particle accelerator, scientists accumulated a sufficient amount of boron-10 in tumor cells for the first time, and then irradiated the tumor site with a neutron beam.The nuclear reaction occurred inside the tumor cells, and the tumor cells died.
Which of the following, if true, will best support the success of the experiment:
A.The effect of neutron beams on tumor cells is different from healthy cells
B.Glioblastomas cannot be cured with other treatments
C.Only tumor cells die under the influence of neutron beams
D.Neutron beams can destroy human cells including brain cells

a
Free radicals are a kind of sometimes harmful free molecules produced by the human body when consuming oxygen.Many people believe that free radicals are the culprit behind the aging of the body.Because some researchers have found that the amount of free radicals in the human aging process is constant increase.
Any of the following can weaken the above conclusions:
A.There are still many disputes about the specific process of human aging
B.Free radicals will rise in the process of combating aging
C.Prolong the life of the body by artificially increasing the number of free radicals
D.Instability of chromosomal structure is the cause of human aging

a
All work is paid, and any paid work can be measured with money.Therefore, public welfare work is not working.
Which of the following prerequisites must be added to establish the above argument?
A.Public welfare work cannot be measured by money
B.Paid work is not public welfare
C.Public welfare work is not paid work
D.All paid work is work

b
The latest results of the survey of the dietary structure of residents in S province show that in the past three years, the residents of the province have consumed an average of 335.7 grams of cereal potatoes and miscellaneous beans, which is within the recommended range of 250 grams to 400 grams for a balanced diet; Consume 296 grams and 132 grams of vegetables and fruits.Vegetables only reach the lower limit of 300 grams to 500 grams per day for a balanced dietary recommendation.Compared with 10 years ago, intake is greatly reduced, while fruits are only the recommended amount.About 16.4 grams of edible fish and shrimp aquatic products, which is much lower than the recommended standard of 50 grams to 100 grams for a balanced diet; the intake of soy products and dairy products are 16.9 grams and 73.6 grams, respectively, which are lower and about the recommended amount.
From this we can infer:
A.S residents' favorite food is cereal potatoes and mixed beans
The average daily consumption of B.S residents in the province of vegetables, cereals, potatoes, and miscellaneous beans basically reached the standard of balanced dietary recommendations
C.In the daily life of residents of S province in the past three years, the average daily consumption of fish and shrimp aquatic products is the smallest
The intake of vegetables by residents of D.S Province is decreasing year by year.

d
In recent decades, peanut allergy issues have received increasing attention due to their potential danger and increasing incidence worldwide.With funding from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, researchers at King's College London University have reached a conclusion: Eating peanut-containing foods from a young age will greatly reduce the risk of allergies to peanuts.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion:
A.Babies have eaten eggs for 4 months, which significantly reduces their risk of allergies to eggs
B.After children stop eating peanut products on a regular basis, the effect of preventing peanut allergies will still exist
C.National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases recommends infants take peanut products to prevent allergies
D.Babies who eat peanut products regularly have a reduced risk of peanut allergy by the age of 5

b
Recently, a new supermarket was opened in Changning District, Shanghai.From the appearance, this is a typical Chinese supermarket chain.The shelves are full of various foods and daily necessities.However, all the in-store products, although the appearance is not different from ordinary products It was empty inside, no signs of unpacking could be found on the packaging, and visitors had nowhere to know how the goods were "hollowed out".Although this was a short-selling supermarket, it was very popular.
Which of the following, if true, best explains the above phenomenon:
A.Some buyers don't know it's empty
B.Empty packaging is actually an art commodity
C.There are some empty packages that are prank props
D.Discussion on the daily consumer culture caused by supermarkets

a
Generalization means that once people and animals learn to respond to a specific conditional stimulus, other stimuli similar to that conditional stimulus will also trigger their conditional response.
According to the above definition, Which of the following phenomena are generalized:
A.People who have been bitten by big dogs many times will see the fear in the future.
B.After seeing someone's behavior rewarded, I often follow suit
C.The child does a good deed and gets candy for a reward, he will do well again
D.Immersion in antiques has been an expert for several years.

a
Currency depreciation is the symmetry of currency appreciation and refers to the decrease in the value or gold content of the currency.It is manifested in two aspects: one is the decline in the domestic purchasing power of the currency, and the other is the decline in the domestic currency's foreign exchange rate (external exchange rate).
According to the above definition, Which of the following descriptions belong to the devaluation of the RMB:
A.100 US dollars were exchanged for 600 yuan last year, and this year it can be exchanged for 700 yuan
B.100 yuan can buy 20 kg of rice last year and 30 kg of rice this year
C.100 US dollars were exchanged for 600 yuan last year, this year still exchange 600 yuan
D.100 US dollars were exchanged for 600 yuan last year, this year it can be exchanged for 500 yuan

c
The window-breaking effect is a theory of criminology, which believes that if the unhealthy phenomenon in the environment is allowed to exist, it will induce people to imitate it, and even worsen it.
According to the above definition, Which of the following reflects the window breaking effect:
A.Embankment of a thousand miles
B.Why sweep the world without sweeping
C.There is a little bit of confetti in a street, and people end up taking trash everywhere for granted
D.A child who breaks a window will inevitably cause the owner to change the glass, thereby promoting social employment

c
Adaptation transfer refers to the adjustment of the original experience or the generalization of the old and new experiences when the original cognitive experience is applied in the new situation, forming a higher-level cognitive structure that can accommodate the new and old experiences to adapt Changes outside.The fundamental characteristic of adaptive migration is bottom-up.
According to the above definition, Which of the following phenomena belong to compliance migration:
A.Recombining the concepts of cyber, war, and games will form a new concept of cyberwar games
B.The concept of "fish" in the original cognitive structure is composed of concepts such as band fish, grass carp, etc.Now to learn about eel, we will incorporate it into the concept of "fish" to gain the meaning of the new concept of eel
C.In daily life, concepts such as newspapers and television were first formed.When these concepts could not explain the new concept of "computer network", a concept "media" was established to mark such things
D.After readjusting and arranging some of the original dance moves, arrange a new set of dance moves

c
The habit of following the previous route is called the "follower" habit, and the phenomenon of blindly following the habit and thinking in response to failure results is called the "caterpillar effect".
According to the above definitions, Which of the following do not reflect the caterpillar effect:
A.Some shareholders believe in buying up or not buying, but they are often stuck
B.Xiao Wang believes that the law does not blame the public and executes wrong orders with colleagues
C.Xiao Zhang dyed her hair into a popular color.
D.Afraid Xiao Li and other classmates kept silent while Xiao Ming cheated

d
Force majeure refers to an objective situation that cannot be foreseen, unavoidable and insurmountable.If it cannot perform the contract or cause damage to others due to force majeure, it shall not bear civil liability, except as otherwise provided by law.
According to the above definition, Which of the following situations are not Majeure:
A.Flight delays due to weather failure to take off
B.The house collapsed due to the earthquake and the lease contract could not be performed
C.Delayed delivery of goods due to war in exporting country
D.Inability to deliver the goods due to the closure of the seller's factory

c
The kicking cat effect is a typical transmission mechanism of negative emotions.Human anger and dissatisfaction are often transmitted in order from strong to weak along the social relationship chain, from the tip of the pyramid to the bottom of the pyramid.The lower-level individuals often become the ultimate victims due to nowhere to vent, and then affect their behavior.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are most in line with the cat kick effect:
A.The naughty little boy knocked out another classmate at school.The teacher criticized him and he cried with his parents when he returned home
B.Li entrusted the pet dog to a neighbour on business trips.Due to the illness of the dog, the two turned upside down.
C.A mother was criticized by the leader at the unit and scolded the naughty daughter after returning home, and the daughter broke the remote
D.Xiaoming's mother sells drinks at the park entrance.A lady selling ice cream often vents her dissatisfaction, and the two quarrel.

d
The error of a specific administrative action refers to the apparent contradiction between the intentional expression made by the administrative subject or the meaning understood by the outside world and its true meaning in a specific administrative act.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are specific administrative acts with defects:
A.When a government department calculates a demolition compensation fee, its applicable legal provisions are incorrect.
B.An industrial and commercial department has violated the procedure of imposing administrative sanctions on an individual business owner operating without a license
C.A tax authority wrote a penalty of 5,000 yuan as 500 yuan in the tax penalty notice issued to a company
D.A public security organ did not affix an official seal to the decision on administrative penalty for fine Zhang

a
Mechanical performance refers to the use of mechanical equipment for the public performance of the performance of a work, and does not include the public screening of films and the dissemination of works through broadcast.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following behaviors are mechanical performance behaviors:
A.A supermarket uses a TV to play songs stored in the computer publicly
B.Art Museum C publicly displays a large number of calligraphy and photography works
C.Ding shopping mall publicly reproduces movies stored on the computer through a slide projector
D.Radio B is simultaneously broadcast on the Internet at the same time as the radio program is broadcast

d
Article decoration refers to unconsciously defending unacceptable emotions, behaviors, or motivations through seemingly reasonable but actually untenable reasons to make them acceptable.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following phenomena are not cultural decoration:
A.For something you can't get, say it must be bad
B.When grapes are not available but lemons are said to be sweet
C.Attributing the failure of the personal college entrance examination to the impact of the family environment
D.Attribute the success of your love simply to his handsome appearance

c
Projection refers to subjectively assigning some bad thoughts, motivations or emotions that belong to itself to others or others, shirk responsibility or blame others for their faults, thereby obtaining a relief.
According to the above definition, Which of the following phenomena are projected:
A.Husband vents his anger and dissatisfaction with his boss over the days and releases it to his loved ones at home
B.A boy who likes hard-working female classmates but does not dare to express it, secretly starts to work harder than her
C.One student was caught cheating on the exam.He thought that other students also cheated, which was better than himself.
D.A husband played too late and brought back a valuable gift for his wife to counteract guilt

c
The white bear effect stems from an experiment by Harvard social psychologist Daniel Wegener.He asked participants to try not to imagine a white bear.As a result, the participants' thinking rebounded strongly and quickly emerged in their minds.The image of a white bear is shown.The experimental results confirm that when we deliberately divert our attention, our minds also start to have unconscious "autonomous monitoring" behaviour-monitoring whether we are still thinking about things we should not think, which prevents us from fundamentally Give up on things.
According to the above definition, Which of the following phenomena are most consistent with the white bear effect:
A.In general, people always pay more attention to the things they like.
B.Many adolescent children, the more parents do not let him do anything, the more he wants to do it
C.A brokenhearted person tries to forget his former lover, but finds that the image of the other person is clearer in his mind
D.People often forget about completed work quickly, but they still forget about unfinished work

c
The enzyme is a small-molecule nutrient that can be absorbed by the body without digestion, and its nutrients are produced by the transformation and proliferation of microorganisms in raw materials.In addition, these microorganisms use vitamins, amino acids and other substances in vegetables and fruits to metabolize and transform to produce nutrients.Substances.Enzymes also contain traces of enzymes, mainly saccharifying enzymes and proteases, which can convert sugar into substances that can be used by cells.In recent years, enzyme products have been widely promoted by businesses, claiming that enzymes have the effect of losing weight, making some beautiful Consumers like it.
Which of the following, if true, can best refute the views of the aforementioned merchants:
A.Taking certain enzyme products containing probiotics and a variety of microorganisms has a certain slimming effect
B.Under certain conditions, probiotics and microorganisms in enzyme products can promote intestinal motility
C.After the enzyme enters the human body, the enzyme in it will be degraded by the digestive system and cannot play a biocatalytic role.
D.Substandard enzyme products on the market may cause great harm to the user's body

a
Why do you lose weight and rebound? Scientists first fed mice with a high-fat diet.After the mice became obese, some of them were given a normal diet, and they returned to their original body shape.The above feeding method was repeated several times.It was found that each time the mice on a high-fat-normal diet returned to their original weight, their oxygen consumption, energy expenditure, and other indicators of obesity returned to normal values, but their net weight gain was greater in each dieting cycle In mice that have always maintained a high-fat diet.What causes excess weight gain? Scientists have found that the circulation of high-fat and low-fat diets can change the balance of intestinal flora in mice, disrupting beneficial flavonoids, leading to Mice are more likely to gain weight.
Which of the following, if true, cannot support the above conclusion:
A.Study finds that the flora of obese mice uses fewer flavonoids
B.Human and mouse intestinal microbial communities, similar patterns in weight loss
C.When flavonoid dietary supplements are used, they can suppress excessive rebound of body weight
D.When mice return to normal drinking and lose weight, the broken flora in the body will not recover on its own

d
There are folk sayings such as "three nine supplements one winter, no pain in the coming year" and "winter supplements, spring and tigers", so most people think that winter is the best tonic season.
Which of the following, if true, would weaken the above view most:
A.When people lack certain necessary nutrients, they should choose the corresponding supplements according to the situation
B.Dry air in winter, timely rehydration or eating more fruits is good for human health
C.If there is no lack of nutrition, excessive supplementation of certain nutrients may be harmful to the body
D.Poor warming measures in the past and malnutrition in most people, the situation is now reversed

d
Scientist Chick found that there was a clear link between body mass index (BMI, a method of measuring weight and weight) and memory decline.In experiments, participants with higher BMI performed worse.Kick's findings suggest that obesity can cause brain atrophy and memory loss.
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the above conclusions?
A.Surgery transplanted obese abdominal fat into lean mice, and found that these fats caused brain inflammation in lean mice, altered synaptic function, and caused cognitive impairment in the transplanted mice.
B.A brain scan study involving 500 participants confirmed that obesity is closely related to brain degradation caused by aging, and this effect is particularly pronounced in middle-aged people
C.A medical school reports that the hippocampus is located deep in the brain and is responsible for learning and memory functions.Middle-aged people with higher abdominal fat content have a smaller hippocampal capacity than lean people
D.Some scientists have found that people who are distracted at lunch have a vague memory of lunch, which causes them to feel hungry and eat more at dinner.It is concluded that memory defects can cause weight gain

a
In one experiment, researchers asked college students to recall their grades in high school, and informed them that researchers would get their real grades from high school, so lying did not make any sense.The results showed that participants recalled five-fifths of the grades All of them are inconsistent with the actual situation, and the grades of different grades are different in the probability of being misremembered.The higher the score, the more difficult it is to remember wrongly: when you get A.you can always be accurately recalled, but when you get F, Hard to remember.
Based on the above information, which of the following can be introduced is:
A.The results that one can remember may be better than the actual results
B.Generally, what people do best is forgetting details
C.False memories can protect our belief in fairness and justice
D.False memories make us feel good about ourselves and good for our health

b
Should the public watch real court trials on television? Some foreign scholars believe that people do not watch trials on television because they care about the country's ability to effectively implement the operation of the judicial system.Instead, they want to see dramatic drama from witnesses.Effect-the pursuit of entertainment.Therefore, the camera should be removed from the court to prevent the public from using the legal system as a script of sitcoms.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above argument:
A.Judges and jurors become extra cautious when trying cases in front of thousands of spectators
B.As long as the trial of the defendant in criminal proceedings is on television, the audience basically finds him guilty
C.Witnesses may refuse to testify because they fear their testimony will reach the ears of thousands of viewers
D.Witnesses' testimony in court sometimes becomes a laughing stock after being broadcast on television

c
After a couple quarreled, the husband said angrily: "You should remember that whenever a man thinks, he is right and the judgment is correct.But a woman is just the opposite." The wife answered immediately: "Yeah You are absolutely right to choose me as your wife, and I am wrong to choose you as your husband."
The most appropriate evaluation of the wife's answer above is:
A.Use the topic transfer method to avoid the differences of views between the two sides and achieve the effect of soothing each other's emotions
B.There are some similar properties of two objects, and it is inferred that they may be similar in other properties
C.It seems that the subject of the respondent is obedient, but the true intention is to refute the opponent's sophistry with implicit words.
D.Prove the authenticity and validity of the other's diagnosis by citing an example related to it

b
The interest graph is a graph that links people's common interests as a link and is based on sharing common interests, but this sharing is not based on acquaintances between people.Social graphs are socially based on your personal knowledge Links, so circles are limited.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are social graphs:
A.WeChat public account
B.WeChat circle of friends
C.Che Youhui
D.Network community

c
The strange shrimp is a large extinct invertebrate marine animal that is currently the largest known Cambrian animal.Fossils show that this animal has more than a dozen rows of teeth, 25 cm in diameter, and 10 cm in length.5 cm thick.It is speculated that the body length of the odd shrimp may exceed 2 meters.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above speculation?
A.Marine shrimp food was abundant during the Cambrian
B.25 cm diameter giant mouth shrimp can prey on any large creature of the time
C.For large invertebrates, the more teeth the longer the body
D.The marine shrimp in the Cambrian period had a relatively fixed proportion of teeth and body length

d
Noise refers to the phenomenon of light radiation that exceeds the physiological tolerance range of the human body in the environment, makes people feel annoyed, and then has a certain effect on or even harms people's psychological or physical health.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are not classified as noise
A: When the bartender is working in the bar, he feels dizzy and nauseous under the illumination of the rotating lights and magic ball lights.
B: When a pedestrian walks on the street, the one-way see-through glass of the roadside building reflects sunlight, making him feel dizzy
C: During the driving process, the vehicle light shines on the glass curtain wall to form a reflection, which makes him hallucinate.
D.Construction worker feels the light shining during the crane lifting operation in the sun during construction

c
The Birkin phenomenon refers to the phenomenon that the sensitivity of the visual sense shifts to the blue end of the spectrum when the human eye is at a low illumination level.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following make use of the Birkinkh phenomenon:
A.The same red roses are printed on thin nylon screens and thick sofa fabrics, which can form a matching decorative effect with unique materials and attractive charm.
B.Large-sized rooms are decorated with warm colors such as cream, light brown, etc., which can make people feel warm and happy, and avoid giving people a sense of openness
C.When creating a lacquered painting for hanging in a dark indoor environment, in terms of color composition, the use of cold colors such as blue and green is better than warm colors such as red and orange.
D.The operating room environment of the hospital and the medical staff's overalls are blue-green, which can make it easier for doctors to see small blood vessels, nerves, etc.

b
Reckless generalization refers to a logical error that hastily makes a general conclusion based on only a few cases without accumulating sufficient materials for generalization.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not considered lightly
A.It's easy to make money by doing WeChat! A relative of mine started doing WeChat at the beginning of the year and now I have bought a car
B.In order to make a common choice with 20 million elites, please come and buy our online paid courses
C.My friend said that her philosophy class is difficult, and my philosophy class is also difficult.
D.I eat burgers almost every day, but my weight has not changed, so eating burgers does not cause obesity

c
Artistic intuition is that people in art activities directly feel and understand the characteristics, essence, and meaning of things without logical reasoning and analysis.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are artistic intuitions:
A.A skilled worker suddenly finds a reasonable operation method in a technical operation
B.A singer has found a singing and performing method that suits her after many performances
C.A tourist suddenly realized the unique connotation of the work while admiring Picasso's paintings
D.An art connoisseur discovered the characteristics of Van Gogh's paintings through multiple comparisons

b
A circular argument is a logical error, which means that the arguments and arguments are not independent of each other, but have the same content, and the process of their argument is to repeat the same content in different languages.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not cyclical arguments:
A.You are totally wrong, because you make no sense
B.Alien exists because you can't prove that he doesn't exist
C.You should believe that there is God in the world, because God does exist
D.He doesn't deserve you to love him so much because he doesn't deserve it

b
Spinal muscular atrophy is a rare and lethal genetic disease, and most children live less than 20 months.Recently, researchers have used new gene therapy to develop a biotech drug SpinrA.zA.SpinrA.zA., By injecting drugs around the patient's spinal cord, restored motor function to nearly half of the 73 patients.The researchers concluded that this new gene therapy will be used for the spinal cord.Breakthrough in the treatment of muscular dystrophy.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above argument
A.The FDA has approved the marketing of this new drug
B.None of the patients in the control group returned to motor function
C.The specific program design of the study is more scientific and reasonable
D.This gene therapy can also be used for the treatment of other diseases

d
In a debate on "whether inheritance or innovation is more important", the protagonist and the protagonist had a fierce debate.The protagonist argued in his speech: "Sequence equals importance."
As a counter-argument to the above view, Which of the following is the most powerful
A.Eating a bowl of noodles and adding some vinegar is necessary.But do you say that it is mainly noodles or vinegar?
B.I have to unscrew the cap before I can drink water.Doesn't this mean that screwing the cap is a necessary step?
C.The so-called "rooster sings the white world", but you can't always say that the white is sung by the rooster!
D.When I wear shoes, I always wear my left foot first, then my right foot.Does this mean that the left foot is more important than the right foot?

c
The rear waves of the Yangtze River push the front waves, and one generation is stronger than the other.
Which of the following is the same
A.Mud clams fight, fishermen gain
B.Young people do not work hard, the old man is sad
C.Lu Yao knows the horsepower and sees it for a long time
D.One leaf barrier, but not Tarzan

a
At a meeting of a company, A said: "Our department's work is not valued, and which of the following is always low-minded!" Up."
The same logic error made by B in the problem stem is
A.The narrative method of literary works is either narration or backward, both of which must be one of them.
B.Empiricism cannot be opposed at all.For example, work experience should not be opposed
C.I believe a famous philosopher: nothing in the world can be trusted
D.All criminal acts are illegal, so illegal acts are criminal acts

b
A publisher believes that: processing costs have increased by 10% to 12% in the past 5 years; raw material costs have increased by 10% to 13%, and sales and advertising costs have increased by more than 10%.Adding all these together, the total cost has increased at least This is only for large publishers.If it is a small publisher, the total cost has increased by at least 40%.It can be seen that the increase in book prices is mainly caused by the increase in costs, so I oppose increasing the copyright income of writers.
The most appropriate evaluation of the above argument is
A.Failure to provide specific evidence of increased processing costs
B.Ignoring other reasons for rising book prices
C.Miscalculated the proportion of total cost increase
D.Ignore statistics for medium-sized publishers

b
The more the social economy develops, the more a company has to be brave to take responsibility.The quality of the product, the brand, and social responsibility are all three.Without anyone, consumers will not pay.
Which of the following statements would weaken the above view
A.The quality of a product detected by a brand-name enterprise is not up to standard, and the sales volume of the product is significantly reduced.
B.The quality of a company's products is poor, but its sales volume continues to increase by means of promotion
C.A brand-name company has been paying taxes in accordance with the law, is enthusiastic about public welfare, and has steadily increased its sales.
D.After a brand-name company was exposed to tax evasion and tax evasion scandals, product sales significantly decreased

d
Optical tweezers are a technology that uses a three-dimensional potential well formed by a highly converging laser beam to capture, manipulate, and control tiny particles.Compared to mechanical tweezers, optical tweezers use non-mechanical contact to hold and manipulate cells., It first performs non-contact capture and fixation of target cells, and then performs precise operations on the cells.Because optical tweezers cause very little damage to cells, in life science research, almost all single-cell operations use light Use forceps to control.
Can be inferred from this
A.All methods for precise manipulation of cells have minimal damage to the cells
B.Non-contact capture and fixation of target cells can only use optical tweezers
C.Almost all non-single-cell operations are not controlled by optical tweezers.
D.Everything that uses mechanical contact to hold and manipulate cells is not optical tweezers.

c
Cultural self-confidence is the identity, affirmation, and persistence of the subject's own culture.Cultural consciousness is the prerequisite for cultural self-confidence.Without deep cultural self-consciousness, it is impossible to have high cultural self-confidence.Without high cultural self-confidence, there is no cultural prosperity There will be no great revival of the Chinese nation.
From the above, Which of the following must be correct
A.Without cultural prosperity, there must be no profound cultural awareness
B.As long as there is a high degree of cultural self-confidence, there will be cultural prosperity
C.Without profound cultural awareness, there will be no great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation
D.With a high degree of cultural confidence, there will be a great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation

c
The reverse fallacy is a logical error in judging whether an opinion is correct based on the good or bad results of an opinion if it is true (or not).
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following inverse fallacy is
A.Because you are late, the customer is angry, and the company loses a big contract, so it is your fault
B.Politicians have expressed support for tax increases despite fears that tax increases could adversely affect voters' lives
C.If you don't listen to me, I will deduct your pocket money, so you are right to listen to me
D.Since doing eye exercises, my eyesight has dropped sharply.

c
The determination of the wall color must first consider the orientation of the room.The rooms facing south and east should have sufficient light, and the wall should be in cold tones such as light blue and light green.In the north room, the walls should be in warm tones such as milk yellow.Main.The color of the wall plays a role in supporting the background of the furniture, so it should be used in light tones.In addition, the spacious rooms are decorated with warm colors to avoid the feeling of emptiness; the small rooms are decorated with cool colors, which makes people feel visual.Bigger.
Which of the following best meet the basic principles of interior color design
A.South-facing restaurant with light blue walls
B.North-facing small bedroom with light blue walls
C.Small study facing east with light green walls
D.Large west-facing living room with dark blue walls

d
The mode is the most frequently occurring data in a group of data.Mean is the average number of copies in a group of data.Median is a group of data arranged in order of size and located in the middle.
According to the above definition, Which of the following statement is wrong
A.The average indicates the overall average level, and the median indicates the average level in life
B.The selection of "best" and "most popular" in daily life is generally related to the mode
C.The mean is calculated, the median is calculated by sorting, and the mode is calculated by counting
D.The influence of individual extreme data on the mean is not obvious, and the influence on the mode and median is greater

a
Crowdsourcing refers to a cooperation model in which a company or an organization voluntarily outsources the work tasks performed by employees to an unspecified public network.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are crowdsourced
A.For a large number of car enthusiasts on a network platform, a company recruits authors to define and name a new concept car developed by the company.
B.College teacher Xiao Wang contacted high school classmate Xiaoli via WeChat in order to participate in an amateur model contest and asked her to help design a beautiful competition costume
C.Software company M with system research and development as its core competitiveness, hired another company H with strong website development capability to carry out website architecture for its own company
D.A T-shirt company in Chicago, USA has a huge network of T-shirt enthusiasts, and receives a large amount of communication information from different enthusiasts every day.

d
Remote sensing geophysical exploration refers to the method of detecting the information of electromagnetic waves radiated (or reflected) by ground objects with various sensors at a relatively distant location to ascertain the various geological or geological conditions.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are remote sensing geophysical surveys:
A.Doctors use X-rays to examine the lesions of patients' organs
B.Scouts use mine detection devices to find buried mines
C.Scientists observe stars in outer space through the "sky eye" system
D.Scientists use satellites for geological exploration of a coastal area

c
The anthropogenic environment anomaly refers to the phenomenon that, within a certain area, due to human behavior, one or more environmental elements of the natural environment have changed significantly and disrupted the relative equilibrium relationship of the ecosystem.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are human-environment anomalies:
A.There is a wealth of petroleum resources stored underground in a certain place.Recently, the well water in nearby villages has become cloudy and accompanied by a pungent odor.It has been tested that it contains a large number of heavy metals and is not suitable for drinking.
B.Surface subsidence due to an earthquake.After a heavy rain, some areas have severely stagnated water, causing crops and fruit trees in these areas to rot and wither.
C.Orders in the riverside industrial park in a certain place have recently increased significantly, and the amount of wastewater discharged has also increased.As a result, fish and shrimp in the lower reaches of the river have died, and crops along the coast have died out.
D.Toxic elements from a volcanic eruption scattered on the ground, changed the original chemical composition in the soil, and formed a high-fluorine and high-humid soil, which affected the growth of crops

d
Light scattering refers to the phenomenon that sunlight hits the atmosphere and collides with air molecules and spreads in all directions.Among them, the scattering caused by large particles such as smoke, dust, water droplets and aerosols in the atmosphere is It is called Mie Scattering.Mie Scattering is characterized by the light of all wavelengths being evenly scattered and mixed together to appear white.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are Mie scattering:
A.Red sunset
B.Blue seawater
C.Seven-color rainbow
D.Clouds in the midday sky

b
A study published in the British Medical Journal showed that people who eat the most white rice have a 55% increased risk of diabetes compared with those who eat the least.Some people have concluded that eating more white rice is prone to diabetes.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion
A.Many other factors, including genetics, also increase the risk of diabetes
B.People who do not eat or eat staple food for a long time are also prone to diabetes
C.White rice lacks nutrients such as dietary fiber that the human body needs every day
D.People who eat more white rice also have higher intakes of other types of food

b
In recent years, many students have chosen to study abroad.They believe that gold plating can increase competitiveness for future employment.However, the data in the 2017 Returnee Employability Survey Report shows that it is not easy for returnees to apply for a job in the country.There are certain disadvantages.
Which of the following, if true, best explains the phenomenon
A.The popularity of returnee identity has a greater relationship with the industry
B.Most returnees are unfamiliar with the domestic employment situation and business needs
C.The actual salary level of most returnees falls short of their expectations
D.Graduates from overseas universities such as Oxford are still favored by employers

a
Yesterday your IT department performed a server upgrade.At night, my computer could not be turned on.Can you restore the server to its original state?
Which of the following attribution methods are most similar to the stem
A.President Jones raises taxes and the number of violent crimes rises, so taxes should not be raised
B.Rising prices are the main cause of inflation, so controlling prices will curb inflation
C.As a parent, you ca n’t let your child lose on the starting line, so please choose Little Star Toddler Intelligence Development
D.If you don't study hard, you won't be able to get into college in the future and you won't find a job.I think what should you do?

c
With the popularization of mobile payment and the gradual development of the concept of knowledge content consumption, knowledge payment has gradually become a generally accepted learning method.Since 2015, various knowledge payment platforms have been launched and the number of users has grown rapidly.Related reports show that 2017 In 2008, the number of paid users of knowledge content in China reached 188 million, and knowledge payment is becoming a weapon for people to break through from massive information.
Which of the following, if true, best explains the above phenomenon
A.Knowledge payment can meet the broad interests of the majority of netizens at any time
B.The thirst for new knowledge and skills among contemporary youth is increasing
C.Knowledge payment can meet people's low threshold and efficient learning needs
D.Fans can ask the knowledge idol at any time through the knowledge payment method

d
For a long time, people have thought that the conflict between work and family is mainly troubled by women.However, the results of a recent anonymous questionnaire show that there is almost no difference between men and women in the trouble of work and family conflict.Know the opposite.
Which of the following, if true, cannot explain the above contradiction
A.Compared to women, men are more willing to show the appearance of the strong, and less willing to talk about their problems publicly
B.Men are more likely than women to describe their problems frankly in an anonymous questionnaire
C.Women are more willing to talk to others about their problems than men, thereby reducing stress
D.Women with children are more likely to interfere with work than women without children

b
The bugs in summer cannot talk about ice in winter because it can't live in winter at all, and naturally, don't know what kind of ice is in winter.Similarly, college students have just graduated.How can they do good sales if they don't exercise for two years?
Which of the following options are most similar to the argument mistakes
A.I fully agree with you on whether to approve the loans of these companies, but there is still a small objection
B.The human brain will be damaged if it is used too much.Because the human brain is material, the machine will wear out if used for a long time, and the human brain is no exception.
C.Xiao Wang's words are not wrong, because he listened to his dad, who is a mathematician who has a rigorous scholarship, is respected, and has a profound accomplishment.
D.People can understand the world because they have the ability to understand the world.The reason why people have the ability to understand the world is that people can understand the world

a
Theft cases in a residential community are frequent.At the request of the residents, the property installed a multifunctional anti-theft system for the community at the beginning of last year.As a result, the incidence of theft in this community has dropped significantly.Reduce the incidence of theft.
Which of the following, if true, would best strengthen the above conclusion
A.Last year, the number of thefts in residential communities without such a theft system increased significantly
B.Another anti-theft system is also installed in another nearby residential area, but the effect is not good
C.Since the beginning of last year, the city has strengthened law and order management, and the number of theft cases has decreased significantly.
D.The property adopts other anti-theft measures, which also plays a role in preventing theft cases.

c
Recently, some researchers have developed a new type of see-through film, which is a high-strength polyethylene film manufactured by fine-tuning the hot-drawing temperature, and its strength is 10 times that of conventional see-through films.Some people predict that in the near future, mobile phone screens will no longer be afraid of falling.
Which of the following, if true, cannot support the above predictions
A.The maximum tensile strength of this new film is comparable to space-grade aluminum
B.This new type of film is particularly light and suitable for a variety of small electronic products
C.This new type of film has poor transparency and is not suitable for mobile phone screens
D.This new type of film is cheap and suitable for large-scale commercial manufacturing

b
Friendship is an important way to obtain happiness in life.According to the ancient Roman philosopher Cicero, "friendship only exists between good people, and friendship that lasts forever is the hardest thing"; another Spanish philosopher Jolo Shangtayana believes that "friendship is almost always a combination of part of one heart and part of another heart, and people can only be partial friends."
If the above statement is true, Which of the following must be true
A.Life-long friendship is the most precious asset
B.There must be no friendship between bad people and bad people
C.There must be some kind of local friendship between good people
D.Friendship is the most important way to achieve happiness in life

c
At a party, A likes Sichuan food, B likes Sichuan food, and C likes all Sichuan food.The hot pot meat is not Sichuan food, but Mapo Tofu is Sichuan food.
Based on the above conditions, Which of the following must be true
A.A likes eating Mapo Tofu
B.B likes eating Mapo Tofu
C.B does not like to eat meat in a pan
D.C does not like to eat meat in a pot

d
At present, widely used mechanical metamaterials have excellent characteristics such as negative thermal expansion, high strength and stiffness at low weight.However, once this mechanical metamaterial is constructed, its properties cannot be changed or adjusted.Recently, researchers have developed A new material overcomes this problem.It is certain that in the near future, robots, smart wearable equipment and other fields will definitely change their appearance.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion
A.At present, there are scientific research teams and research teams of this achievement to discuss the specific application prospects of this new material
B.From the synthesis of a new material to the practical application of the material, there are many unpredictable difficulties to be overcome
C.The stability of this new material's response to magnetic fields and the requirements for magnetic field strength are still being repeatedly tested and tested
D.History proves that every breakthrough in new technology and new materials will cause rapid changes in related application fields.

c
According to reports, 248 middle schools in a poor area have been synchronizing classes with key middle schools in a certain tier city for 16 years through live broadcast.Over the past 16 years, some of these 248 middle schools have provincial champions and some have undergraduate progression rates It has increased more than tenfold.From the data point of view, this live teaching mode is very successful.However, it is regrettable that this successful mode has not been widely promoted throughout the country.
Which of the following, if true, cannot explain this regrettable phenomenon
A.Different middle school students have different knowledge bases, and this live teaching is not targeted
B.This model requires the concerted efforts of many departments and faces many difficulties.
C.It is difficult to form high-level teachers in middle schools in most poor areas
D.Some poor areas are backward and conservative, unwilling to try and accept new things

b
When a fat man looks depressed, others think he is hungry."
The concept that best illustrates this phenomenon is
A.Social Focus Effect: A tendency for a person to overestimate the attention of people around him to his appearance and behavior
B.Self-transparency illusion: a tendency for people to overestimate how much their personal mental state is known to others
C.Bystander effect: when an individual is facing an emergency, the presence of others will inhibit the occurrence of altruistic behavior
D.Self-proven prophecy: If people believe something will happen, it will eventually happen

c
Semantic memory refers to people's memory of general knowledge and laws, which has nothing to do with special places and time.Contextual memory refers to people's memory of an event based on Spatio-temporal relationships, which is inseparable from personal experience and is subject to Limitations of time and space.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are semantic memory and episodic memory.
A.I remember my mother tying her shoes and remembering where I bought the shoes
B.Remember the meaning of "psychology" and how to write the word "psychology"
C.Remember the meaning of "literary art" and remember the dance program at the annual meeting last night
D.Remember where you lived as a kid and how to use your office printer

c
Clothing color matching principles: warm colors should not be matched with cold colors.Warm colors include red, orange, yellow, pink.Cool colors include cyan, blue, purple, green, and gray.Intermediate colors include black, white, and brown.Coordination principles of clothing with body shape: 1 Fatty people should not wear warm or light clothing.2 Thinner people should not wear dark clothing.
Which of the following combinations meet the above principles:
A.Heavier nails, crimson top with light orange pants
B.Thinner B, Light Yellow Top with Light Gray Pants
C.Fatter C, dark blue top with pure black pants
D.Skinny Ding, dark yellow top with light pink pants

b
From September to December 018, the rents of rents in a certain tier city skyrocketed.Some people believe that the root cause of the rise in rents is that some long-term rental apartment operators are rushing to buy properties and vicious competition.
Which of the following, if true, can best refute the above view
A.There has always been an imbalance in the rise in house prices and rents in most first-tier cities.
B.The change in supply and demand caused by the new settlement policy is the only reason for the skyrocketing rents
C.The operators of a few short-term rental apartments also have the problem of vicious competition such as driving up rents.
D.In September-December 2018, some rental courtyard and industrial area apartments in the city were demolished

a
In July 018, the General Administration of Sports issued the `` Notice on Hosting the 2018 National E-sports Open Championship '', which listed some well-known online games as official competition items, and the champions and runners-up of the finals will be eligible for national training.At the same time as Internet addiction, issuing this notice seems to be contradictory.
Which of the following best explains this seemingly contradictory phenomenon
A.Professional e-sports training is fundamentally different from entertaining online games
B.Actual combat is not a key factor in improving the level of online games
C.The improvement of online games is inseparable from a large amount of practical training
D.For students, school is far more important than online games

b
Many scientists believe that the main cause of global sea-level rise is global warming, and the melting of glaciers and ice sheets has intensified.Recently, some researchers have found through statistical data that the snowfall in Antarctica has increased significantly in the past century, which has increased Antarctica.According to the amount of frozen water "stored" in frozen areas, some experts are optimistic that the trend of global sea-level rise will be reversed.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the expert's point of view
A.According to relevant statistics, the amount of snowfall in Antarctica has decreased slightly in recent years
B.The ice increase caused by snowfall is only one-third of the ice loss caused by melting glaciers
C.Researchers' analysis of causes affecting global warming may have missed some
D.According to relevant meteorological departments, the global average temperature this year will be slightly lower than last year

d
Recently, the latest data analysis of a certain national aerospace agency confirmed that the signal detected by Mars probe "Curious" on Mars in June 2013 was a methane signal.Some people have inferred that this methane may originate from living in Gaelic.The organisms in the crater indicate that there must be life on Mars.
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the above inference
A.Methane has always been seen as a sign of life on a distant planet
B.The methane signal detected on Mars has been consistently stable
C.The methane on Earth will quickly disappear into the atmosphere after being produced by organisms, which proves that the methane on Mars must have been released shortly
D.The methane found on Mars may be due to the meteorite impact, causing the methane gas in the storage ground to be continuously released.

b
A group refers to an interdependent and interacting population structure composed of two or more people in order to achieve a common specific goal.
Which of the following belong to the group?
A.Passengers flying together
B.Tourists participating in European tours
C.Customers lining up to buy the same product
D.Crowds on the road watching traffic accidents

b
Confession refers to an act in which a criminal voluntarily confesses a crime to a public security organ, a people's procuratorate, a people's court, or other relevant unit after committing a crime, and is willing to accept legal treatment.
Which of the following is a typical confession? ?
A.Li Mou wanted to break up with his girlfriend and kill him.Then he went out of the factory and found a car coming and bumped his head.The driver wanted to take him to the hospital.Li Mou said he had killed someone, don't save him.
B.Li was wanted by the public security organs for theft.After he fled for many years, he came to the public security organs with his parents to explain the problem after repeated persuasion by his parents.
C.Li was arrested by the public security organs for theft and explained his criminal facts in front of the evidence presented by the public security personnel.
D.After Lee murdered, he felt his conscience was condemned, so he wrote a testament, telling the truth about his killing, and then took medicine to commit suicide.

b
Joint debts: when there are several creditors or debtors, each creditor may request the debtor to perform all the debts, and each debtor is obligated to perform all the debts; and all the debts are abolished due to the full performance at one time.
Which of the following are not joint liabilities?
A.Responsibilities of bill guarantor and acceptor or drawer to bearer
B.Before the establishment of a limited liability company, if the shareholders do not pay the capital contribution in accordance with the regulations, each shareholder is responsible for making up the capital contribution
C.Liability for payment of insurance premiums by the insured and contract assignee when the insurance contract for the carriage of goods by sea is transferred
D.Compensation Liability for the Third Party

c
Positive social deviance refers to deviance in which members of society deviate from or violate existing social norms and play a positive and progressive role in social development.
Which of the following is a violation of a positive society?
A.Robbery
B.Pursuit of trend
C.Nagamo accepts appointments contrary to the custom that women should not serve as chief medical officers
D.Negative hippies who oppose cultural goals and their means of realization but cannot be changed

c
Contract: An agreement between the parties to establish, change, or terminate a civil relationship.A lawfully established contract is protected by law.The establishment of a contract must follow two principles: ① the principle of law; ② equality and mutual benefit, consensus, and the principle of equal pay.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is not part of the contract?
A.The school needs to acquire land for the expansion of the campus.After negotiation, it will sign a contract with the real estate owners around the school, purchase it at 2,500 yuan per square meter, pay first and then demolish it.If the contract is not fulfilled within one month, the contract will be delivered to the default party gold
B.A company has entered into a one-year cooperative relationship contract with its raw material supplier.The company provides the raw material factory with a one-time fund of 100,000 yuan for its turnover.The raw material factory guarantees to provide the company with a certain amount of raw materials each month.
C.Two thieves enter into a life-and-death agreement before committing the crime, and once one of the two is caught, the second person must never be offered
D.A publisher signs a cooperation agreement with a writer.The writer writes a 150,000-word documentary novel.The publisher pays him 10,000 yuan as a reward after the book is completed.

c
Mass dissatisfaction with leading cadres not only arises from the actions and performance of leaders, but also largely due to the gap between the expectations of leaders and their actual performance.Therefore, if you are running for leadership of any unit or department, It is unwise to make a wish to the masses during the campaign.
Which of the following conclusions can be drawn from the above discussion?
A.As long as the expectations of the masses for the leader are low enough, the masses will not be dissatisfied even if this leader does nothing while in office
B.As long as the leadership's actions and performance are outstanding, the masses will not develop dissatisfaction
C.Due to the high expectations of the masses, the dissatisfaction of the masses may still exist despite the outstanding performance of the leaders
D.Smart Leaders Can't Promise to the Masses When Campaigning

b
In 980, between 18 and 24 years of age, the proportion of people living with their parents accounted for 48% of the population in that age group, and by 1986, this proportion rose to 53%.It can be said that in 1986, It is even more difficult for people of this age to live independently.
Which of the following assumptions is based on the above conclusions?
A.People who cannot support themselves at this age are more likely to live with their peers than their parents
B.Some people in this age group, as long as they can live independently, choose to be independent rather than living with their parents
C.People living with their parents in this age group do not share the cost of housing
D.Compared with 1986, 1980 has a more suitable social environment for young people to start their own businesses.

a
A report that many apples contain a carcinogen has minimal impact on consumers.Few consumers intend to change their buying habits.However, in March, one month after the report, the grocery store's Apple sales have fallen significantly.
Which of the following, if true, would best explain the apparent difference? ?
A.In March, many grocers removed apples from shelves in order to show their concern for consumer health
B.Due to a large number of food safety warnings, consumers have been indifferent to such warnings by March
C.Although this preservative is also used on other fruits, this report did not mention it
D.In addition to newspapers, this report also appeared on TV

b
To be mentally healthy, people must have self-esteem.People must maintain self-esteem by constantly earning the respect of others they respect, and only by treating them ethically.
Which of the following conclusions can be derived from the above?
A.Mental health will be treated ethically by others
B.Mental health will treat people they respect ethically
C.Mental health must have self-esteem in order to be treated ethically by others
D.Self-respecting people rarely treat those they respect ethically

d
Social stereotypes: a set of fixed opinions on various types of people, and use this as a basis for judging and evaluating their personality.
Which of the following are not social stereotypes:
A.The so-called "no business without rape", businessmen are profit-seeking, seeing money open
B.Xiao Yang is sensitive and delicate, well-dressed, not like a man from the Northeast, but like a petty man from Shanghai
C.They all say that the performing arts circle is a big dye tank, and the children of good people will not take the entertainment and entertainment path.
D.Speaking of professors, people often have the impression that they have glasses, grey hair, and often have a thick stack of books under their arms.

d
Conceptual skills: the ability to perceive, analyze, judge, abstract and generalize things.
Based on the above definition, please determine which of the following is the performance of managerial conceptual skills?
A.Professor Xu Yaozong is the dean of a provincial hospital.He has worked in this hospital for decades and has grown from a doctor to a dean.He manages a large hospital with hundreds of people.
B.As the president of a university, Mr.Wu has a very own way of managing the school.He can fully mobilize the enthusiasm of each teacher and motivate them to move toward the goal of building a first-class university
Mr.Zhu is the director of a well-known law firm.He has been engaged in economic disputes for a long time, and now he often appears in court.
D.Hao Rui is the boss of a well-known domestic appliance company.It is precise because of his keen sense of the market that he can accurately and timely grasp the changes in the trend, so that the company grows rapidly.

c
Insomnia: A condition of unsatisfactory quality of sleep that lasts for a long time.
Based on this definition, which of the following conditions can be considered a diagnosis of insomnia?
A.Grandma Wang is 71 years old.She only sleeps 4-5 hours a day.She wakes up before morning light, no matter how she keeps her asleep.This has been the case since she retired.There are already 10 Years
B.Xu is a very capable young man who works hard every night.He can only sleep for 3 or 4 hours and can accomplish the assigned tasks outstandingly.
C.Xiao Liu is a young nurse.One day she woke up in the middle of the night and did not fall asleep again.The next day, she almost made a mistake at work.Fortunately, she was discovered by colleagues in time.After that, she was particularly worried about going to bed every day.But it's always difficult to fall asleep.She is afraid to ask for various reasons to ask for leave if she makes another mistake.Now she hasn't gone to work for a month
D.Zhang and Song broke up.After the breakup, Zhang Daniel, who was in pain, did n’t eat or drink, and ignored anyone.He kept himself in the house all day, and did n’t sleep at night.It has been more than a week.

d
Computer virus: A program, an executable piece of code, is a program that can spread to other programs through disks, tapes, and networks as a medium.It can "infect" other programs.Just like biological viruses, computer viruses have a unique ability to replicate.A latent, contagious and destructive program that achieves its own replication and exists with the aid of a certain carrier.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is a computer virus?
A.Antivirus software
B.Calculator program code that can provide common mathematical operations in Windows
C.Infectious diseases
D.A piece of program code that changes the contents of the computer's registry

a
Illegal business crime: refers to violations of state regulations, the implementation of various state restrictions or prohibitions on the operation of disrupting market order, serious circumstances of reselling behavior.
In the following examples, the crimes that constitute illegal business are:
A.Wang, a certain district in a city in Zhejiang Province, registered "Xinyuan Economic and Trade Co., Ltd.", using sales commissions and development offline commissions to organize and absorb more than 9,800 marketers across the country for apparel, health products, leather goods, etc.Fitness equipment and other MLM activities, the MLM amounted to more than 13.37 million yuan
B.Yang of the Northeast has registered a cosmetics wholesale and retail company online, and now has more than 10,000 registered members online.Most of these members order online and pay by bank transfer.
C.Chen and Li from Beijing advertised a non-existent beauty salon through publicity methods such as shopping malls and street hair flyers, deceiving more than 200 women to become their members, and receiving membership fee collection $ 18,000
D.The teacher of the school library, who sells precious books donated by foreigners without permission, earning more than 8,000 yuan

d
The judgment of inevitability: This shows the actual prescriptiveness of the subject (blunt judgment: roses are plants; hypothetical judgment: if the sun rises, it is daylight; judgment by choice: South American lungfish are either fish or amphibian).
According to the above definition, which of the following is not a judgment of necessity?
A.If the light is on, it must be powered on
B.Water is a fluid
C.Rabbit is a mammal
D.The color of the black cat's hair is all black

a
The crime of embezzlement: refers to the act of illegal possession, taking property or other forgotten things kept for others, and burying the property as its own, a large amount and refusing to return it.
According to the above definition, which of the following acts is a typical offence:
A.A's friend, B, visits the house of A.After drinking, B forgets his own handbag with a value of 12,000 yuan in the house of A.and when he returns to search, he says that he has not seen the bag
B.The accountant of a Sino-foreign joint venture uses its convenience to handle the company's finances to lend a company's 20,000 yuan of income to its friends, but the friends did not return because of bad business
C.A middle-aged man was struggling at hand, and when he went to his neighbor's house one evening, he took away a necklace worth 5,000 yuan.
D.Wang borrowed 10,000 yuan from his friend Liu a few years ago and has forgotten to return it for many years

c
Robot: It is an automated machine, the difference is that this machine has some intelligence similar to humans or living things, such as perception ability, planning ability, actionability and collaboration ability, it is a highly flexible automated machine.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is a robot?
A.Machines on automated production lines
B.A humanoid machine that can say hello in several languages
C.A machine that plays football
D.A human-like machine

d
Announcement: Applicable to all levels of administrative organs to announce important or legal issues to the people.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is an announcement?
A.The obituary was written by his son after his death
B.College entrance examination transcripts posted by the school
C.Xiao Zhang's schedule for Xiao Zhang's mother
D.Criminal warrant issued by the Public Security Bureau

b
Fair test: It means that all candidates who take the test are treated exactly the same during the test.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following practices that violate the fairness of the exam are:
A.A city has stopped the junior high school enrollment method that has been used for many years to pass the exam.Way to arrange school
B.There is a question about the construction of the Beijing subway.There is no difficulty in understanding this question for candidates in Beijing.However, some candidates from remote rural areas are very confused about the "underground railway".
C.In order to take this test, Li Hong has been reviewing her work for half a year, and her family has hired an experienced tutor for her.Wang Li can only use her spare time to prepare for the test.After work every day, she must also help disabled fathers and young Younger brother cooks and does laundry and often starts reviewing after 10 pm
D.The competitive induction test contains some questions about Western literature.In fact, this knowledge of Western literature has little to do with the job.Some "nerds" have passed high marks.

c
Representation: It is the image of people in their minds when things are not in front of them.It has the characteristics of intuitiveness, generalization, operability, etc., and plays an important role in image thinking.
According to the above definition, which of the following phenomena is superficial?
A.People who have not seen the winter in the north can form a scene of the northern country in their minds by reading through Mao Zedong's poem Qin Yuan Spring · Snow.
B.Sun Wukong is a figure abstracted by Mr.Wu Chengen
C.When a child stares at a painting for a few minutes and closes his eyes, he can still remember every detail of the painting clearly
D.When people read the vivid appearance of Wang Xifeng in A Dream of Red Mansions, they seem to see Wang Xifeng standing in front of his eyes.

b
Norm: It refers to the expectation that people are required to act, how to think, and how to experience in a specific environment.It is a relatively fixed behavior.
Based on the above definition, which of the following behaviors embodies the norm?
A.A person who has lived by the sea from a young age worked in the grassland and slowly adapted to life there
B.Lawyer's calm, steady, objective and sense of justice in court
C.Xiao Zheng is wearing a vest and shorts and pedal slippers to attend a friend's wedding
D.In order to make everyone have fun, we have developed new rules of the game

d
Social security: A series of social security systems in which the state and society materially guarantee the basic living rights of members of society through the redistribution of national income in accordance with certain laws and regulations.
Which of the following are not social security?
A.State maternity insurance for wage workers to ensure that female employees live during childbirth
B.The society provides minimum living allowance for laid-off workers
C.The State provides life security for all retired soldiers
D.Red Cross grants relief to people in disaster-stricken areas

c
Commodities: Labor products produced for exchange are called commodities.
Which of the following is not a commodity?
A.Gold jewellery in department stores
B.Pigs Feed by Professional Pigs
C.Vegetables are grown by Zhao in front of his house for his own consumption
D.Medical oxygen

a
The act of disposition of property refers to an act that directly results in the transfer or elimination of property rights.The result of the disposition of property is the transfer of rights, the reduction or change of the content of the rights, the burden on the rights, and the extinction of rights.
According to the above definitions, which of the following acts are not property disposal acts?
A.In order to guarantee a debt, Company A mortgaged all its own properties.The mortgage behavior restricted Company A's ownership of the property.
B.B abandons his TV.The abandonment makes B's ownership of the TV obsolete.
C.C entered into a contract with D to sell C's heirloom ancient paintings, and agreed that C would deliver the ancient paintings after 7 days.The contract made C bear the obligation to transfer the ownership of the ancient paintings after 7 days
D.D forgive C's pecuniary debt, and the forgiveness makes C need not perform his obligation to repay the money

d
In one experiment, half of the subjects were the experimental group and consumed a large amount of some peppers.The other half of the control group did not eat the peppers.As a result, the experimental group's cognitive ability was much worse than the control group.This result is due to vitamin E, a major component of this pepper.
Which of the following, if true, would be most helpful in proving that the ingredients in this pepper contributed to this experimental conclusion?
A.The vitamin E mentioned in the above conclusion is found in all vegetables.In order to ensure nutrition, a certain amount of this vitamin E must be ingested.
B.The amount of peppers consumed by people in the experimental group is within the safe amount prescribed by the government food regulations
C.In the second experiment, only one group that consumed a lot of peppers was used as the experimental group, and no control group that did not consume peppers was given.
D.Before the experiment, the two groups of subjects were equally divided according to their cognitive ability.

b
People with very low IQs must not become famous, but people with very high IQs may not become famous.Most of the other factors that make people famous are emotional intelligence.
Can it be launched from this?
A.As long as people have a high IQ and EQ, they must succeed
B.People with high emotional intelligence may not be able to become famous
C.EQ is more important to fame and fortune than IQ
D.People with a high IQ must have a low EQ

c
Since 1994, the Proposal Group of the National People's Congress has received a proposal every year to legislate for euthanasia.However, the law realizes the will of most people.Whether euthanasia is in line with the will of most people is not scientific.The results of investigations, and the implementation of the law, is extremely compulsory.Once euthanasia legislation, it is like a double-edged blade in front of the patient.When used well, it can truly relieve the patient's pain; it can be used If not, it may become an excuse for depriving patients of their right to life.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Before 1994, no one proposed to legislate for euthanasia
B.Most people who favor euthanasia are patients
C.Sometimes the law can be used to do wrongdoing
D.As long as surveys show that most nationals agree with euthanasia, euthanasia is legal

d
Nucleic acid and other "gene foods" appearing in the name of health products are not very helpful to human health.From a scientific point of view, the claim that the human body needs to supplement foreign nucleic acids cannot be established.What the human body lacks is nutrition, and nucleic acid cannot be lacking.Some advertisements say that people are old or sick, and their ability to make genesis weakened, which is even more nonsense.
Can it be launched from this?
A.All advertisements for health products lack a scientific basis
B.Nucleic acids in the body decrease with age
C.Illness is the result of malnutrition
D.Consuming health products may not improve physical health

a
Carotenoids have a strong anti-cancer function after being absorbed by the human body.Studies have shown that after the vegetables are cooked, the cell membrane of the plant will soften, which makes the carotenoids more easily absorbed by the body.Raw vegetables can only be absorbed by the human body.Carotenoids from 4% to 4%, and for carotenoids in cooked vegetables, the body's absorption rate can increase by 45%.
From this?
A.Eating cooked vegetables is more effective in fighting cancer than eating raw vegetables
B.People who eat carrots often cannot get cancer
C.After the vegetables are cooked, their carotenoid content will increase
D.Cancer patients do not like vegetables

d
A.B, and C held the red flag, green flag, and yellow flag, respectively, and climbed from the east, south, and west to the top of the mountain.A does not lift the red flag, nor does it lift the red flag from the east.The mountain on the west; B holds the green flag.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Green flag-bearer from the south
B.C from the east
C.It is not the one who holds the yellow flag
D.B does not mount from the south

b
With its trade with China, France lags far behind Japan and the United States, and even lags behind Britain and Italy.China's GDP growth rate this year is expected to reach 7.5% to 7.8%.Compared with the first seven months of 2001, France Trade with China only increased by 2.7%, while other European countries that were competitors also increased trade with China by an average of 10%.
What does this passage say?
A.The french-chinese trade growth rate is lower than China's GDP growth rate
B.The pace of development of French trade with China is relatively slow
C.France's trade with China lags far behind other developed countries
D.Trade between China and other European countries except France is growing rapidly

b
At the beginning of AD, priests spread Christianity throughout the Roman Empire.The spread of Christianity first involved the civilian class in major cities.Christians opposed the idea of royal power, so the monarchs regarded them as a threat, and Organized violence to destroy them.However, this did not interrupt the expansion of the new faith, it won the noble class and the most influential people a little bit, and soon reached the people around the emperor and the Supreme Monarch himself.312 The Milan decree put an end to the persecution.In 380 AD, Theodosius decree made Christianity the state religion.Therefore, the 4th century AD marked a turning point in the concept of Christianity.
According to this passage, which of the following is the correct inference that can be obtained?
A.Christianity has opposed imperial rule from the beginning and has been fighting the Roman emperor and his regime
B.Christianity becomes the state religion, which means that it is illegal and legal, and it is admired by persecution
C.Christianity won the support of the noble class and the most influential people in 312 AD
D.Christians are no longer persecuted and Christianity is recognized after 380 AD

c
which is nucleic acid? Nucleic acids and proteins are important macromolecules unique to organisms.Not only are nucleic acids the basic components of all biological cells, but they also play a major role in the growth, development, reproduction, inheritance and mutation of biological organisms.There are two major types of ribonucleic acid (DNA) and ribonucleic acid (RNA), which are connected by the 3 and 5 phosphate bonds of nucleotides.
From this, it can be inferred that the following explanation of "nucleic acid" is incorrect?
A.Nucleic acids are important macromolecules unique to organisms, and are the basic components of all biological cells.
B.Nucleic acids are divided into two major types: deoxyribonucleic acid and ribonucleic acid, which are connected by phosphate bonds at the 3 and 5 positions of nucleotides.
C.The nucleic acid is a mixture of nucleotides, nucleosides, and bases
D.The nucleic acid is a substance that dominates major life phenomena of an organism

c
Administrative system: refers to the compulsory punishment measures imposed by the state administrative organs on administrative offenders in accordance with their administrative responsibilities.
Which of the following are not part of the administrative system?
A.A staff member of a national administrative agency caused a certain loss due to work errors, and the unit gave a penalty.
B.A man was drunk while driving and was fined 200 yuan
C.A girl under the age of 14 was repeatedly instructed by thieves
D.A city management staff forced a hawker in a messy booth to the city management brigade for a day under house arrest.

c
Public service: refers to the general name of the service industry in which the public sector and the quasi-public sector provide public goods in order to meet the public needs of the society.It is mainly produced by the public sector, mainly government agencies, for the common consumption of all citizens in society Social services enjoyed equally by all consumers.
Which of the following are not public services?
A.The government provides basic medical insurance to citizens
B.Colleges and universities open stadiums to the public for free
C.A city costs to build a golf course
D.A city invested to rectify the blocked river

d
Government social management refers to the organized activities of the government in the management of social affairs in accordance with the law in order to promote public interests by integrating social resources and mobilizing social forces.
Which of the following belongs to government social management?
A.The government provides minimum living security for low-income people, and levies personal income tax on high-income people
B.Government's decision to close cement plants with severe air pollution
C.A school organizes volunteer activities to help orphans
D.An administrative department organizes experts to formulate product quality standards

b
Social welfare: refers to the improvement of people's living conditions and the quality of life through social mutual assistance.
Which of the following are social benefits?
A.A sick person is very expensive to be hospitalized, a good friend sends 500 yuan in cash
B.Someone has been laid off for two years and started receiving unemployment insurance benefits
c.A government agency issues valuable shopping vouchers to its staff
D.Someone participates in a company's raffle and gets a chance to travel to Hainan

c
Inertia thinking: refers to the prior ideas or tendencies of thinking that lead judgment and thinking into a certain direction.
Which of the following does not belong to inertia thinking?
A.Judging human behavior from an authoritative point of view
B.Someone considers himself experienced and likes to do things based on experience
C.Although some people's opinions on work are opposed, he still does not give up the opportunity to persuade others
D.Someone makes decisions based on their own feelings of repeated success

d
Career development: refers to the process of promoting qualified employees in an organization from a lower-level position to a higher-level position when some of the more important positions in the organization need to recruit people.
Which of the following are not part of career development?
A.The post of Deputy Chief of the Regulations Division is vacant, and the Chief of the Regulations Section 1 is a candidate for promotion
B.The post of Chief of the Finance Division is vacant and a Chief Staff member of the Division is promoted to fill
C.The Finance Division lacks a hosted accountant and promotes the role of an accountant in the Division
D.A unit lacks a small car driver and plans to arrange a temporary cleaner to learn to drive

d
Individual tendency: It refers to the sum of the psychological tendency shown in the process of interaction between people and objective reality.It determines the selectivity of people's psychological activities, different attitudes towards things, and various behavior patterns.
Which of the following are not individual preferences?
A.Jia is sometimes not decisive in doing things
B.Gao loves fashion design
C.Diao Mouxiang believes that being a man should be good for others, and good people have good rewards.
D.Lianmou often pays attention to various sports information

c
Gift contract: A contract in which the donor gives his property to the recipient free of charge, and the recipient indicates that the gift is accepted.
In the following cases, which of the following is not a gift contract?
A.In order to encourage his nephew Wang Jun to study hard, Wang promised to give Wang Jun a computer and a camera, but give the computer first, and then give the camera when the final grade is good
B.At a large-scale disaster relief charity event hosted by a civil affairs department, a company announced in public that it would donate 1 million yuan to a disaster relief fund established by the civil affairs department.
C.A sees B's financial difficulties and gives 500 yuan to B.B doesn't want to.A is not in the drawer of B while B is not in.
D.Company A decided to donate two computers to a Hope Elementary School.

d
Criminal group: It refers to a relatively fixed criminal organization formed by three or more people to jointly commit a crime.
Which of the following belong to criminal groups?
A.Jia and Zhang conspired to hurt Li, and then jointly carried out harm to Li
B.Tian was in revenge on Jiang, and invited three friends to beat Jiang seriously.
C.Gao and Xiangmou and other 10 people often burn incense and worship Buddha and engage in some superstitious activities
D.Sun collected 5 people such as Li to form a "Tianlonghui".He repeatedly carried out the robbery and seized some property.

b
Money laundering: refers to the process of cleaning dirty money and legalizing illegal income, that is, the process of laundering and converting dirty money such as drug crimes, criminal underworld organizations, smuggling crimes and terrorist activities into "legal" property.
Which of the following are not money laundering?
A.A smuggling group repatriates the proceeds of smuggling to a fund account provided by a company
B.A terrorist organization transfers some funds to one of its sub-organizations
C.A drug criminal group invests the proceeds of smuggled drugs in legal trade
D.A company assists a triad organization to remit funds to its overseas head office

a
An iron and steel company will commend three model workers on May Day.The candidates selected by the six branches are Wang of the first company, Qian of the second company, Zhu of the third company, Wu of the fourth company, Lu of the fifth company, six Company Qi Mou.The company decided to choose one from one of three companies; one from two or five companies; and two candidates from three or five companies could not be selected at the same time as the candidates from the two companies.
According to the above conditions, if the candidates of the five companies are not selected, Which of the following? Must be selected at the same time.
A.Wang, Qian
B.Qian, Wu
C.Qian, Qi
D.Wang, Qi

a
In order to solve the tragedy of Anbei Road ’s murder, the director of the Municipal Criminal Investigation Bureau decided to invite tenders to solve the case.A.B, C, and D criminal police teams participated in the bidding.Before the results of the bid were announced, the captain of the A police team said: "It is impossible for other police teams Our team is most likely to win the bid."The captain of Interpol B said:" The Interpol team that wins the bid must be among us and Interpol C."The captain of Interpol C said:" The Interpol team that won the bid was either Interpol A or our team."Ding Interpol captain said:" If only one of the four Interpol teams wins the bid, it is our Ding Interpol team! "After the successful bidding unit was announced, only one of the four Interpol captains' judgments was true.
Based on the above information, Which of the following? Are least likely to be true?
A.The Captain of the Interpol Team was judged correctly and the Interpol Team won the bid
B.The captain of Interpol B was right, and Interpol B won the bid
C.A.B.The captains of the two Interpol teams are wrong.
D.Ding Interpol Captain's Mistakes

a
In the past 10 years, the number of criminal cases in Area A has increased by 200%, but the number of criminal cases in Area B has increased by 500%.Therefore, the number of criminal cases in Area B is now higher than that in Area A.More cases were reported.
If the following? Terms are true, they can weaken the above proposition most.
A.Ten years ago, the number of criminal cases in Area A accounted for A.90% of the cases in Area B and Area B, and only 2%.
B.Ten years ago, the number of criminal cases in Area B was 50% of the number of criminal cases in Area A.
C.In the past 5 years, the number of cases in Area A has increased by 50%.
D.The number of criminal cases in Area A is higher now than it was 10 years ago

d
Most high-priced sweaters are of good quality, and a few low-priced sweaters are of good quality.All good-quality sweaters are comfortable to wear.
According to the above proposition, which of the following can be inferred?
A.The price is completely proportional to the quality of the sweater
B.Compared to cheap sweaters, higher-priced sweaters tend to be more comfortable to wear
C.Sweaters that are comfortable to wear are expensive
D.Sweaters that are comfortable to wear are not all good quality sweaters

c
The service tenet of a daily necessities mall is: "To provide you with quality services and build your beautiful home."
The above points can be strengthened in addition to the following?
A.Creating a beautiful home is inseparable from daily necessities
B.People want to build a beautiful home
C.Creating a beautiful home requires many factors
D.Quality services help build a better home

b
In recent years, due to climate change, the Sichuan region has become increasingly hot, leading to an increase in demand for air conditioners.Therefore, it is estimated that the price of air conditioners in Sichuan will increase significantly.
If the following items are true, they can weaken the above discussion.
A.The price of air conditioners in Sichuan was lower last year
B.The output of air conditioners this year has increased significantly compared to last year
C.Climate warming is not as severe as experts estimate
D.Sichuan's climate may not be as hot as last year

d
One company advertised: "Half of the cameras produced by our company since 1995 are still in use, while other companies have asked for cameras produced at the same time, and two-thirds of them are currently unusable." The ads show consumers that the company's cameras are extremely durable.
Which of the following items are true and best support the above-mentioned advertising point of view.
A.Since 1995, the production of other companies' cameras has increased significantly
B.The price of the camera currently produced by the company is only slightly higher than that produced in 1995
c.The person who bought the company's camera usually maintains it well
D.Consumers who buy cameras from this company use cameras more often than consumers who buy cameras from other companies

a
Last year, 5% of the total budget of a city's scientific research funds was devoted to social sciences.This year, a city's economy has developed better than last year, but its scientific research funding has decreased.The reason for this is not so much It is economic pressure, it is better to say that the social concept is backward.
Which of the following? Are the assumptions on which the above conclusions are based.
A.The total budget for scientific research funding this year is slightly higher than last year
B.Social science has the same value as physics and biology
C.Current funding cuts will disrupt research in social disciplines
D.Research funding allocated to the social disciplines is insufficient to complete the necessary work

d
Justifiable defense: It is a method of causing certain damage to the actor who is committing unlawful infringement to prevent the public interest, the personal and other rights of others or others from being violated.
Based on this judgment, which of the following acts is not a legitimate defense?
A.At the bazaar, Zhang San and Li Si clash due to trivia.Zhang San used his arms to beat Li Si, and Li Si accidentally injured Zhang San.
B.Li Ming came home from work and saw a thief stealing a bicycle from a neighbor's house.The thief wanted to run away, and Li Ming accidentally injured him with a scuffle.
C.A young woman walking on the road late at night suffered violence from three young men and caused multiple injuries to her.The woman was hit with a fruit knife carried by her to poke the young man's carotid artery, causing her to lose too much blood and die.
D.A thief entered the house to steal and was found by the owner.The owner of the house immediately picked up a stick and other equipment to hit the thief.After the thief returned his hand, he accidentally beat the host seriously.

c
Consumer supervision: refers to the right of consumers to supervise goods and services and protect consumer rights.
According to the above definition, which of the following is actions that make consumers' supervision right?
A.Xiao Zhao buys fake and shoddy goods in the store to get compensation
B.A roast chicken restaurant beats the opponent and claims to the consumer that the supply of the opponent is unqualified
C.Xiao Zhang found a hidden danger in the elevator of a shopping mall and immediately reported it to the relevant department
D.Pharaoh bought the spoiled food in a store and immediately went back to request a return

b
Post-traumatic stress disorder: It is an ongoing effect of extreme disaster, that is, the idea of continuous, unnecessary, uncontrollable unrelated events after trauma, a strong desire to avoid mentioning events, sleep disorders, society Withdrawal and anxiety disorders with strong alertness.
Which of the following are not post-traumatic stress disorders?
A.Many American soldiers returning from the Iraqi battlefield suffer from insomnia, anxiety and even severe mental illness
B.Yang Yang was bitten by a dog at the neighbor Aunt Zhang's house when she was young, and never wanted to go to their house again.
C.Xiao Zhang was trapped in the elevator for more than five hours.At that time, he felt that he was not saved.In the end, he actually turned the risk, but since then, Zhang has often dreamed of being trapped in the elevator, and will never dare to take the elevator again
D.Seeing the scene where his son A Mao was taken away by a wild beast, the unsettled Xianglin ran away and said, "I'm so stupid, really, I just know that when it snows, the wild beasts eat nothing in the mountains.Come to the village, I don't know that there will be spring ..."

c
Insomnia: Difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep, fatigue after waking up, loss of energy, appearing at least three times a week for more than one month
Which of the following situations best describes insomnia?
A.Xiao Wang has been sleepwalked several times in the past two months
B.Lao Zhang only slept for three hours a day in recent years
C.Miss Zhang woke up almost every night for five weeks and lost her energy during the day
D.Mr.Liu cannot sleep all night on business trips

d
Perceptual constancy: The perceptual system can maintain a stable understanding of objective things within a certain range, and does not change with changes in perceptual conditions or sensory image patterns.
Is the following perceptual constancy?
A.The 5-year-old obviously took the plane for the first time, and the people who saw the ground in the air were as small as ants, which was strange."How did people become so small?"
B.The same water, poured from the big cup into the small cup, obviously feels that the water has become more
C.I was confused when I saw the trees running on both sides of the road
D.Mom changed her clothes today and her hair was dyed, but she still recognized her at a glance

c
The act of disposing of property: refers to an act that directly results in the transfer or elimination of property rights.The result of the act of disposing of property is the transfer of rights, the reduction or change of the content of rights, the burden on rights, and the elimination of rights.
According to the above definitions, which of the following acts are not property disposal acts?
A.In order to guarantee a debt, Company A mortgaged all its own properties.The mortgage behavior restricted Company A's ownership of the property.
B.B abandons his own TV set, and the abandoning behavior destroys B's ownership of the TV set
C.C entered into a contract with D to sell C's heirloom ancient paintings, and agreed that C should deliver the ancient paintings after 7 days, and the contract act made C bear the obligation to transfer the ownership of the ancient paintings after 7 days
D.D forgive C's pecuniary debt, and the forgiveness makes C need not perform his obligation to repay the money

d
Weight: refers to the size of the earth ’s attractiveness to nearby objects, and the same object has different attractiveness at different locations on the earth.
Which of the following statements does not fit the definition of weight?
A.The weight of the same object at the same location on the ground and 1000 meters above the sky is different
B.The same object has different weights at the North Pole and the Equator
C.The same object has different weights at two locations at the same altitude
D.The same object has the same weight at two locations at the same distance from the center of the earth

d
Accepting bribes: State officials, workers of collective economic organizations, or other personnel engaged in public affairs, taking advantage of their positions, soliciting or illegally receiving the property of others, and seeking benefits for others,
According to the above definition, which of the following behaviors is bribery?
A.A is the finance director of a factory.When reimbursing B, he will be reimbursed 2,000 yuan more.Afterward, he will be split equally with B.The two will receive 1,000 yuan each.
B.Wei (female) was reviewed by the public security organs for the theft of a gold shop.Jia was in charge of trying this case.Wei wanted to get Jia to help her, that is, he promised himself.Later, Jia facilitated using his power to try to make Wei Someone evaded legal sanctions
C.Liu wanted to resell the color TV, so the trustee found Wang, who is in charge of the color TV wholesale of the TV factory, and sent him 10,000 yuan.He hoped that Li would sell him 100 color TVs at the wholesale price, and Wang gave it to him after receiving the money.leadership
D.Wang is in charge of sharing a house in a certain unit.In order to share a house for his son who works in the unit, Li gave Wang a generous gift of 5,000 yuan.After Wang got the money, he gave the son to Jia.house

a
Personal partnership: Refers to two or more citizens who provide funds, in-kind, technology, etc., in partnership, and work together according to the agreement.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following way belongs to individual partnerships?
A.Zhao and Qian have an oral agreement to rent a front-floor house in a downtown area to run a clothing store partnership.Soon, the owner, Sun, agreed to add 20,000 yuan to the front-end house to join the partnership.%
B.Wang and Sun both sell boxed lunches in the same market.Later, a company requested that boxed lunches be delivered regularly every day.Due to a large number of people, each person could not take orders independently.Half the total number of lunches, half the income
C.Chen needs a studio to create, but suffers from economic constraints, and can only paint on the street.A passer-by, Zhang fancied Chen's painter, intending to borrow Chen ’s idle house for his studio.Pay for his work after selling
D.Liu and Zhu are the closest partners.Liu wants to run a beer business, but suffers from a lack of funds.Zhu generously lends 50,000 yuan to Liu, and Liu said that 50,000 yuan will be included in the company's shares.By the end of the year, Dividends are distributed to Zhu as a share, but if the company loses, Zhu does not bear any risk and is entirely borne by Liu.Zhu has no idea whether he can do anything.

c
Administrative license: refers to an administrative act in which an administrative subject grants the qualification or right to engage in certain matters or activities according to the application of the administrative counterpart.
According to the above definition, which of the following is acts that belong to administrative permission?
A.Registration
B.Product quality certification
C.Issuing business license
D.Award of honor

a
In the process of ammonia synthesis, the reaction rate is slow when no catalyst is added.After adding iron as a catalyst, the reaction rate is accelerated, but the chemical properties of iron have not changed.
Based on this, you can judge the following correct options?
A.Catalyst iron accelerates ammonia synthesis without changing its chemical properties
B.Catalysts can accelerate the rate of chemical reactions
C.The intermediate process of ammonia synthesis has no effect on the properties of iron
D.All chemical reactions require the participation of a catalyst

c
The early universe contained only the lightest elements, hydrogen and nitrogen.Heavier elements, such as carbon, only formed in the astral nuclear reactions and were emitted when the stars exploded.The carbon found in a layer of recently discovered nebulae is billions Formed years ago when the universe was less than two billion years old.
Can we know from this?
A.Gas clouds contain hydrogen and nitrogen
B.The earliest stars contained the only hydrogen
C.Stars formed before the universe was two billion years old
D.The carbon in the gas cloud later became part of the star

a
Narrow mental education refers to the cultivation of good temperament, while broader mental education refers to the improvement of personality, including the cultivation of temperament, as well as the cultivation of a noble sense of morality.Although China's current school education attaches more importance to moral education, it lacks sufficient attention to student mental health.Many children, despite their strong sense of morality, are very immature and often cannot accept their real selves.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Moral education cannot replace mind education
B.The more mature the person, the weaker the moral sense
C.Moral education does not help improve the personality of students
D.China's current school education has no mental education content

c
In order to verify the effectiveness of a new drug for treating hypertension, clinicians used the drug for 100 patients with hypertension.Blood pressure did drop in 65 people.Therefore, the pharmaceutical factory claims that the drug is indeed effective.
which of the following can weaken the above conclusions most?
A.The blood pressure measurement time during medication is not fixed, and the blood pressure of patients with hypertension originally fluctuates during the day.
B.Take a pill that is consistent with the appearance of the drug, but contains no drug ingredients, for patients with hypertension, and the blood pressure of the patient does not drop.
C.Give the drug to a group of 100 patients with hypertension, and another group of 100 patients with hypertension who take the same shape but do not contain a drug component.The number of blood pressure drops in the former group is as large as in the latter group.
D.The doctor used the drug on 1,000 hypertensive patients, and only 500 of them had blood pressure drops

d
There are reports that heroin addicts will eventually try to quit, mainly due to the following two reasons: maintaining drug costs and fear of being arrested.If heroin is legalized and can be obtained cheaply, then both of these reasons Not applicable anymore.
Can it be inferred from this?
A.After legalizing heroin, its price will definitely fall
B.Making drug users more accessible to detox treatment will increase their confidence in detoxifying
C.Mitigating criminal penalties for drug users does not increase the emergence of new drug users
D.If heroin can be legalized and bought cheaply, drug users are unlikely to try to overcome drug addiction

c
American economist Malthus proposed: "The trend of population growth is always faster than the growth of production.If there is no control, the population will always grow in geometric progression, and the means of living can only increase in arithmetic progression.When the limits of survival can be maintained, hunger, war and disease occur."
Can this be launched?
A.As long as the population is effectively controlled, hunger, war and disease can be fundamentally avoided
B.Population growth is the direct cause of all wars and diseases
C.Uncoordinated population growth and production growth will lead to follow-up problems such as war
D.Humanity can never avoid hunger, war and disease because population growth is inevitable

b
Economists point out that any economically efficient country can create wealth.Such a country can maintain political stability only when the wealth is evenly distributed, and the average wealth distribution will eliminate the risk, which is an essential prerequisite for economic operation.
Which of the following conclusions is correct? ?
A.No country can maintain both political stability and huge wealth indefinitely
B.No country can maintain both economic efficiency and political stability indefinitely
C.Increased economic efficiency stimulates the emergence of risks, which in turn promotes economic efficiency
D.As long as countries that can evenly distribute wealth can maintain political stability indefinitely

a
In the future, the outer sheath of cables under deep seawater will be made of glass, not special steel or aluminum alloy.Because metal has a granular microstructure, under deep-sea pressure, the metal sheath at the particle boundary is easy to break.And glass Although it looks solid, it flows under pressure and can,, therefore,, be considered a liquid.
Can it be launched from this?
A.All so-called solids can be considered as slow-flowing liquids
B.Glass is more suitable as a building material than steel or aluminum alloy
C.Liquid has no granular microstructure
D.In future deep-sea operations, FRP will replace metals and play a greater role

b
Xiao Wu and Xiao Li chose the same 5 courses, but they only got the same grades in history.The grades of each course ranged from 60 to 100.
So according to which of the following statements, can you judge that the average score of these 5 courses is higher than Xiao Li?
A.Xiao Wu ’s lowest score is in history, and Li ’s lowest score is in math.
B.Xiao Wu ’s lowest score is the same as Xiao Li ’s highest score
C.Xiao Wu scores higher than Xiao Li in 3 courses
D.Xiao Wu ’s highest score is higher than Xiao Li ’s highest score

b
Scientific and technological strength: refers to the ability of a country to use various scientific and technological resources at the national and global levels in order to pursue and achieve development strategic goals.It includes scientific innovation ability, technological innovation ability, ability to use new technologies, and use of global information The ability and ability to invest in research and development, the scientific and technological strength of a country, and the ability to acquire, utilize and allocate various types of scientific and technological resources for the country are concentratedly reflected.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the scientific and technological strength of a country?
A.Is technology at the advanced level of similar technology in the world?
B.Overall strength in the world technology competition
C.The "absolute strength" of the country's science and technology
D.The "static strength" of the country's science and technology

b
Legal documents: refers to documents produced by legal institutions in accordance with the law, which bears legal functions in their legal activities and has legal significance and legal effect.
Which of the following are legal instruments?
A.Zhang's will on the division of property after death
B.Court ruling on freezing of Li's bank account
C.Procuratorate's announcement on adjusting commute time
D.Ten injunctions of the Public Security Bureau to regulate the behavior of police officers

d
Benchmarking management: constantly searching for and researching the best practices of peer first-class companies, using this as a benchmark to compare, analyze, and judge with this enterprise, so as to continuously improve their own companies, and enter a virtuous cycle of catching up with first-class companies to create outstanding performance Its core is to learn from the best companies in the industry or outside the industry.
According to the above definition, which of the following is benchmarking management?
A.Two giant companies in the air-conditioning industry jointly invest in joint research and development of a new generation of eco-friendly air-conditioning
B.An insurance company links the year-end performance gap between the company and the best company in the industry to the year-end award of employees
C.A company introduced the company's advanced business philosophy of "creating talents before producing products" to the company
D.A company studies the strengths and weaknesses of rival companies, improves its own production processes, and enhances its market competitiveness

a
Non-economic compensation: Non-economic compensation refers to the compensation that employees receive from their own work.Employees are praised, promoted, and valued for their hard work, resulting in a sense of work honor, achievement, responsibility, and social respect and professionalism Development opportunities.
Which of the following are not non-economic pay?
A.Organize some employees to travel abroad before the Spring Festival
B.Excellent monthly employees get one extra annual leave
C.The unit issued a certificate of merit to the outstanding employees at the end of the year
D.Post photos of employees with outstanding performance in the Hall of Fame

c
The role of cultural decoration: refers to the phenomenon that people will come up with various reasons to forgive themselves or justify their failure after frustration.
Which of the following phenomena that do not fall into this category is: ()
A.Xiao Xiao complains of bad traffic because he is often late for work
B.Xiao Zhang did not comment on the professor, he thinks it is because he did not follow the relationship
C.Mr.Zhang loses face because of the scandal
D.Due to late parents' questioning, Xiaohong tweeted that she accompanied her classmates to the hospital

b
Cultural shock: refers to the process of accepting assimilation in a dominant ethnic group or individual in a dominant culture.Due to the huge difference between the new culture and the mother culture, people face the pressure of making major adjustments and adaptations, which is prone to confusion, tension and anxiety, Overly sensitive, emotionally unstable, negative experiences such as "homesickness", and often accompanied by psychosomatic disorders.
Which of the following are a cultural shock ()
A.The company sent Xiao Zhang to study abroad for one year.When he returned to China, when he encountered setbacks in his life and work, he remembered the benefits and convenience of foreign countries.He had negative emotions in his heart and became depressed and depressed.
B.A scholar finds that most female Turkish immigrants have tension.The reasons are in addition to illness, occupation, and crowded residence.They have separated from their long-term husband and wife, cultural level and religious beliefs, values, lifestyles conflict with the local cultural life environment, language.Obstacles and other factors
C.In the past few years, a white American had shot and killed several ethnic minorities in Pittsburgh.He is known as an attorney in an immigration office, handling immigration matters for many foreigners on the one hand, and extremely fearing and hating these foreigners people
D.Xiao Zhao resolutely chose to go to the northwest border to teach after disregarding his family's obstacles after graduating.Due to the unsuitability of the environment, a severe altitude sickness soon appeared and he regretted his choice

d
Imitation reflex: when a person sees someone else complete an action, the corresponding neurons in the person's brain will be excited, and the human brain has an action template based on the individual's own model, so the brain will automatically imitate this action to help get Know the goal of the action, so that it understands the intention of the subject.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not imitation reflections: ()
A.Yawning Y, A in the same room is also yawning
B.A sees someone reaching for the bookshelf, and guesses that this person wants to get a book
C.In the basketball game, A observes the movement of B, and then knows which teammate B will pass to.
D.A child was scared to cry by an adult's intimidation

b
Negative reinforcement: refers to the occurrence of a behavior, with which the stimulus is removed or the intensity of the stimulus decreases, leading to an increase in the behavior,
Which of the following are negative reinforcements: ()
A.A woman who is driving in the rain is holding an umbrella
B.Salsa snores at the table, and her mother immediately looks at her angrily
C.Qin Qin listened carefully during the class, the teacher praised her, Qin Qin listened more carefully
D.Bicycles are paid on a piece-by-piece basis, and workers assemble more bicycles per day

c
Market dominance: refers to the market position of the operator in the relevant market that can control the price, quantity or other trading conditions of the commodity, or that can hinder and affect the ability of other operators to enter the relevant market.
Which of the following statement is correct: ()
A.There is only one tofu shop in a village.The tofu shop can determine the price of tofu by itself, because it can be considered that the tofu shop has a dominant market position.
B.There are five home appliance companies in a city with similar strengths.These companies are powerful and it is difficult for other peers to enter the city's market.Therefore, it can be considered that each home appliance company in the city has a dominant market position.
C.A telecommunications company has the vast majority of the domestic market share, and consumers have to accept that the price charged by their telecommunications business is expensive, so it can be considered that the telecommunications company has a dominant market position in China
D.A furniture mall is well-known in a city, many citizens are willing to go to the furniture mall to buy furniture, and other furniture malls are relatively deserted, so it can be considered that the furniture mall has a dominant market position in the city

b
In recent years, the demand for biofuels has increased rapidly, and global ethanol production has tripled between 2000 and 2007, and its output will double again by 2017, and biodiesel production will more than double within 10 years.It is produced by grain, sugar and oil crops such as corn, so the expansion of its output will inevitably lead to a surge in the price of related crops.
If the above view is correct, may it be rolled out?
A.Rising agricultural product prices will lead to lower biofuel production
B.If the price of agricultural products falls, then biofuel production has not increased
C.If the production of biofuels declines, then the price of agricultural products will increase
D.Increased production of biofuels such as ethanol is affected by low agricultural prices

a
Over the past 1,000 years, the magnitude of climate change in the Yangtze River Basin is smaller than that in the Yellow River Basin, and the rainfall recovery capacity is stronger than that in the North.Each time a severe cold strikes, the North suffers far more damage than the South, so China's economic center has moved from North to South.
which of the following can best refute this statement?
A.The natural environment is not a major factor in economic development
B.Not the higher the latitude, the greater the magnitude of climate change
C.The North does not experience severe winters every year
D.Rainfall in the Yangtze River Basin is not always greater than in the Yellow River Basin

c
When ozone reaches a certain concentration, it will cause serious harm to the human body.When people inhale ozone, ozone will cause a burning sensation in the respiratory tract due to its strong oxidation effect, causing congestion or inflammation of the respiratory system, children, the elderly and people suffering from People with respiratory illnesses are particularly affected by ozone.Experts estimate that in Europe, ozone pollution has increased the death rate of Europeans by 2% to 12%.
Can we infer from this?
A.Ozone pollution is currently the worst in Europe
B.Low concentrations of ozone are not harmful to the human body
C.The strong oxidizing effect of ozone is why it is harmful to people
D.People with respiratory diseases are most sensitive to ozone pollution

d
In the current notebook computer market, there are a large number of cheap "parallel imports" that enter the market through informal channels, that is, products that are not allowed to be sold in mainland China in accordance with manufacturer policies.A large number of "parallel imports" have impacted the sales of products informal channels.Analysts believe that the main reason for this phenomenon is that the price advantage of parallel imports is too large.
Which of the following is a prerequisite that this analyst must imply in his analysis?
A.Market supervision departments have not cracked down on parallel imports
B.Many consumers cannot afford the prices of formal channel products
C.The manufacturer's sales policy is unreasonable, leaving room for parallel imports
D.Compared with products from regular channels, "parallel imports" are more cost-effective

b
Recently, we surveyed the insurers of insurance companies, and the results show that those with better working conditions have 25% higher performance than those with poor performance.The objective criteria for evaluating performance include workload and complexity This suggests that improving the artificial environment will increase their labor productivity.
So, which of the following is the most unlikely of the following?
A.Workers with improved productivity do not work more hours than their less productive colleagues
B.Normally, rewarding high-productivity workers with a pleasant working environment
C.The unpleasant environment reduces the work intensity of the worker compared to the pleasant working environment
D.On average, workers with low labor productivity spend less time on the job than colleagues with high productivity

c
If someone was born in the 1960s, then he must have read Chairman Mao's quotes.Li Tong has read Chairman Mao's quotes
then?
A.Li Tongding was born in the 1960s
B.Li Tong could not be born in the 1970s
C.Li Tong may have been born in the 1990s
D.Li Tong may be born at any age

d
By the time Beckett won the Nobel Prize, the 1960s was nearing completion.His life was either waiting or being waited for.As the author of Waiting for Godot, although he did not attend the Nobel Prize awarding ceremony, However, he did not decline the bonus, otherwise he would become Sartre.
Based on this text, can it be launched?
A.Sartre did not appear at the awards ceremony
B.Sartre wins Nobel Prize in the 1960s
C.Waiting for Godot Writing and the 1960s
D.Beckett wins Nobel Prize for Waiting for Godot

b
Because the time value of the same real estate is different, the valuation is usually only an estimate of the value of the evaluation object at a specific time.This time is called the valuation time point.
According to this text, what must be wrong in the following statements?
A.According to different valuation purposes, the valuation point can be in the past
B.The valuation time is the specific time when the valuation operation starts in advance
C.Real estate projects to be demolished will receive different compensation due to different time points of valuation
D.When predicting the price of a real estate project after completion, the valuation point is in the future

b
The chemical substance X is dissolved in water to become a solution.When the temperature of the solution increases, the chemical activity of X increases; when the X solution is mixed with the solution of the chemical substance Y, the temperature of the mixed solution is increased, and the chemical activity of Y is enhanced and the activity of X Invariant, when the Y solution is heated alone, the activity of Y remains unchanged.
Can we know from this?
A.Temperature change has no effect on X activity
B.When X and Y are mixed, they show different activities than when they are studied alone
C.Changes in temperature affect Y more than X
D.When mixed with X, Y exhibits the same response as when studied alone

b
Task-oriented leadership: Leadership that focuses on accomplishing organizational performance, that is, the tasks are clearly defined, the organization is organized, the tasks are delegated with clear responsibilities, and authority and rewards are used to monitor and promote the achievement of performance goals.
Which of the following are task-oriented leaders:
A.In the middle of a college, Lin chose the old classmate Xiao Wang when he was in charge of setting up a new department.In his opinion, although Xiao Wang has limited abilities, he is practical and easy to unite with other comrades.
B.The leader of a company always requires employees to have a hardship.In order to complete work tasks, employees are often arranged to work overtime.
C.A leader is very concerned about his subordinates and often helps them solve work and life difficulties.
D.A leader assigns tasks to subordinates and then accepts them when they are completed.Usually, they never ask subordinates how to complete the task and how much.

a
Transverse science: It is to extract a specific common aspect as the research object from the many physical structures and movement forms of the objective world.
Which of the following are transversal sciences:
A.Cybernetics
B.Biomedical Engineering
C.computer science
D.Space science

d
Urbanization: refers to a historical process in which the rural population is transformed into the urban population, and production methods and lifestyles are transformed from rural to urban.
Which of the following are not elements of the urbanization process:
A.The intensive management of land in a township has turned villagers into agricultural workers.
B.Villagers in a certain village lived in buildings because of their wealth, and many families bought cars.
C.A villager turned to the government for a street office, and the peasants and farmers were transferred to non-residents.Villagers who had not reached the retirement age were also arranged for work.
D.Villagers in a certain village live in poverty and have nothing to do at night, so they go to bed early.

d
Divergent thinking: It refers to an unfolding thinking activity that seeks diverse answers from multiple aspects according to the existing information, different thinking from different perspectives.
Which of the following are divergent thinking:
A.What will happen to the world if humans lose their association.
B.Among multiple solutions, identify one.
C.Infer a conclusion from multiple premises.
D.According to the conditions given by the question, solve the written application question.

a
Gambling: Refers to the act of making a profit for the purpose of betting on the property rather than winning or losing, and illegally transferring property ownership.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are gambling items:
A.Company A and the fans have agreed: If the Brazilian winning company loses 1 million fans, if the Brazilian loses, the fans lose 1 million.
B.Public security organs offer rewards: Citizens who have arrested criminal suspects who trafficked in children will receive a reward of 50,000 yuan.
C.Both parties A and B agree in the contract that Party B will be awarded 1 million yuan for completing the project on time, and 40,000 yuan of lost work fee will be paid every day for delayed completion.
D.The seller and the buyer agree: If the painting is a fake, the seller will pay 10 times the price.

c
Enforcement in criminal litigation: Refers to various activities conducted by the people's court to deliver legally effective judgments and rulings to the enforcement agency, having implemented its determined content, and handling litigation issues in litigation.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are consistent with enforcement in criminal proceedings:
A.Prison asked Zhang to reduce his sentence by two years.
B.Prison B has filed a lawsuit against Lee's prison escape crime.
C.Prison C accepts a group of criminal offenders sentenced by City Court A and conducts prison education.
D.The Dingxian court collected a fine of 50,000 yuan against the criminal Wang.

a
Administrative efficiency: refers to the ratio between the amount of work invested in administrative management and the administrative effects obtained.It is the social effect that people carry out administrative activities in unit time and space to transform the objective world and the subjective world.
Which of the following do not reflect the level of administrative efficiency:
A.During the SARS period, the Harbin Municipal Government strictly controlled various large-scale rallies, and communicated information and arranged work through interactive video conferences.
B.A Hong Kong company has invested in setting up an enterprise in a certain province, and it took half a year to run the review and approval process.
C.The central government has formulated policies to reduce the burden on farmers and increase their income, which is generally welcomed by farmers.
D.Rodent harms the Xiangjiang River flood protection dyke, but the relevant local authorities "have no funding for rodent prevention, and need to report and approve it", making the issue unresolved.

c
Scientific research shows that the negative impact of wetting on children will increase with age, and the misconception that "wetting is a trivial matter and it is good to grow up" has led to the long-term unwitting of children's wetting of the bed and the growth of children Development, mental development and physical and mental health have brought serious effects!
Which of the following conclusions can be drawn from the above?
A.Wetting of children is common
B.Wetting of a child is a disease
C.Wetting of a child can have multiple serious consequences
D.Parents believe that the child's bedwetting will disappear as the child grows up

c
During the Spring Festival, the railway system added temporary passenger cars between two cities to supplement these lines.The original trains took 12 hours, and the temporary passenger cars took 1 hour more than the original trains.During the implementation period, the passenger congestion of the original trains has not been alleviated.
Then the most convincing reason is:
A.The ride time of the temporary bus is too long
B.Most people like to take a regular bus trip
C.For a period of time, people did not know the parking stops and operating hours of the new temporary buses.
D.Original train fares are much cheaper than temporary bus fares

d
There are various predictions for the rise and fall of each stock, but today no critics can accurately predict the rise and fall of each stock.
Based on the above information, it can be inferred that:
A.All stock reviews are poor
B.Failure to accurately predict all stock market conditions
C.All stocks are mysterious and elusive
D.There are too many uncertain factors affecting stocks' ups and downs, and stock predictions are difficult

a
In a science and technology invention competition, an ashtray with an ashtray that would emit a heavy cough like advanced lung cancer patients won the creative award.After the competition, a manufacturer bought out the idea and pushed the product further.Market, but sales are not ideal.
Based on the above information, the reasons for poor sales can be explained most reasonably and fully:
A.The price of this new type ashtray is 50 yuan more expensive than ordinary ashtrays, and many consumers find it worthless
B.Many smokers feel that this ashtray can serve as a wake-up call
C.Many manufacturers have chosen this idea to develop and produce after the technological invention contest, and at the same time bring their products to the market
D.A manufacturer introduced a new type of lighter during the same period, attracting many consumers

d
Observing successful entrepreneurs, he either has strong professional knowledge and professional ability, or he has worked hard for a long time.
Then:
A.Chairman Wen has a 50% chance of becoming an entrepreneur.
B.Chairman Wen cannot be a successful entrepreneur
C.Chairman Wen must be a successful entrepreneur
D.Chairman Wen may become a successful entrepreneur

c
In a theft criminal case, the police arrested four suspects A.B, C, and D and questioned them.They said this: A: It was the case of B.B: It was D and I.Case C: D is the criminal.D: Not my case.Only one of the four sentences is a lie.
If the above is true, then the following?
A.It is A who is telling the lie, and C who is the perpetrator.
B.It is C who tells the lie and B commits the crime
C.It was D who spoke the lie, and B and D who committed the crime
D.B is the one who tells the lie, and B is the one who committed the crime

a
Supervising government services with the power of citizens can not only establish the image of government services, enhance the level of civilization, but also allow ordinary people to truly understand the connotation of civilization.
If the above judgment is true, which of the following judgments is also true?
A.Utilizing the power of citizens to monitor government services is beneficial to both governments and citizens
B.Using the power of citizens to supervise government services harms the government and the results are not good
C.Using citizens' power to supervise government services makes citizens exhaust themselves, with poor results
D.Using the power of citizens to monitor government services is difficult to achieve the intended goals and has no effect

d
The course of history is the backward wave pushing the front wave.No one will always stand on the cusp of the wind.There will be Napoleon defeating Waterloo and many famous reform figures.
The conclusions that cannot be derived from the above are:
A.It is normal that no one can stand on the cusp forever
B.It is normal for many well-known reform figures to become silent
C.The course of history will eliminate characters like Napoleon
D.It is extremely unusual for many famous figures to disappear on the stage of reform

d
Often people tend to agree to a smaller request of someone and then agree to another larger request based on this.Conversely, if someone makes a larger request to others from the beginning, then the probability of his being rejected will increase greatly,
The most likely implicit premise for this phenomenon is:
A.People who split the request into two will be more welcome
B.People who are very demanding when they come will be very annoying
C.People think that people who ask for small things are kind, so it ’s okay to agree to another one.
D.Usually smaller requirements are easier for people to do, and people tend to maintain self-consistency

a
Hypothetical judgment is a proposition that the existence of one thing situation is a condition of the existence of another thing situation.Hypothetical reasoning refers to the deductive reasoning that the major premise is hypothetical judgment.
Which of the following are not part of hypothetical reasoning:
A.The test scores are not good, or because the review method is not correct, or because the performance is not good on the spot, Wang Xin's test is not good this time.It is not because the review method is wrong, so it must be poor performance
B.If you want to be a translator, you need to learn a foreign language, but I do n’t want to be a translator, why bother with a foreign language?
C.If there is no special reason, the company generally does not approve the leave of the employees.The company has approved the leave application of the employee display.It seems that there must be a special reason
D.If the sun is shining badly, Li Ming won't go swimming.Today, the sun is very bad.It can be concluded that Li Ming didn't go swimming

b
The border-people-city trade refers to the commodity exchange activities carried out by border people in border areas within 20 kilometers of China's land borders at open points or designated markets approved by the government within a specified amount or quantity.
Among the following items are most likely to belong to the border towns:
A.Xiao Li, who lives in Sichuan, travels to the north and bought some beautiful but not high-value Russian folk art in Russia, which is close to the Sino-Russian border.
B.Hu is a Vietnamese who live in Vietnam in the border area of China and Vietnam.Although his family is not very rich, he walks across the border for 20 minutes every day to buy Chinese food he likes in China.
C.There is always a small amount of trade between the foreign trade companies of the two countries within a border of no more than 20 kilometers between China and Nepal.
D.Chinese industrial products are very popular in Myanmar, and motorcycles produced by a Chinese company are sold throughout Myanmar

c
Fully inductive reasoning: refers to the conclusion that based on the fact that each individual food in a certain type of food has a certain property:
Which of the following belong to complete inductive reasoning:
A.Gold is conductive; silver is conductive; copper is conductive; iron is conductive; aluminum is conductive; tin is conductive; therefore, all metals are conductive
B.Those who corrupt the law are bound to be punished.You have always been corrupt, so today you must be punished by the law and punished by the people.
C.Literature and art have a class character in slave society; literature and art have a class character in feudal society; literature and art have a class character in capitalist society; literature and art have a class character in socialist society; therefore, in class society, literature and art are Classy
D.We found cells in animals and plants, and found nuclei in plant cells.It was deduced that there were also nuclei in animal cells.Later, when observed with a microscope, the nuclei were found in animal cells.

d
Market positioning refers to the creation of a distinctive and impressive image for the company's products based on the position of competitors' existing products in the market and the customer's attention to certain characteristics or attributes of such products.And pass this image vividly to the customers, so that the product determines the appropriate position in the market.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are most in line with market positioning:
A.I plan to develop tourism in a certain place.After inspections abroad, I found that some places have made a lot of money because of the construction of antique streets, so I decided to plan a few antique streets locally and encourage farmers to set up farmhouses.
B.According to its own technical advantages, a company chooses to cooperate with farmers to develop the planting industry and uses wild-like methods to grow wild vegetables.
C.In order for a company to sell its products more widely and sell more, it advertises that the product is suitable for various people.
D.As social competition becomes more and more intense, and young people's work pressure is increasing, many people are willing to play some mindless games that return to nature in their spare time, instead of those time-consuming and energy-consuming games.The website took the opportunity to launch a happy farm game.

b
Public opinion: Refers to a considerable number of individuals, groups or organizations that have a consistent tendency to post in public offices.
Which of the following are public opinion:
A.All the leaders of a company attended the meeting to introduce the company's development prospects to new employees
B.After the collective return flight of pilots of an airline, many passengers think that these pilots are not responsible for the safety of passengers and expressed their unwillingness to fly on the airline's aircraft
C.Li Yong's relatives and friends praise the new house he bought
D.Takayama disagrees with a decision of the company

c
Technical barriers are when importing countries implement trade import controls, by enacting laws, decrees, regulations, regulations, establishing technical standards, certification systems, health inspection and quarantine systems, inspection procedures and packaging, specification labels and standards, etc.Non-tariff barriers for the purpose of increasing the difficulty of imports, and ultimately reaching the goal of restricting imports, protecting national security, protecting the interests of consumers, and maintaining the balance of payments.
Which of the following are technical barriers:
A.The government of country B believes that the price of textiles in country A is too low, which has caused substantial damage to its textile industry, so an anti-dumping investigation is carried out on the textiles of country A.and the export of textiles of country A is restricted.
B.The leather shoes produced in a certain country are banned from importing by the EU because the glue used is found to be seriously unqualified, and the glue used contains a lot of toxic substances
C.On May 29, 2006, Japan formally implemented the "positive list system", increasing the number of imported tea residue testing items from 71 to 276
D.The law of a country prohibits the purchase of foreign goods during government procurement to support the development of the country's industry

b
International responsibility refers to the legal responsibility of the subject of international law for its international misconduct or damage.
Among the following events, international responsibility should be assumed:
A.The insurgent movement in Country A has been recognized by the Government and the international community as a rebel group that forcibly plundered and occupied the property of foreign nationals and foreign countries in some areas under its control
B.A nuclear-powered merchant ship of a shipping company in country A suddenly leaked while berthing in the port of country B, causing the port of country B to be contaminated, causing serious damage
C.Police of country A.desperate because of a broken marriage, one day shooting a passerby with a gun, the police of country A rushed to the scene, took measures to control the situation and besieged cloth, but the shooting of cloth has caused several People died, including a certain
D.Country A ocean-going freighter overturned country B fishing boat during the voyage

c
Political asylum refers to the act of a citizen of a country requesting permission to enter the country for residence, or has entered the country for permission to stay in that country, and a country grants entry to a foreigner requesting political asylum, Residency and legal protection are called "asylum" in international law, asylum seekers, commonly known as political asylum seekers, are not extradited or expelled under the protection of the host country.
Among the following are political asylums:
A.Chen is a Chinese citizen who had a dispute with a friend and killed him with the wrong hand.He was afraid of severe criminal punishment and sneaked into country A.
B.Lee is the president of a commercial bank in China.He has a large amount of corruption and bribery.He obtained a visa before the crime and successfully arrived in Country B.Country B is a country that abolished the death penalty.If Lee is extradited, he may be sentenced to death.Refusal of extradition
C.Prime Minister C, exiled to Ding because of a military coup in his country that caused a sensation in the world, at the cost of a huge investment, was allowed to live in Ding for a long time after application
D.Former President of a country, who purchased real estate in Country A after leaving office, and has stayed in Country A

c
Social assistance refers to a system in which the state provides assistance to members of society who are unable to maintain a minimum standard of living due to natural disasters or other economic and social reasons through the redistribution of national income to ensure their minimum standard of living.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not social assistance:
A.Each of the five guarantee households in rural areas can receive certain support payments from the Ministry of Civil Affairs in accordance with certain standards each year.
B.After the earthquake, the government distributed the necessary food and daily necessities to the people in the disaster area every month
C.China implements nine-year compulsory education, implements compulsory education, does not charge tuition and miscellaneous fees
D.The government set up a rescue station to provide food and food that meet the basic conditions of homeless beggars for help, and provide vouchers for those who return to their place of residence or their units without transportation costs.

d
Crowding out effect: refers to a relatively flat market, due to a new increase in demand due to supply, causing some funds to squeeze out of the original advances and flow into new commodities.
Which of the following are not part of the squeeze effect:
A.Zhang changed his new job, and the place of work was too far away from home, so he took a part of the prepared house purchase money and bought the car first.
B.Lu's parents moved from a place to live with him.The house is too crowded.He took out some of the money he had planned to buy a car and rented a bigger house.
C.Jin's brother was accidentally injured and needed a large number of medical expenses.He took half of his travel expenses for the honeymoon and paid for his medical expenses.
D.Lin expected to decorate a new house with 100,000 yuan, but it cost 10,000 yuan less, so he bought a laptop

d
Xiao Zhu was in good condition on his birthday.He specially invited four good friends, Xiao Wang, Xiao Zhang, Xiao Liu, and Xiao Li, to dinner at home.Xiao Zhu's mother prepared a rich dinner for them.According to local customs, Xiao Zhu ate His mother boiled an egg for him.During the meal, everyone jokingly warned the king with the worst stomach, do n’t eat too much, and be careful with diarrhoea.Every dish on the table was tasted by everyone, Xiao Wang ignored everyone Warning, eats the most.As a result, Xiao Zhu developed symptoms of diarrhoea shortly after meals, but others had no problems.
Of the following items, Zhu Zhu's diarrhoea is best explained:
A.Xiao Zhu's mother did not take good health precautions in the process of cooking.Maybe the dishes were not cleaned, or the raw and cooked foods were not cut separately.
B.Xiao Zhu's stomach is particularly bad today, but he didn't feel it
C.The raw materials used in a dish are likely to be off-season dishes or genetically modified foods.Excessive consumption may cause diarrhoea
D.There are dishes on the table that cannot be eaten with eggs, otherwise, it will cause diarrhoea

d
Everyone has their own fun.One master once said, "Besides work and basic life, the only thing I do is read books."
From this we can infer:
The reason why Master A becomes a master is that unlike ordinary people, they spend all their time for fun on learning, so they have achieved different achievements from ordinary people.
Master B actually has his own fun.The reason why he said this is mainly to call on young people to develop the habit of reading through their own influence.
Master C wants to establish an image of love to study and study in front of the public, and to hide personal pleasures
D For the master, reading books is his pleasure

b
A certain unit plans to organize a union activity and visit the nearby ancient town.The number of participants needs to be counted.Xiao Chen said, "If it doesn't rain, I have no reason not to go." Xiao Wang said, "January 1st is my child's birthday.I must accompany him at home.As long as this day is not certain, I can't go."Xiao Liu said:" If it rains, I will definitely not go."Xiao Zhang said:" If anyone goes, I will definitely go." On December 29 (Tuesday), the person in charge of the union notified that the union's activities are set for the day after tomorrow.I hope everyone can make arrangements, and the weather forecast says that it will not rain this week.
From this we can infer:
A.Xiao Zhang will go, Xiao Liu will not go
B, Xiao Zhang will go, Xiao Wang will not go
C, Xiao Chen, Xiao Liu and Xiao Zhang will definitely go
D, Xiao Chen, Xiao Liu, Xiao Wang and Xiao Zhang will definitely go

c
Xiao Zeng opened an account in a bank and performed online banking, but shortly afterwards, Xiao Zeng found that 30,000 yuan in his account was transferred through online operations without his knowledge, and the account The password is only known to him and never leaked to others.Xiao Zeng finds the bank and asks the bank to take responsibility.The bank is very sure that the responsibility cannot be with himself and must be with Xiao Zeng.Although Xiao Zeng did not intentionally leak the password, it is possible Unintentionally.
Among the following items, the most supportive of the bank's views are:
A.Xiao Zeng is particularly good to his wife, but his wife has a dislike for Xiao Zeng
B, Xiao Zeng likes drinking, and is often drunk and unconscious
C, the bank's online banking system is impeccable
D, the bank has never had a similar incident before

a
The low-carbon economy is guided by sustainable development theory, through technological innovation, institutional innovation, industrial transformation, new energy development, and other means to minimize the consumption of high-carbon coal and petroleum energy, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and achieve social and economic development A win-win situation with ecological environment protection.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is that do not meet the concept of a low-carbon economy?
A.A food, oil and food company vigorously promotes green food (pesticides/fertilizers)
B.Solar panels are installed in the houses of a certain community
C.An air-conditioning company introduced a low-energy-consumption air-conditioning production line
D.Construction of wind power stations in barren mountains, beaches and meadows

d
If the objects expressed by Concept B are within the range expressed by Concept A.some of the objects expressed by Concept A are within the range expressed by Concept B, and some have a true inclusion relationship between Concept A and Concept B.
According to the above definition, which of the two concepts added in the following is a true containment relationship?
A.Banyan trees are used as sidewalk trees in many cities
B.Star is Venus
C.Plants sometimes behave like animals
D.The science includes multiple disciplines, such as meteorology, genetics, etc.

c
The sunk cost is the cost that has been paid and is not recoverable.The sunk cost is determined by past decisions or the environment, and the cost caused by it cannot be changed by any decision now or in the future.
Based on the above definitions, what does the following not involve sunk costs?
A.Xiao Li bought a second-hand desktop computer for $ 100.
B.The coal of a coal mine has been mined and some mining equipment in the mine has to be abandoned because it cannot be taken out
C.If Xiao Chen had stocked the pheasant in the contracted mountain forest, he had more annual income than stocked hare, but had more management, so he chose to stock the hare.
D.Xiao Zhang is going to ask Xiao Li to go to the movie together, because Xiao Li works overtime temporarily, and she cannot refund the ticket.Xiao Zhang has to use two movie tickets as a message box.

d
Learning disability refers to the impairment of normal ways and means for children to acquire learning skills from the early stages of development.This damage is not the result of a simple lack of learning opportunities, it is not the result of retarded intellectual development, or the acquired brain trauma or disease As a result, this obstacle stems from abnormalities in cognitive processing, manifested as special obstacles in reading, spelling, calculation, etc.
According to the above definition, which of the following is learning disabilities?
A.Nine-year-old Xiaoqiang has just returned from abroad and cannot recognize simplified characters.He faces many difficulties when reading learning materials.
B.Xiaohua used to be an excellent student.After moving abroad with her parents, her academic performance declined sharply due to difficulties in attending classes.
C.Xiao Ming's grades are not good.He took a professional intelligence test in the third grade and found that his intelligence is only equivalent to that of a six-year-old child.
D.Xiao Hong is smart and cute, but after school, she often skips and jumps.Although the teacher repeatedly corrects it, she still has difficulty correcting it.

a
Administrative compensation refers to the system in which administrative organs and their staff members illegally exercise their power to take rights, infringe on the entire legal rights and interests of citizens, legal persons or other organizations and cause damage, and the state is liable for compensation.
According to the above definition, which of the following requirements fall within the scope of administrative compensation?
A.A staff member of a district government officer Wang drove a local government vehicle to go home to visit relatives on the way, and injured a villager Zhang due to speeding.Zhang asked the district government for damages.
B.Traffic police Sun and taxi driver Lee are suspected.Sun Mo framed Li to violate traffic rules and revoke his driving license.Lee asked the traffic management department to compensate him for his loss (not to exercise his authority)
C.A city industrial and commercial bureau finds that a company is suspected of selling counterfeit and inferior products and seized its products from its property, causing damage to the company and asking for compensation
D.The public security bureau destroyed a piece of an illegally grown poppy.The grower Lao Liu believed that the purpose of planting poppy was to cure the mother.

b
Green public relations refers to the impact of corporate and ecologically sustainable development concepts on public relations, the selection of media with "green" characteristics to carry out communication activities, the characteristics of "green" to shape corporate image, win public trust and support, and bring more A series of public relations activities that are more convenient and competitive.
According to the above definition, which of the following is green PR?
A.A software company launched a green software that can be used without installation, and there will be no residual records left in the computer after removal, which is welcomed by many users
B.A fast-food company launched a "plant a tree" publicity campaign and advocated reducing packaging to save resources, creating a good business environment and social atmosphere
C.A residential neighborhood committee promotes waste classification and promotion in accordance with the requirements of the local government, organizes a waste classification knowledge contest in the neighborhood, and distributes garbage bags of different colors on the site for use by residents.
D.People's Network held the "2010 First Annual Low-Carbon China Annual Innovation Forum" with the theme of "Developing a Low-Carbon Economy and Leading the Green Trend", revealing the 2010 low-carbon China leaders, leading brands, ten innovative technology products Multiple awards

a
Hostile attribution bias refers to the tendency to treat the other party's motive or intention as hostile when the situation is unknown.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is hostile attribution biases?
A.Xiao Liu lost miserably in the presidential election of the community.When Xiao Wang advised him to participate in the presidential election of the Student Union, he felt that Xiao Wang had deliberately ridiculed him.
B.The leader saw that Xiao Zhang got a low vote in the democratic evaluation before the promotion, so he judged that the quality of others was bad, and dispelled the idea of promoting him.
C.Chen Qiang, a student in Teacher Wang's class, has always been mediocre, but has obtained the best results in the recent subject competition.Teacher Wang feels that Chen Qiang has cheated in the competition.
D.President Zhao of a company has always disagreed with the bonus distribution plan proposed by President Li at the end of the year.President Li has repeatedly communicated with it with little effect.President Li believes that President Zhao is too protecting the interests of his department.

d
Food contaminants refer to any substances that are not intentionally added to food, but are brought into food during production, manufacturing, processing, preparation, processing, filling, packaging, transportation, and storage, or are brought into food due to environmental pollution.(ABC are intentionally joining)
According to the above definitions, which of the following is food contaminants?
A."Problem Milk Powder" in "Sanlu Milk Powder" Incident Contains Melamine
B.Water-melon protease ingredients used for tenderizing and improving meat quality
C.Aluminum content due to the addition of increasing agents during processing of fried foods
D.Nitrite that is harmful to the human body in additives used in food curing

a
The economy of scope is an economy brought by the business scope of the manufacturer rather than the scale.It is an economic phenomenon that the cost of batch production of two products is lower than the cost of separately producing the first product.
According to the above definition, which of the following is scope economies?
A.A beer factory has acquired a small brewery with a loss in operation.After the production line is expanded, the cost of raw material procurement is reduced, and the production efficiency of beer in both factories is improved.
B.After a furniture manufacturer implements a combination of tables and wardrobes, the same production process reduces costs effectively
C.Due to the expansion of market demand, the manual workshop production of cloth shoes and insoles has gradually been replaced by machine production, and the production cost has dropped significantly.
D.A dairy factory implements the production of cheese and yogurt together.The two production processes draw on each other, the product is improved, and the sales volume is greatly increased (the cost is not involved).

a
Self-limitation refers to the individual's ability to adjust obstacles in advance to the threat of failure that may come, in order to create a reasonable excuse for failure, thereby protecting self-worth and maintaining self-image.
According to the above definition, which of the following is self-limiting?
A.Xiao Zhou and Oda ran for class monitors.Oda told friends that Xiao Zhou was good at learning and popularity, and he was still a cadre in the student society.The teachers liked him better, and it was estimated that he was out of play.
B.Xiao Wang is about to attend an interview with a company, but he always feels that he cannot pass.The day before the interviewer, he was admitted to the hospital because of a sudden illness and missed the interview.
C.Xiao Li entered the insurance company as a sales agent after graduating.He did not sign a contract in the first month.He explained that because of the global financial crisis, the market was very bad.
D.Xiaoming's Chinese scores have always been among the best in the class.Before each exam, he told his classmates that he would definitely fail the exam if he was in a bad state, but his final scores were within the top three.

c
Xiao Liu is a member of the environmental protection volunteer organization "Save the Earth".Due to his serious illness, he cannot go to Shanghai to volunteer for the World Expo.All other members of the organization have been qualified as volunteers for the Shanghai World Expo.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Xiao Liu is a member of "Save the Earth" but has not been qualified as a volunteer for the Shanghai World Expo
B.Volunteers at Shanghai World Expo are members of Save the Planet
C.If someone is a volunteer at the Shanghai World Expo and a member of "Save the Earth", he must not be Xiao Liu
D.If someone is a member of "Save the Earth" but not a volunteer at the Shanghai World Expo, he must be Xiao Liu

a
When buying flooring, consumers are very concerned about the odor emitted by the floor, because the pungent odor of the floor is often a manifestation of toxic and harmful substances exceeding the standard.Recently, it is said that the fragrance green floor has won many consumers Favored.The salesperson claims that the scent emitted from the floor can sterilize and remove the odor in the air.When the salesperson sells this product, they often bring several different floors to make consumers interested in smelling it.And pointed out that the floor with a fragrant smell is the fragrance and environmental protection floor.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken a salesperson's perspective?
A.The odor is not the only criterion for judging whether the floor is environmentally friendly.In addition to smell, consumers are more concerned about the content of organic volatiles in the floor.
B.In fact, due to the odor of the wood itself and the limitations of the manufacturing process, the floor is more or less irritating
C.So far, the relevant state departments have not issued a special standard for fragrance of environmentally friendly flooring.The so-called "fragrance" is just a concept of manufacturer hype
D.Inspection proves that many manufacturers add chemical additives such as flavors to the floor to cover or neutralize irritating odors.

c
Physiologists have found that human brain hair that controls advanced cognitive functions such as memory and thinking has 6 layers under normal circumstances.If the fetus lacks an enzyme called "Cdk5", the development of the cerebral cortex will become extremely slow.The layer structure of the normal cerebral cortex cannot be eventually formed, which seriously affects children's cognitive development.Some medical professionals speculate that using this discovery will hopefully develop drugs and generally improve students' learning ability.
If the following is true, which one cannot question the above speculation?
A.The human body cannot absorb the externally-added "Cdk5" enzyme
B.Students' learning ability is mainly acquired through acquired learning
C.After the critical period of adolescent brain development, supplementation of "Ddk5" enzyme does not work (partially acknowledged, cannot be questioned)
D.Some people with high pulse "Cdk5" enzyme content do not have outstanding learning ability

b
The realization of food safety must be effectively managed by the government.Only the coordination and cooperation between government departments can ensure the effective management of the government.However, it is impossible to achieve coordination between government departments without a sound supervision and control mechanism cooperative.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Food safety cannot be achieved without sound supervision and control mechanisms
B.To improve the supervision mechanism, effective government management is required.
C.Food safety can be achieved through coordination and coordination among various government departments
D.A government that cannot be effectively managed, that is, a government that does not have a sound monitoring and control mechanism

c
The Hushan Great Wall site has not found city bricks except for the few residual bricks found at Site 1.Hushan Village and nearby villages have not removed the city bricks from the Great Wall for the construction of private houses.Presumably, the Hushan Great Wall uses very few bricks.
What assumption does the above guess need to imply?
A.No ancient brick kiln found near Hushan Great Wall site
B.The local county records that the Great Wall of Hushan was built of rammed earth
C.The mountains and slopes here are steep and the city bricks are difficult to transport in and out
D.The soil here is extremely poor and unsuitable for firing bricks for the Great Wall

a
The desk worker reads for a long time, writing is very easy to suffer from lumbar and cervical spine disease.To help these people prevent and alleviate lumbar and cervical spine disease, a unit union has issued a brochure for employees to teach you some ways to prevent and treat the lumbar and cervical spine.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the effect of the above publicity?
A.Methods to prevent and alleviate lumbar and cervical spine diseases vary from person to person
B.The lumbar and cervical disease is difficult to self-prevent and treat (not mentioned)
C.Prevention and treatment of lumbar and cervical diseases require professional guidance (not mentioned)
D.People who work infrequently at the desk may also suffer from lumbar and cervical disease

b
Keshan disease is an endemic cardiomyopathy of unknown causes.Both epidemics of Keshan disease in Shandong Province occurred during the difficult life of the residents in the ward.At this time, residents had a single diet and lack of nutrition.After 1978, due to the rural economic system According to the reforms, the living conditions of the residents in the ward gradually improved, the nutritional structure became more reasonable, and fewer and fewer Keshan disease patients reached the basic control standard.Based on this, some researchers speculated that nutritional deficiency may be an important factor in the development of Keshan disease.
If the following are true, which one cannot question the above inference?
A.The soil and water quality of the original Keshan disease area has changed greatly in decades.
B.Prior to 1978, rural living standards were generally low, but Keshan disease only appeared in some places (partially acknowledged the relationship between nutritional deficiencies and Keshan disease, cannot be questioned), partly acknowledged the inference, and could not be questioned
C.Keshan disease cases have also occurred in some areas of high living standards
D.Keshan disease cannot be cured by adjusting the diet

b
For safety reasons, elevators with a service life of more than 10 years must be replaced with steel cables.Some of the elevators that must be replaced with steel cables are of the S brand.All S brand elevators have no hidden safety hazards.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Some elevators with hidden safety hazards must be replaced with steel cables
B.Some S-brand elevators must be replaced with steel cables
C.Some S-brand elevators do not need to replace steel cables
D.All elevators that must be replaced have a service life of more than 10 years

c
The impact of the German economy in the financial crisis sweeping the world is relatively small compared to other developed countries.The main reason is that the German economy is based on advanced manufacturing, and Germany's machinery and equipment and automobile manufacturing have maintained strong competitiveness.Some people have concluded from the German example that a country's economy is highly deterministic only if it has a strong level of manufacturing competition.
If the following are true, which one can challenge the above conclusions?
A.Some countries with less developed manufacturing industries were less affected by the financial crisis
B.A country's manufacturing industry is underdeveloped and its economy has been volatile
C.Some countries maintain long-term economic stability without developed manufacturing
D.Some countries have developed manufacturing industries, but their economies have not remained stable for a long time.

d
The traditional view is that high egg yolk cholesterol content is directly responsible for hypertension, atherosclerosis, coronary heart disease and stroke.Therefore, many middle-aged and elderly people are afraid to eat egg yolk.Recently, nutritionists have organized a special study The panel on the relationship between egg yolk and cholesterol conducted a six-month experiment on 116 men aged 50 to 65 years.
Assume the following are the results of several experiments.Which will weaken the traditional view the most?
A.Divided the subjects into two groups and ate egg yolk and egg white, respectively.
B.Divided the subjects into two groups and consumed egg yolk and egg white, respectively.
C.The subjects were divided into two groups, one group consumed egg yolk and one group did not consume egg yolk.After six months, it was found that the cholesterol content of the subjects who did not consume egg yolk was reduced.
D.The subjects were divided into two groups, one group ate egg yolks and one group ate no egg yolks.The cholesterol content of the subjects did not change after half a year.

c
Social self-organization refers to a social organization that is established spontaneously, develops independently, and acts on its own, in the form of a non-governmental organization, and gradually moves from disorder to order.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are not social self-organization:
A.A software company in a certain city regularly organizes entrepreneurship for business exchanges
B.A group of students met through the QQ group and participated in respect for the elderly together every weekend
C.Every Saturday night, young people are dancing hip-hop on a municipal park square
D.A group of young people establishes animal shelters to adopt various abandoned pets

c
Imagination refers to the thinking activity of creating a new image based on the original experience.According to whether imagination is controlled by the will, it can be divided into random imagination and involuntary imagination.The characteristic of involuntary imagination is the strangeness of various impressions and information.It is meaninglessly grouped together.Random imagination is the conscious control of various impressions and information, with purpose, and through the efforts of the will to present the required scene.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options are imaginary:?
A.When Li slept last night, she dreamed of a playful partner who was childhood
B.Zhang San received the admission notice and thought that he had achieved his goal and was very excited.
C.Xiao Wang is looking forward to the design, looking forward to the company's new building after completion
D.Xiao Chen's father looked at the photos and recalled the scene of going up the mountain to the countryside

a
The token management system is to replace something in kind or right with something or a mark.When the desired behavior appears, it will be strengthened by a certain number of "marks".After the behavior is expected to persist for a period of time, the "mark" will be based on the incentive system prepared in advance Converted into material rewards.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following options are not part of the token management system:
A.Kindergarten teachers often use little star stickers to encourage children who perform well
B.An enterprise determines the monthly bonus according to the number of praises received by employees each month
C.The game stipulates that the winner can get a lottery ticket, and the accumulated lottery ticket can be exchanged for a prize
D.Customers earn points for shopping at the mall, and redeem points for discount cards at the end of the year

b
Virtual human resource management refers to a human resource management method based on cooperative relationships that makes full use of modern information network technology to help enterprises acquire, develop, and plan for intellectual and labor capital.It can meet the requirements of enterprise management virtualization development, and will A large number of human resource management activities are externalized or self-managed by employees, so the company can focus on the core aspects of human resource management and improve the efficiency of human resource management.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options are not part of virtual human resource management:
A.An enterprise searches for a product development expert through a headhunting company
B.A group submits all its ads to the same advertising company
C.Xiao Li and colleagues were sent by the company to a vocational school for half a year
D.A company entrusts a labor dispatch company to distribute employee compensation

b
Consistent behavior refers to the phenomenon in which individuals' behaviors are consistent with or consistent with the behaviors and wills of others.Consistent behavior usually includes three situations: First, people comply with common social norms in order to meet the needs of the social living environment, resulting in Similar behaviors in order to enable social life to proceed normally; second, similar cultural backgrounds and socialization processes prompt people to produce similar behaviors; and third, psychological interaction between the two parties in interpersonal communication also leads to consistent behaviors.
According to the definition above, which of the following is options that are not consistent?
A.Most college graduates are willing to work in large state-owned enterprises
B.Twins have been separated for many years, but can still be recognized at a glance when they meet
C.Two cars scrapped in the downtown area, and pedestrians stopped to watch
D.The works designed by the architect of a design institute have similar styles

c
Horizontally integrated logistics refers to multiple enterprises in the same industry, which use logistics channels to obtain economies of scale and improve logistics efficiency.Horizontally integrated logistics must have an information platform for logistics demand and logistics supply, and a large number of enterprises must participate and exist.A large amount of goods.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are horizontally integrated logistics:
A.A furniture factory requires raw material suppliers and product sellers to use the same logistics company
B.A slaughtering company in a city puts pigs and beef into refrigerated trucks and sends them to more than 100 retail stores
C.Hundreds of electronic city stores signed an agreement to designate one of them to handle the electronic city delivery business
D.A department store set up a logistics center to coordinate the delivery of all types of goods throughout the company

d
Cyber violence is the phenomenon of network anomie that causes the actual harm of the parties to the parties.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options are cyber violence:
A.An illegal MLM group goes offline with the help of online development
B.A football club fan sets up a website and asks the head coach to leave the class
C.An artist likes to break the news on Weibo to increase his Weibo traffic
D.After the privacy of a draft player was exposed online, he announced that he would abandon the promotion opportunity.

d
Execution on behalf of an administration means that the administrative organ makes an administrative decision that requires the parties to perform obligations such as eliminating obstacles and restoring the original status according to law.If the party fails to perform within the time limit, it still fails to perform after being urged, and its consequences have or will endanger traffic safety, cause environmental pollution or damage natural resources.The administrative organ may perform it on its behalf, or entrust a third party with no interest to perform it on its behalf.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following options meet the administrative performance requirements:
A.An enterprise dumps waste residues in violation of regulations and causes water pollution.Because it does not have the ability to control, the local environmental protection bureau appointed another company to handle the problem on its behalf.
B.The safety supervision bureau requires the mining enterprises to distribute dust masks, and after warning, the safety supervision bureau shall purchase and distribute them
C.A factory was fined by the Environmental Protection Agency for noise pollution.After being urged, the factory refused to pay the fine, and the Environmental Protection Agency then applied for enforcement by the court.
D.The billboard installed in a store affects driving safety.The urban management department urged the store to be demolished within a time limit.

b
The basic rights of citizens can be divided into positive rights and negative rights.Active rights refer to the protection of citizens' rights in the field of social and economic life through the active intervention of the state.The right of the state to act accordingly.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is options that fall into the category of positive rights?
A.The chairman must not use power to deprive shareholders of their equity
B.The state builds affordable housing to meet the needs of low-income people
C.Blind, deaf and dumb persons should be included in the electoral list in accordance with the law
D.Every citizen has the right not to be illegally arrested

d
Corporate social responsibility means that the company is guided by social ethics and moral standards to meet some general needs of society.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is options that are not part of the corporate social responsibility?
A.A pollution accident occurred in a factory, and the surrounding enterprises paid for accident compensation.
B.Engineering team lays a dust screen around the construction site to reduce pollution caused by dust
C.An enterprise donates 300 million enterprise shares to a charitable organization to set up a special fund
D.A company arranges employment for persons with disabilities in accordance with the provisions of the Disability Protection Law

d
According to the British "Daily Mail" report, Japan's Fuji Photo Film Co., Ltd.will use its mastered film technology to innovate skin care products and enter the beauty industry.UV damage has a similar effect, and some consumers who are loyal to the Fuji brand think it is good news for beauty lovers.
What are the implicit assumptions that consumers draw from the above conclusions?
A.Collagen-containing skincare products are popular among consumers in Asia and Europe
B.Fuji has a huge production capacity for producing skincare products containing collagen
C.Scientists have discovered antioxidants from Fuji skincare products
D.Skincare products can make use of scientific research results and processes used by Fuji Film

a
A city is known for its production and processing of "crafts and crafts" exported to EU countries.Since last year, due to the impact of the European debt crisis, the city's export of crafts to the European Union has declined sharply.In view of market changes, as the city's largest crafts production company A.In the next two years, increase productivity by 5%, otherwise, it will go bankrupt.According to the study of the city's foreign trade and economic bureau, according to the current production status and economic management structure, if A can increase productivity by 5%, it can increase 10%.% Of production profit.
If the above statement is true, are the following options necessarily true?
A.If Company A fails to meet its goal of increasing its profit by 10%, it will go bankrupt
B.A's productivity must increase by 10% within two years, or it will go bankrupt
C.As long as the economic situation improves, Company A will not increase productivity and will not go bankrupt
D.A company's production status and economic management structure remain unchanged for two years, only 10% increase in profits

b
In recent years, great progress has been made in the development of preschool education for urban and rural children in China.However, the problem of "difficult to enter a kindergarten" for rural preschool children has not been completely solved.The problem of "difficult to enter a kindergarten" for children cannot be relied on to use school buses to pick up children, "reasonable layout, enter the nearest park" is fundamental to ensure the safety of children and solve the difficulty of entering the park.
If the above is true, which of the following is the most supportive of the above argument?
A.National financial investment in rural pre-school education as a percentage of national education investment continues to increase
B.School buses purchased in accordance with international safety standards have high maintenance costs, and children in some areas cannot afford them
C.Each township should plan and build a public kindergarten, a large village independently run a park, a small village jointly run a park
D.The state recruits preschool teachers for free orientation training, and returns to the local preschool education after graduation

c
Some experts believe that the global economy is slowly recovering. The main evidence is that the U.S.economy has exceeded expectations and has performed well in terms of employment and housing; the European Central Bank has launched a financing operation plan to use relatively low-interest rates to lend, Many companies and SMEs have raised funds; the entire global commodity market has established sufficient confidence, so this is a very good sign.
If the following are true, which of the following is most likely to be the prerequisite for the above argument?
A.Experts have previously expressed no optimism about the U.S.economy
B.European Central Bank submits the the original interest rate
C.Economic conditions in non-European and American countries remain stable
D.Lack of confidence in global commodity trading

b
German and Swiss experts have reached an interesting conclusion after research: the color of tableware can directly affect appetite, and red tableware can reduce people's appetite by 40%.In people's traditional concepts, red is a very aggressive color.Serving food often makes it difficult to swallow, because subconsciously people will send themselves a psychological hint that they can't eat the food in red tableware, which reduces appetite.
If the following are true, the above questions can be questioned most:
A.Fast food giants often use large, bright red patterns in the lobby, which have not affected fast-food sales.
B.Red easily makes people feel nervous, overeating is a way for people to relax when they are nervous
C.Tests show that people who drink red cups drink 44% less water on average than those who use blue cups
D.Red heralds restlessness and worry, and people seeing red utensils instinctively worry about food being dangerous

d
There is a very competitive new force in the super notebook market.In 2011, sales accounted for only 20% of the mobile computer market sales, which was lower than the expected 30 %.Some suppliers said that the reason why the super itself encountered a downturn in sales is largely It is because the demand for ultrabooks in the European market is too small.Surveys show that European consumers generally favor laptops of 15 inches and above.According to data, 40% to 45% of mobile computers sold in Europe is 15 inches.Model, and the ultrabook does not have such a size at all.
The premise of the supplier's conclusions is:
A.The manufacturer did not consider the usage habits of European consumers before production
B.Superbooks should be designed to produce 15-inch products
C.Consumption habits of European consumers are similar to those in other regions
D.European market accounts for a large proportion of the global notebook market

c
Some economists disapprove of the government's direct assistance to low-income people, advocate the government to adopt preferential fiscal and tax policies for big entrepreneurs and the rich, and believe that the investment and consumption activities of big entrepreneurs and the rich will promote economic development and increase the poor Employment opportunities to transfer wealth from the top of society to the bottom of society.
If the following are true, the point that most weakens the above theory is:
A.The government adopts preferential fiscal and tax policies for big entrepreneurs and rich people, leading to uncertain social contradictions caused by the widening gap between rich and poor
B.Breaking egalitarianism in income distribution and encouraging some people to get rich first, but the implementation of this policy has unforeseen risks
C.After the consumption needs of high-income earners are saturated, human "selfishness" will curb investment demand, and social investment will no longer continue to grow
D.The government's fiscal and tax policies should favor the poor, and increasing the purchasing power of the poor will also increase effective consumer demand and promote sustainable economic development.

a
Some British doctors have announced that they have begun to treat repetitive strain-related illnesses of Apple iPad users.This kind of illness, nicknamed "I injury", is mainly manifested in the user's hand and click, and the finger touching the screen appears various Experts speculate that most IPAD users hold the tablet in their left hand to keep it stable, and the index finger of their right-hand clicks the screen to send an email or generate a file.This makes them suffer from repetitive strain, carpal tunnel syndrome and other tendon injuries.risk.
If the following are true, what the above experts can best suppose is:
A.Users who use IPAD are more likely to develop such conditions
B.Users with other brands of tablets experience similar symptoms
C.Very few such conditions occur in areas where IPAD is not widespread
D.Desktop users are less likely to develop such conditions

a
French President Sarkozy officially announced his re-election, slogan "Strong France", promised to lead France out of the economic crisis.Advertising on the streets of Sarkozy in Paris reads: "Only strong France can protect your family."
Based on the reasoning of this campaign slogan, Which of the following options are true:
A.Weak France cannot protect your family
B.Strong France can protect your family
C.France is weak because it does not protect families
D.The family is protected, France can be strong

d
Synesthesia refers to a feeling, such as vision, hearing, touch, etc., which causes another feeling to occur, and is a manifestation of sensory interaction.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not synaptic:
A.Showy meals
B.Touch the scene
C.Wangmei quenches thirst
D.Wang Wenshengyi

c
Metacognition refers to the cognition of cognition, that is, the knowledge of cognitive subjects about their own cognitive processes and the ability to regulate these processes, and the knowledge and control of thinking and learning activities.The essence of metacognition is to cognition Self-awareness and self-regulation of activities.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following include metacognition:
A.Xiao Kun often drinks "Brain Power"
B.Keiko thinks Zhuangzi doesn't know the happiness of fish
C.Xiao Zhao adjusts his attention and listens to the teacher carefully
D.Xiaozhuang realized that he had handled something wrong

b
Garden refers to an area created by applying engineering technology and artistic means in a certain area, transforming the terrain, planting trees and flowers, creating buildings, and laying out garden roads.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are gardens:
A.A county is a desert area.In order to improve the ecological environment, the county government adopted measures such as sand fixation, water diversion, and afforestation to form a desert oasis surrounded by trees.
B.A residential area is to beautify the environment.A veranda is built with stone in the community, and flowers and plants are planted on both sides of the corridor to form a green promenade with multiple functions such as playfulness and assembly.
C.A county closed a mountain in its territory, removed all administrative villages in the mountain, and prohibited surrounding residents from grazing and mining rocks in the mountains.After many years, the lush forest environment was restored.
D.A new road is built in a certain place.Because the place belongs to the wind and sand area, in order to suppress the invasion of sand and dust to the road and beautify the environment, short shrubs and tall street trees are planted near the road, so that the plants on both sides of the road are high and low Intent

c
Defensive pessimism refers to individuals who have succeeded in past achievement situations, but still set a low level of expectations and repeatedly think about various possible outcomes when facing new and similar achievement situations.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are defensively pessimistic:
A.Manager Zhang is an outstanding professional manager and has a good reputation in the industry, but he considers himself a loser when it comes to educating his children.
B.Xiao Ming's performance in the mid-term exam is very unsatisfactory.As the final exam is approaching, he still has no confidence in himself and at the same time guesses the scores he may get.
C.The team coached by Coach Wang has won championships many times, but before each game, Coach Wang will tell players that they only need to do their best
D.Xiao Li stood out in the selection contest of the talent competition organized by the company, but before the final, he was worried that others were stronger than himself, and it was difficult to have the confidence to win.

b
Each game company usually has more than one competitive strategy, and the set of all its strategies constitutes the strategy set of the company.In the company's respective strategy set, if there is one, no matter what strategy the competitors adopt, they can benefit the most from themselves.Strategy, which is called a dominant strategy, while the other strategies are disadvantaged strategies.The two existing companies A and B are considering whether to promote products through advertising.
According to the above definition, Which of the following judgments are correct:
A.If both A and B advertise, the benefits of both are the largest, then advertising is the dominant strategy of A and B
B.B advertises or does not advertise, A advertises the most profit, so advertising is the dominant strategy of A
C.A advertises or does not advertise, B advertises a small amount of profit, so excluding advertising is B's dominant strategy
D.If A does not advertise and B advertises, A's profit is the largest, so not advertising is the dominant strategy of A

a
Imagination is a high-level cognitive activity.If imagination is performed consciously for a certain purpose, it is called intentional imagination.Intentional imagination includes remaking imagination, creating imagination and fantasy.Recreating imagination refers to the description of the words or the illustration of the pattern The process of forming a corresponding new image in the brain.Creative imagination refers to the process of creating a new image independently in the brain according to a certain purpose and task in creative activities.Illusion refers to the future and is connected with personal wishes Imagination.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are reimagined:
A.When Xiao Wang reads "The Moonlight over the Lotus Pond", the scene of the lotus under the moon appeared in his mind
B.In the novel by writer Xiao Li, the protagonist is shaped based on Xiao Li's personal life experience.
C.On the cold winter day, Xiao Zhang was walking home, thinking that he could eat hot noodles when he got home.
D.In the art class, the teacher demonstrated the character paintings to the students, but Xiao Chen always wanted to draw his own comics.

b
Psychologists divide human intelligence into crystal intelligence and fluid intelligence.Crystal intelligence refers to cognitive ability based on learned experience, which is greatly affected by the acquired experience.It is mainly manifested in the use of existing knowledge and skills to absorb new intelligence.Knowledge and the ability to solve new problems generally do not diminish with age.Fluid intelligence is a physiologically-based cognitive ability that diminishes with age.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not crystal intelligence:
A.Xiao Li found a secretarial job after graduating.After one year of employment, she has been proficient in various commonly used text and image processing software.
B.Xiao Zhang is called a "child prodigy" because he can recite hundreds of ancient poems at the age of 4 and a half, and he will never forget digital information such as phone numbers
C.Aunt Zhao is a well-known "God Chef" in the town.She often tests various delicious dishes at home to share with friends and publish food books.
D.Ms.Wang's father is unique in the field of Qing history research.Ms.Wang has been eye-catching since childhood and has a strong ability to control the text.She has published several novels.

d
Administrative legal relationship refers to the rights and obligations relationship between the state administrative agency and other subjects in the administrative management activities of the state administrative agency adjusted by the administrative legal norms.It is caused by the administrative agency exercising state administrative power and its management object.Among them, the positive administrative-legal relationship refers to the various relationships with relevant parties in order to realize the administrative functions of the state, build various businesses, and manage various administrative affairs.The negative administrative-legal relationship refers to sanctioning the administration in order to ensure administrative order Illegal acts and various relationships with relevant parties or individual citizens.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are negative administrative legal relations:
A.An administrative agency finds that the quality of the purchased computer is unqualified and asks the manufacturer to refund the compensation
B.In order to regulate the dog-raising behavior of citizens, a city recently issued the "Regulations on the Management of Dogs"
C.The Municipal Small and Medium Enterprise Bureau gave a financing instruction to a high-tech enterprise that has just settled in this city according to law
D.A tax authority fined a unit of 20,000 yuan for tax evasion and ordered it to pay additional taxes.

c
The stamp effect means that when the research topic can be related to a person's specific things, activities and emotions, the accuracy of the inference results will be greatly improved.The reasoning materials are specific, and the reasoning is easier.The reasoning materials are abstract.The reasoning is more difficult.
According to the definition of appeal, Which of the following are not part of the stamp effect:
A.The first artificial aircraft in the world was designed by people by studying the characteristics of bird flight
B.Archimedes found that the more the body sinks in the shower, the more water overflows from the basin, and from this, he discovers the "buoyancy law"
C.It is found that when sunspots are active, severe weather will occur on the earth, so sunspots are considered a precursor to extreme weather
D.Galileo freely dropped two iron balls of different weights from the same height on the Leaning Tower of Pisa at the same time, and two iron balls landed at the same time, confirming that the speed of free fall has nothing to do with mass

c
Murphy's Law is a famous assertion made by the engineer Edward Murphy.The main content is: if things are likely to worsen, although this possibility is small, it will happen.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following do not reflect Murphy's Law:
At the checkout in A supermarket, you find that the other team is always moving faster, but when you change to another team, the team that originally stood will start to move faster.
B.Xiao Li accidentally dropped a few slices of bread on the new carpet, and the top one was covered with jam.Unfortunately, when the bread fell, it happened to be the side with the jam facing down.
C.Liu went out to buy popcorn while the commercial was playing in the middle of the TV series.After the commercial ended, Liu happened to be back, but the TV series took five minutes and the episode ended.
D.If you are going to take a taxi on the street for a time-critical appointment, you will find that almost all taxis on the street have passengers, and it is usually best to take a taxi at this time.

b
The traditional wisdom is that taking vitamin C supplements daily can effectively prevent a cold.However, a recent study found that this method has no obvious effect on most people.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.People who exercise for a long time have fewer colds a year and heal faster than people who take vitamin C supplements
B.In general, most people have an average cold 2 to 4 times a year, and those who take vitamin C supplements have a similar chance of having a cold.
C.Vitamin C supplements can reduce the duration of colds in adults by 8% and the duration of colds in children by 13.6%
D.People who are often exposed to cold weather can reduce their chance of getting a cold by taking a vitamin C supplement daily

d
Researchers used multiple backward tasks to train one of the human brain functions, "working memory".All subjects were divided into four groups on average, no training group, 8 days, 12 days, 17 days training group All subjects (including the non-training group) received intelligence tests before and after training.The study found that compared with the non-training group, the intelligence level of the training group was significantly improved, and the longer the training time, the more the intelligence level improved.From this, it is concluded that "working memory" training can improve intelligence.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.The intelligence levels of the four groups of test subjects before training are different
B.As the training time increases, the rate of intellectual improvement slows
C.Individual "working memory" can be trained by other tasks
D.Studies confirm that multiple retrogressive tasks can lead to improvements in other brain functions

c
A study found that feather-rich birds were more adaptable to the environment than those of single coat color.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Studies have shown that birds used for diverse colors are more likely to succeed in mating, resulting in a higher frequency of mating during the breeding season
B.Experiments show that birds with many colors and bright colors are more likely to be found by natural enemies, and therefore are more likely to face the pressure of survival than birds with a single color
C.Research finds that birds with more than one color can quickly evolve into new species, which allows them to survive in a wider environment
D.Biological research confirms that feather-rich birds often have physiological and behavioral differences, so they have less choice to live in groups than single-colored birds

c
While organ transplantation technology is becoming more mature, donor organs that can be used for transplantation are seriously inadequate, and xenogeneic organ transplantation is the most effective way to solve the shortage of donor organs.A researcher said that transgenic cloned pigs are expected to become donors for xenotransplantation in the future.In simple terms, what organs humans need to transplant in the future can be extracted from transgenic cloned pigs.More vividly, transgenic cloned pigs are equivalent to the "factory" of human organs.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.In terms of genetic structure, monkeys and orangutans are more suitable for xenotransplantation than pigs, but they will face greater ethical difficulties.
B.The combination of cloned pig technology and transgenic technology can promote the rapid reproduction of top quality breeding pigs and the breeding of excellent new breeds.
C.Transgenic cloning technology can modify and transform pig genes to produce cloned pigs that basically do not contain "exclusion genes" and risk factors.
D, transfer the genes of some important protein drugs into the pig's genome, and achieve gene expression in organs such as the breast of pigs, and extract valuable medicinal proteins from them.

c
How can a person's anger be controlled? The amygdala of the brain is related to the generation of anger.The frontal part of the brain can send signals to help control anger.Serotonin is the "messenger" that transmits this signal.Serotonin is a tryptophan synthesis in the human body, and Tryptophan is one of eight essential amino acids that the body cannot synthesize and can only be obtained from food.
From this we can infer:
A.The level of human serotonin can indicate the individual's ability to manage emotions
B.Patients with anger and mania can be treated with intravenous serotonin instead of sedatives
C.Long-term lack of tryptophan in the diet may lead to poor mood control and easy anger
D.Blocking the nerve transmission between the amygdala and the frontal lobe, making anger uncontrollable

c
The phenomenon of amnesia during infancy refers to the inability of infants to remember the time that occurred in the first two or three years of life.The previous explanation of this phenomenon is that infants cannot form a lasting representation of their own experience during this period That is, there is no related memory, so early memory cannot be used.However, recent research has found that this is not the case.Infants can recall earlier experiences and can recall them for a considerable period of time during infancy.Therefore, Researchers believe that not all babies have memory loss.
The implicit assumptions in the above inference are:
A.Baby's short-term memory is better than long-term memory
B.Representation of own experience and memory are closely related
C.Being able to recall relevant experiences means that there must be memories
D.Amnesia is often caused by difficulty in extracting memory cues

c
Birds usually dodge unusual things and like green and blue objects.But when researchers injected sheep's red blood cells at 4 weeks, 9 weeks, and 14 weeks to simulate a parasite infection, The birds then began to explore new things in the environment and move closer to the little orange toys--they usually stay away from this color because it seems to be related to toxic food.The researchers speculate that these so-called personality changes will help Adult individuals explore larger areas and find more food, which in turn can compensate for the energy they lose as they fight infectious diseases.
Which of the following, if true, cannot question the researchers' speculation?
Green food does not provide energy for the little mallard.
B.Adult individuals with small mallards exploring larger areas mean more danger
C, through long-term observation, it is found that the small green duck injected with red blood cells is more aggressive
D.Sheep red blood cell release protein binds to the retinal cells of the little mallard and affects its color recognition.

c
At present, some patients with heart disease have not been able to completely get rid of the pain, and even if a heart transplant is performed, the body may have a rejection reaction.New research has found that the use of human skin cells can create heart cells.Heart disease brings the gospel.
Which of the following, if true, cannot weaken the above conclusion?
A.Experiments have found that if skin cells are implanted into the heart muscle along with other cells, symptoms of weakened heart function are prone to occur.
B.The implanted skin cells must be carefully screened in advance, otherwise, the cells may develop into tumors in the patient and even cause complications
C.Animal experiments show that compared with other cells, skin cells have no rejection after implantation into the myocardium, resulting in a decrease in arrhythmia.
D.In the experiment, the researchers used the patient's skin cells to grow heart cells, but this process took a long time to create enough new cells.

b
Many places around the world are facing disasters caused by drought, and people are often overwhelmed by these disasters.Today, some scientists have discovered a laser.After launch, it can create water droplets in the air, which will increase the vapor and increase the moisture in the clouds Bring rainfall, which they believe will help people determine rainfall and time and replace traditional methods of artificial rainfall.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.The study found that the effects of lasers of different wavelengths on the cloud are inconsistent, and the traditional method is easier to operate than the laser rainfall method
B.Some studies believe that rainfall in an area is mainly affected by changes in weather patterns, and the use of lasers cannot achieve rainfall anytime, anywhere
C.Concentrated rainfall is easier to achieve in low-temperature and high-humidity environments, and it is necessary to continuously emit greater intensity lasers in natural arid environments
D.Artificial rainfall mainly relies on chemical substances to condense rainfall, which will cause some damage to the environment, but the laser does not cause harm to the environment

b
Previous studies have shown that the functional areas of the brain are not static.Researchers use functional magnetic resonance imaging to scan the visual area of the brain when a congenital blind performs a sentence understanding task.If the visual cortex of the brain has language processing capabilities, then When exposed to linguistic information, it will show the same sensitivity as the classical brain language area.It was found that the brain visual area is sensitive to sentence structure and word meaning performance.
Researchers believe that the visual cortex of innately blind people can process language.
A.Studies show that congenitally blind people are active in the left visual cortex when performing tasks that read Braille
B.Under the condition that the language center plays a normal function, the visual cortex of the congenital blind will compete with other functions because it has not obtained visual functions
C.If surgery is performed early in human life, such as connecting its nerves to the visual cortex of the brain, the visual cortex will process sound information
D.Different parts of the human visual cortex acquire different functions during development, and part of the left visual area acquires language processing functions

d
A billion years ago, when dinosaurs ruled the earth, a handful of nocturnal ancient reptiles found a survival strategy unknowingly, and eventually went to the evolutionary path of the brain.Scientists are very similar to primitive mammals.It was concluded from the fossil skulls of ancient reptiles that it is the development of the sense of smell that has promoted the evolution of ancient reptile brains.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Many early mammals evolved smaller bodies due to natural selection, but their brains failed to shrink proportionally
B.The researchers analyzed the reptile canine dosaurus fossil, which is closely related to the early mammal Morgan beast, but the brain of the morgan beast is half larger than that of the canine dragon, and the area that processes the sense of smell is significantly larger
C.Early nocturnal mammals evolved larger brains to promote their hearing, as vision does not play a large role at night
D.Studies show that giant skulls that have the closest relationship to existing mammals have larger brain volumes and nasal airspace than earlier reptiles

d
There are more than 130 companies producing infant formula in China, while there are only 4 companies in the United States.In contrast, the number of infants eating formula in the United States is much higher than in China."Imagine if there were only 4 companies producing formula Enterprises will cherish their brand value and continuously strengthen their awareness of food safety.Any possible food safety risks are intolerable by the enterprises themselves.It is unthinkable that problems such as melamine occur."
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken this view?
A.A company is a well-known manufacturer of infant formula in the United States, and found that melamine was found in a brand formula that they produced.
B.There are more than 90 infant formula manufacturers in a country, and most of them have not detected melamine in their formula.
C.A company is a well-known manufacturer of dairy products in China.Its brand value is high, but melamine was found in the dairy products it produced.
D.There are too many companies producing infant formula in our country, and brand value is not important to companies, so these companies dare to add melamine to milk powder

a
Scientists believe that dreams are the result of the combined action of various central points in the brain that are responsible for various functions of the human body.Some people's brain cells are still active during sleep, which is the basis of dreams.Recent research results have confirmed that dreaming is not only affects people's sleep and health, and is one of the physiological activities necessary to protect the health of the brain.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.In the study, subjects who were disturbed by dreams appeared anxious, easy to be nervous, and had short-term impairment of memory after waking up
B.According to the questionnaire analysis, people who have not dreamed for a long time need longer sleep than regular dreamers, and half of them still feel tired after resting
C.Surveys show that subjects who can fully describe dreams can focus more quickly at work than forgetful dreamers, resulting in more efficient work
D.In the experiment, when the sleeper appeared dreaming brain waves, they immediately blocked them, and found that the subjects' blood pressure and body temperature increased significantly.

c
The researchers completed two memory experiments.In the first experiment, the participants learned 40 groups of words.In the second experiment, the participants learned a series of finger signals.In both experiments, only half of the participants were told that they would be tested after 10 hours.All the participants in the test will be tested.Only a part of the participants will take a nap between the study and the test.It was found that the participants in the sleeping group performed better than the participants in the non-sleeping group and were told in advance to test Participants also had higher test scores; therefore, researchers believe that sleep helps the brain store memory information that is useful for the future.
If the following items are true, which one can most refute the conclusion?
A.The participants in Experiment 1 are all young people with good memory and studying in a language major.
B.Some of the participants who took a nap in Experiment 2 took the test with a relaxed attitude and achieved good results.
C.Participants who arrange napping time are younger teenagers, and it is well known that people have a better memory in their teenage years
D.Some participants who were told to take the test did not fall asleep when they were napping, and they unconsciously reviewed what they had learned in their brains

d
The process of trying to control the formation of others' own impressions is called impression management,
According to the above definitions, Which of the following behaviors are not part of impression management:
A.at the interview, candidate Xiaoli intentionally echoed the comments of the examiner
B.Xiao Zhao was late for class, apologized to the teacher, and explained why he was late
C.Xiao Zhou is bald when he is young, he wears a hat every time he sees a client
D.Old Sun is hardworking, diligent, hardworking, and enjoying the future

a
Administrative legal relations are divided into external administrative legal relations and internal administrative legal relations according to the scope of administrative power.The administrative and managed relations between administrative agencies and citizens, legal persons and other organizations are external administrative legal relations; The subordinate relationship at the level is an internal administrative-legal relationship.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts belong to the internal administrative-legal relationship:
A.a company pays taxes to the tax bureau
B.a university punishes students who violate discipline
C.a catering company inspected by a health bureau
D.the Provincial Public Security Department praises the "British Model Police" of the Provincial Traffic Police Brigade

d
Language planning refers to the organized, purposeful, and planned manual intervention and management of the language and its use by the government or social groups.It mainly includes language status planning and language ontology planning.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of language planning:
A.legislation to promote Putonghua
B.Develop a simplified list of words
C.National Language Commission regulates network terms
D.University develops language education industry

c
A social support system usually refers to a system of spiritual or material help and support given to an individual from all aspects of society, including parents, relatives, friends, etc.Its goal is to restore the individual to a harmonious psychological state and a good life.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of the social support system:
A.Xiao Chen's college entrance exam failed, parents comforted him
B.Zhang is in a bad mood because of being in love, telling a friend
C.when Xiao Zhao is in a bad mood, listen to his idol songs to ease the mood
D.usually working under a lot of pressure, Li often goes out to sing and eat with colleagues

b
Private morality refers to the ethical principles that people should follow in their private life and private interactions that do not directly involve their obligations and responsibilities to the society as a whole, mainly including personal living habits, behavioral style, personality characteristics, and ethics in dealing with love, marriage, and family issues Wait.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not private morals:
A.Wang is a civil servant.He gets along well with his neighbors.
B.Liu has a publicity and likes to wear a variety of trendy clothing
C.Zhang obeys the law and never commits crimes
D.Lee is very diligent.He does all the housework at home.

c
Learned helplessness refers to an individual who unconditionally attributes multiple failures to his or her own factors.Indifferent without passion.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not acquired helplessness:
A.Xiaohong has been reprimanded by her mother for making mistakes in playing the piano.She thinks she has no talent for music and is no longer willing to practice playing the piano.
B.Xiaozhang University's major is relatively unpopular.After many job applications, he no longer has enthusiasm for working abroad.
C.Xiao Wang is careless in his work and often makes mistakes.After being criticized by the leader several times, the work has been meticulous and has not been criticized by the leader recently.
D.Xiao Li has had several girlfriends, but all ended up breaking up, so he thinks he is not attractive and never dares to associate with girls

d
The deposit refers to the payment of a certain amount of money to the other party as a guaranteed method of the creditor's rights according to the agreement.After the debtor performs the debt, the deposit should be settled or recovered.If the party that pays the deposit fails to perform the agreed debt, it is not entitled to request the return of the deposit; If one party to the deposit fails to perform the agreed debts, the deposit shall be doubled.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are deposits:
A.Xiao Zhang gave a gift of 50,000 yuan to the woman at the time of engagement
B.due to the shortage of car sources, Xiao Chen agreed to pay 10,000 yuan more to the 4S store in order to be able to pick up the car immediately when buying the car
C.in order to ensure that employees continue to work at the company in the next year, some wages are withheld until the next year
D.Xiaoli paid 20,000 yuan to the landlord after seeing a second-hand house.The two parties agreed that the landlord would sell the house to Xiaoli within one week.

d
The contrast effect is a kind of social perception bias, which means that when evaluating a person or an event, it is affected by other people or events that you have recently come into contact with, causing the evaluation of that person or event to be distorted and make an objective evaluation.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are comparative effects:
A.experiments show that the simulated trial team sentenced the defendant with a poor image to a longer sentence
B.like many people, Pharaoh also believes that the ideal family should be "male outside, female inside"
C.Li believes that he can work in a well-known foreign company because of his own excellence, and Ronaldo just has good luck
D.if the previous candidate performs poorly during the interview, the examiner will often give the candidate behind it a high score

c
Public goods, also known as "public goods", refer to a non-exclusive goods or services.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are public goods:
A.community law and order
B.affordable housing
C.highway
D.herder grassland

b
Positive reinforcement, also known as positive reinforcement, is the use of encouragement to affirm certain behaviors, make individuals feel beneficial, and are willing to maintain their positive behaviors.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are positive reinforcements:
A.A's speech in the class was publicly praised by the teacher, and his number of speeches increased significantly later
B.B met the leader once when he was late for work, he would never dare to be late again
C.C's office is stolen, and he has to check the doors and windows every time he leaves the office.
D.D found that no one laughed at his spoken pronunciation in the English corner, and he often went to the English corner in the future.

b
Pharaoh told Lao Li: "Unless you pay the purchase price in accordance with the contract today, we will see you in court."
Which of the following judgments has a different meaning than the above judgment?
A.only when Lao Li paid for the goods as required by the contract today, Pharaoh will not bring him to court
B.if Lao Li pays for the goods as required by the contract today, then Pharaoh will not bring him to court
C.if Lao Li didn't pay the payment as required by the contract today, then Pharaoh will bring him to court
D.if Pharaoh did not bring Lao Li to court, then Lao Li will pay the payment today according to the requirements of the contract

c
A high school surveyed the students' participation in the club and found that among the members of the chess club, as long as they were students in the second (3) class, they must also be members of the school basketball team.
From this we can infer:
A.A is a member of a chess club, and A is a basketball team member, then A is a high school student
B.B is a member of the chess club, and B is not a member of the basketball team, then B is not a student in Grade 2
C.C is not a member of the chess club, and C is not a member of the basketball team, then C is not a student in Grade 2
D.D is a sophomore student and Ding is a member of the basketball team, then Ding is a member of the chess club

a
Some civil servants are in the management profession.Therefore, some people in the administration profession do management work.
If the above reasoning is true, which of the following must be added as a premise?
A.all civil servants do management work
B.some civil servants do not do management work
C.some people in the administrative profession are not civil servants
D.all those who major in administration are civil servants

d
Researchers analyzed the results of telephone interviews and laboratory tests of 990 people aged 40 to 70 and found that optimists are less likely to have high "bad" cholesterol (that is, low-density lipoprotein) and "good" cholesterol (High-density lipoprotein) is higher, which has a protective effect on the heart and helps offset "bad" cholesterol.Therefore, research believes that this is another evidence that mental health is closely related to physical health, and optimistic temperament may be beneficial to human health There are some real benefits.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above findings?
A.the study has not yet found a link between optimism and total cholesterol levels
B.optimists have a healthier lifestyle, which makes their blood lipids different from other people
C.there are a large number of sports enthusiasts interviewed, and regular exercise can reduce their risk of heart disease
D.In the experiment, every 5 points increase in optimism score increases 1 mg per 100 ml of HDL, which means that the risk of heart disease is reduced by 3%

c
Global warming is an indisputable fact in the eyes of most people, but a climate change research institute published data saying that from early 1997 to August 2012, the overall global temperature change was only 0 ° C.According to this agency, It is believed that the global warming trend has stopped.
If one of the following is true, the conclusion of the research institution cannot be questioned?
A.The timing of the start and end of the climate trend is critical, otherwise, it will distort the conclusions of the study.
B.For the study of global climate change, the data of more than ten years is only a short-term data and does not explain the problem.
C.the latest research results show that global climate change is more affected by the Earth's own movement than human activity
D.the current computer model on which global temperature records depend is flawed, and real climate change is far more complicated than it reflects

c
Surveys show that people who choose to invest in multiple ways tend to be richer than people who only work in their own jobs.Therefore, choosing to invest in multiple ways can help people gain wealth.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above view?
A.the education of people who can invest in multiple ways is generally higher
B.The risk of choosing multiple ways of investing is greater than engaging in only my own job
C.people will choose multiple ways to invest only after they have a certain wealth
D.some people who are only engaged in their own job are richer than those who choose to invest in multiple ways

a
Americans today are 32% less active than Americans in 1965 and are expected to reduce 46% by 2030; in China, people are losing 45% of their activity compared to 1991 and are expected to reduce 51% by 2030 Movement has become a global issue.
Which of the following, if true, best supports this view?
A.the amount of exercise in other countries is about the same as that of China and the United States
B.the way people stay healthy is becoming more diverse
C.China and the U.S.are both countries with more serious lack of exercise
D.In terms of exercise volume, China and the United States are the most representative countries in Asia and the Americas, respectively.

d
In recent years, cats have become the biggest threat to wildlife in country A.These cats (including pet cats and stray cats, wild cats, farm cats and other owner cats) kill and kill animals by tens of billions a year.Some animal charities have suggested that cats Collars with bells.Cats with collars have a hunting success rate that is at least one-third lower than other cats, and the number of kills will be greatly reduced.
Which of the following, if true, would best challenge the proposal?
A.when the cat is hunting, it does not take into account the sound of the bell
B.this move will lead to a cat food chain break, which could lead to massive cat deaths in the country
C.there is data showing that the number of wild animals who have died of vehicle crushing in recent years has increased sharply
D.it ’s difficult to put a collar on the “owner cat”, and most of the animals are killed by the “owner cat”

b
Psychologist Dewick used 10 years to experiment with 400 fifth graders, and found that children who are brag smart are more likely to give up, lack self-confidence, and dare not take risks.Later, she repeated the experiment and incorporated different social stages into her own.Experiments have found the same results, regardless of gender, and even preschool children have not been spared the negative effects of being praised.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above findings?
A.praise does not necessarily have a positive effect.The effect varies greatly depending on the specific content and form of praise.
B.a comprehensive survey of praise shows that praised students have become more inclined to avoid risks and lack independence
C.a comparative study of the academic performance of students in the positive praise group and the non-commendable group shows that their academic performance is not significantly different
D.research finds that praise has the most impact on the smartest girls, most of whom crashed in a "failed response" test

b
"Wanfu is one force, the world is invincible" means unity.Unity unites cohesion, productivity, combat effectiveness, unity can overcome difficulties and dangers, and create miracles on earth.Members of an organization must be united and united.This organization can operate efficiently; If the members of an organization are united, they will certainly produce an overall benefit that exceeds the sum of the individual entities.
From this we can infer:
A.only through unity can we overcome all kinds of difficulties and dangers
B.An efficient organization must be united among its members
C.if members of an organization are not united, they will consume each other and affect the overall effectiveness
D.Only if an organization operates efficiently can it generate overall benefits that exceed the sum of its individual entities

c
Economic policies for environmental protection refer to policies that use various effective economic means such as taxation, credit, financial subsidies, and charges to guide and promote environmental protection.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following economic policies that are not environmental protection are:
A.A province develops transportation methods that are conducive to environmental protection through the collection and management of transportation taxes and fees
B.A country encourages and supports all types of financial institutions to increase credit investment in enterprises that comprehensively utilize resources
C.An environmental protection equipment manufacturing park stipulates the minimum amount of registered capital of enterprises allowed to enter the park
D.An enterprise was disqualified from applying for special funds for environmental protection by the environmental protection department due to the pollution control failure.

d
Intentional imagination refers to the imagination with a predetermined purpose in advance, which can be divided into recreating imagination and creating images.The former refers to the process of forming a new image in the mind according to the description or pattern of others; the latter refers to the process of not in the brain based on the ready-made description.The process of generating a new image independently.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following belong to the creative imagination:
A.Some old things came to mind when Lao Liu revisited
B.Public security officer draws a portrait of the suspect based on the victim's description
C.People came to the ancient battlefield as if they were listening to the story of the Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
D.Xiaoming paints a picture of future human life on the moon in his science fiction novel

a
A pedigree refers to a biological change system compiled based on the evolutionary history and the distance of kinship between various organisms.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following belong to the pedigree:
A.The family tree of the Lee family records the development and changes of the family over the past five hundred years
B.There is a view that humans originated in Africa and gradually migrated around the world
C.In nature, human beings and various animals and plants are interdependent, and once the balance is lost, disasters will follow.
D.Fish evolved into amphibians, from which mammals and birds were differentiated, and one of the mammals developed into a higher intelligent creature

b
Extended products refer to the sum of various benefits that customers receive when purchasing products, including product specifications, warranty, installation, maintenance, delivery, technical training, etc.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are related to extended products:
A.A brand clothing store conducts promotional activities, and the purchase of clothing in this store is 300 yuan minus 100 yuan
B.In order to attract customers, a car dealer promises that the cars sold in this store can enjoy a three-year warranty
C.An electrical appliance distributor promises that customers can enjoy a 10% discount on any electrical appliances purchased in this store
D.A game company launched an upgraded version in time to meet user needs

d
Altruistic punishment refers to people who sacrifice their own interests to punish those who violate social norms.Third-party punishment is a type of altruistic punishment.Although the third party is not directly harmed by the violation, it is willing to pay the price to punish those who violate the social norms.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are punished by third parties:
A.Too much help, but too little help
B.If anyone offends me, I will offend
C.tooth for tooth, eye for an eye
D.Seeing uneven roads, helping each other

b
Mass communication refers to specialized media organizations that carry out large-scale information dissemination activities to audiences through certain media under the management of the state.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of mass communication:
A.A newspaper published the latest spread of an infectious disease
B.A radio station opened a rule of law hotline to accept audience consultation
C.A news channel broadcasts the foreign affairs activities of national leaders
D.A city government website has a citizen column to answer citizens' questions about people's livelihood

b
Difficult reasoning is the reasoning that consists of two hypothetical judgments and one alternative judgment.The hypothetical judgment is to determine the existence of one thing (called the antecedent) and the existence of another thing (called the latter).Conditional judgment.Election judgment is a judgment in which at least one of the several possible situations exists.Difficult reasoning is to use positive judgment to affirm or negate a hypothetical judgment, thereby affirming or negating a hypothetical judgment.A form of reasoning for the presence or absence of a successor or antecedent.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not dilemmas:
A.If a tiger is stimulated, it will eat people; if it is not stimulated, it will also eat people, or to stimulate it, or not to stimulate it, so the tiger will always eat people
B.If there is heavy rain this afternoon, then the playground will collect water; if there is water in the playground, then the game will be postponed, so the game is not postponed today, so if the game is not postponed today, then there is no heavy rain this afternoon
C.If Zhang San is a murderer, then he has the time to commit the crime; if Zhang San is a murderer, then he has the motivation to commit the crime.Zhang San either has no time to commit the crime or has no motivation to commit the crime, so he is not a murderer
D.If the assault violates the law, it will be punished by the law; if the assault does not violate the law, it will be condemned by the public opinion.The assault or the violation of the law, or does not violate the law, so or Be punished by law, or condemned by public opinion

a
The government's purchase of services from social organizations is a new type of public service supply method that is common in the international community.The specific approach is for the government to introduce a market mechanism to take part in public services and social management matters directly to the public in a certain way.And procedures, to be borne by qualified social organizations, and pay fees to social organizations based on the quantity and quality of services.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are government purchases of services from social organizations:
A.In order to facilitate citizens' travel, a city's traffic management department rents an SMS platform of a telecommunications company to send reminders to the citizens on a regular basis.
B.A street recruits volunteers to the jurisdiction to assist the judicial authorities in carrying out community correction services for prisoners serving in the community
C.In order to protect the interests of farmers and the enthusiasm for planting grain, the State has entrusted China National Grain Reserve Corporation as the main body of the implementation of the market-supporting purchase policy and organized the state-owned grain depot to implement open purchases for rice farmers.
D.A municipal education committee has established a non-profit website for super teachers to answer primary and secondary school students' online learning questions, which has been well received by students and parents.An educational institution sponsored the expansion of this website to help more students.

c
Acculturation refers to the phenomenon of continuous contact between groups of different cultures, leading to changes in the original culture.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not acculturated:
A.In the twentieth century, jeans became fashionable to wear around the world
B.Historically Britain has pushed its rule of law culture and rule of law to its own colonies
C.In recent years, more and more foreigners are interested in Chinese culture and have come to China to learn Chinese
D.Due to the long rule of the Roman Empire and the influence of Roman Catholicism in Britain, a large number of Latin words appeared in English vocabulary

d
Administrative litigation refers to a case where a citizen, legal person, or other organization believes that an administrative act carried out by a state administrative agency or an organization authorized by law or regulation violates its legal rights and interests.Review, in order to resolve administrative disputes in a specific scope.The third party in administrative proceedings refers to citizens, legal persons and other organizations that have an interest in the administrative action in which the lawsuit is filed, and thus participate in the ongoing administrative proceedings of others.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following judgments of the third party in administrative proceedings are correct:
A.A traffic police team becomes a defendant because of an illegal administration, then the captain of the traffic police team is the third party in administrative proceedings
B.A hurts C in order to avoid B, and C is brought to court, and B is the third party in the administrative proceedings
C.A hotel is not satisfied with the sanction decision of the health bureau, and the hotel owner is the third party in the administrative lawsuit
D.A hurts B, but if A does not accept the lawsuit against the punishment decision of the Public Security Bureau, then B becomes the third party in the administrative lawsuit

a
In the impression that biofuel is a renewable green energy source, and the latest published research results have subverted this traditional impression.Researchers have found that biofuel may be converted into acetaldehyde due to its incomplete combustion.In addition, it pollutes the air, and this pollution will cause 1,400 premature deaths each year in country M.Therefore, some medical institutions in country M believe that the promotion of biofuels should be suspended at this stage to limit their use.
Which of the following, if true, would raise the most powerful questions about the opinions of medical staff.
A.At this stage, scientists from country M have developed new technologies to fully burn biofuels.
B.Pollution of other fuels currently being used in country M causes more than 3,000 premature deaths each year.
C.Traditional fuels such as petroleum have been improved in technology, and the pollution caused by combustion has been greatly reduced.
D.Scientists predict that with the advancement of research work, new biofuels will not produce acetaldehyde in 5 years.

b
According to statistics from the health department of a country, the obesity rate of children from poor families is nearly double that of children from rich families.According to data released by the government in December 2012, more than 24.3% of children from 11 years old in the country Of people have a problem of overweight, and the obese rate of children of the same age in rich families is only 13.7%.Therefore, experts believe that the poorer the family, the more likely it is that children will overweight.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Poor families generally choose to buy ingredients at cheap supermarkets.
B.Poor households often eat low-priced but high-calorie foods.
C.Children from poor families and children from rich families prefer different sports.
D.Children from poor families and children from rich families often attend different schools.

d
Dr.Francis H.Rauscher demonstrated the connection between music and learning through experiments in 1993.Appreciation of music can improve IQ and thus promote learning, a phenomenon called Mozart phenomenon.
Which of the following, if true, can weaken the above view?
A.Music has a greater impact on a person's character than IQ.
B.Experts who study music are no better than experts in other fields.
C.The perseverance required to learn music is the personality traits required in any study.
D.The short-term improvement in IQ after listening to Mozart's work did not last until the end of the experiment.

b
A follow-up survey of 37,000 men in a country between the ages of 49 and 75 found that nearly 2,000 of these men had suffered a stroke in 10 years.People who don't consume chocolate have a much lower risk of stroke.Researchers speculate that regular consumption of chocolate can reduce the risk of stroke.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the researchers' speculation?
A.Chocolate contains flavonoids and it has a stroke prevention effect
B.The researchers' similar findings on women are basically consistent with the above findings
C.Research finds that regular consumption of chocolate cocoa regulates blood sugar levels in patients with hypoglycemia
D.In this survey, some of the men who have suffered a stroke have a habit of eating chocolate regularly

d
Research shows that proper rest can improve work efficiency.When completing a complex and difficult task, you can take proper rest and do simpler things.Continue to work later, which can improve work performance by 40% The CEO of the company applied this conclusion to the company, increasing the rest time of employees, but the product performance did not increase, but it decreased significantly.
Which of the following, if true, would best explain the above contradiction?
A.Some departments of the company do not strictly implement the boss's rest plan.
B.Some employees want to work during the break, and want to take a break when working.
C.The company's sales performance has been poor in recent times and there has been no significant growth.
D.The company's production is all assembly line operations, and employees do a single mechanical action.

b
In the past 50 years, the average life expectancy of a registered population in a city has increased by 38 years, reaching 82 years, the highest level in the country.At the same time, the overall morbidity and mortality of malignant tumors in the city have also increased year by year.2 / 3-3 / 4 of developed countries and regions.It is at a medium level worldwide and at a high level across the country.
From this we can infer:
A At present, the city's treatment level for malignant tumors is the highest in the country.
the overall morbidity and mortality of malignant tumors in this city are actually lower than those in developed countries in Europe and America
C.The overall morbidity and mortality of malignant tumors in the city has increased year by year, but such diseases are not the main cause of death in the current population of the city.
If the incidence of the main diseases that caused the death of the city's population 50 years ago is not currently reduced, then the level of treatment of these diseases must have improved in 50 years.

d
German business refers to a person's personality and moral qualities.Its content includes thoughts, respect, tolerance, tolerance, honesty, responsibility, peace, loyalty, courtesy, and humor.
Which of the following are German businessmen:
A.Xiao Xu is good at seizing opportunities and has extraordinary courage and courage
B.Xiaoshi likes to challenge new things and has a desire to explore the world and others
C.Xiao Chen has strong adaptability to the environment and can survive in harsh environments
D.Xiao Wu can understand the suffering of others, consider the feelings of others, and care about others' lives

a
Social barriers refer to trade protection measures taken by a country under the pretext of the working environment and the right to life of workers in other countries in international trade.
Which of the following are social barriers
A.Country A considers that the employment of agricultural workers in Country B is serious, and therefore cancels trade orders with that country
B.Country A terminates the trade when it finds that a certain heavy metal content exceeds the limit in milk powder imported from country B
C.Country A was affected by the economic crisis, and a large number of domestic workers were unemployed.In order to create employment opportunities for workers, the government of Country A terminated its import trade with many countries.
D.Country A believes that the quality of the employees in the automobile manufacturing industry of Country B is low, which will affect the safety of the automobile, so it has cancelled the order to import cars from Country B.

b
Post-traumatic stress response refers to the sequelae of dysfunction of a person's psychological state after suffering or fighting major stress, but this phenomenon is a reasonable result after experiencing trauma, rather than the patient's psychological state is originally a problem.
Which of the following are not post-traumatic stress responses:
A.Xiao Wang often suffers from insomnia after becoming unsuccessful in successive interviews, becomes irritable, over-alert, amnesia and frightened
B.A veteran of World War II has a desolate night scene, his wife is shattered, and he was recently diagnosed with a serious life-threatening illness
C.In the Middle East, war-torn people are scared to hide when they talk about bombers flying around
D.Xiao Wu escaped from the earthquake.He was nervous when he heard the floor squeak, and was worried that he might fall and hit himself.

a
Statutory interest (zi) interest refers to which of the following is born from the original according to a certain legal relationship.It is the legal income that the owner of the original should obtain from specific civil legal activities such as leasing and investment.
Which of the following are statutory benefits
A.Dividends obtained by investing in Treasury bonds
B.Fruit from an orchard contracted by a farmer
C.Purebred dog breeds in pet stores
D.The money that A lent to B, B won 100,000 yuan in the lottery purchase

a
Empathy refers to being able to experience the situation of others in a personal way, and to have the feeling or understanding of others' emotions.
Which of the following are empathic
A.Don't do anything to others
B.Worry and worry before the world, joy and happiness after the world
C.The paper must come to an end, and you never know what to do
D.Old and old and young, young and young

c
None of the yoga instructors lives in Huaxingyuan Community, but some residents of Huaxingyuan Community are Taijiquan instructors.Most yoga instructors live in Huayuanyuan Community.
Can be inferred from this
A.Some Taijiquan instructors are yoga instructors
B.Huayuan Road Community is in Huaxingyuan Community
C.Some Taijiquan instructors are not yoga instructors
D.Most of the yoga instructors living in the Huayuan Road community

b
The maintenance of marriage is inseparable from the trust between the husband and wife.Trust is the basis for maintaining a stable and close relationship, but trust alone is not enough.It also needs to have common interests and hobbies.Two people can spend time together and experience the joy of life.And common interests are a necessary factor for a stable marriage.
From the above text, we can get
A.Couples who trust each other and share common interests will surely last
B.Marriage relationships with only common interests are definitely not stable
C.A happy and long-lasting marriage relationship means that both parties share common interests
D.A relationship based on trust and common interests is the ideal marriage relationship

c
Facial muscles are directly connected to the emotional control area of the brain, so facial expressions are a window of mood.By identifying facial expressions, body language and speaking tones at close range, anyone can recognize the lies of a liar.
Which of the following is true can challenge the above view
A.Even the most technological lie recognizer can't see through all lies
B.Real and unreal emotions enter the brain in different ways
C.Very few people are able to subconsciously control their facial expressions
D.If someone says he is sad, but his eyebrows are not pulled up, then his sadness is likely to be false.

a
In recent years, China's e-waste generation has grown rapidly, and if the problem of e-waste is not properly addressed, the goal of building an ecological civilization cannot be achieved.Therefore, it is necessary to take a multi-pronged approach to comprehensive management.In addition to cracking down on the smuggling of electronic waste imports, we must also vigorously promote technological innovation in the field of electronic waste dismantling and processing.If so, electronic waste will no longer be a source of headache-like pollution, but will become a "new mine" to fill the shortage.
From this we can infer:
A.Only by properly solving the problem of electronic waste can the goal of building an ecological civilization be achieved
B.If technological innovation in the field of e-waste dismantling and processing can be achieved, the problem of e-waste can be completely solved
C.If the producer responsibility extension system is established, they can minimize the amount of e-waste produced from the design.
D.If e-waste is still a headache source of pollution, it must be insufficient to crack down on the smuggling of e-waste imports

c
A recent U.S.study found that obesity is "socially contagious" and that it can be easily transmitted from one person to another, and that social ties affect the problem of obesity even more than the role of genes.Researchers believe that this is mainly due to Obese loved ones and friends have changed your standards for acceptable body weight, and you would consider their weight acceptable.
Which of the following is true is most likely to question the researcher's explanation
A.Obese people are more likely to make friends with obese people
B.The effect of genes on human obesity is actually uncertain
C.A person's eating habits are often influenced by family and friends
D.Many people are obese due to stress in modern society, overeating, etc.

d
A study found that a couple who are both right-handed had a left-handed child of only about 9.5%.If one of the parents is left-handed, the chance of the child being left-handed rises to 19.5%.If both parents are left-handed, Then the child is left-handed with a 26% chance.Therefore, researchers believe that the left and right-hand use habits are genetically affected.
Which of the following is true can weaken the above view:
A.For most animals, the use of a certain side limb seems to be random
B.Different left-handed usage habits are likely to bring different talents to different people
C.It is found that once the child develops the habit of using the left or right hand, it is difficult to change it
D.A study of twins found that 50% of twins are left-handed and one is right-handed

a
An international organization's research report on multilateral agreements states that multilateral agreements will significantly reduce trade costs by reducing the red tape of international trade.Among them, the trade costs of developed countries will be reduced by 10%, and the trade costs of developing countries will be reduced by 13%-15.5 %, And each 1% reduction in global trade costs will bring more than $ 4 billion in revenue to the global economy.The organization's analysis believes that the signing of multilateral agreements has greatly promoted the development of the global economy.
Which of the following is true is most likely to question the organization's analysis:
A.Multilateral agreements signed have not been implemented in most countries
B.After the signing of the agreement, the global trade volume has not changed significantly in the near future.
C.Global trade costs are not known from the trade costs of developed and developing countries
D.Inconsistencies in the reduction in trade costs between developing and developed countries will affect the reduction in global trade costs

d
A.B, C, D, and P.Five of them, two of them are majors in English education, two are business English majors, and one is an English translation major.Two of the five have found a job, and their majors are different.
From this we can infer:
A.Among the five people who did not find a job came from different professions
B.At least one of the five business English majors who did not find a job
C.Among the five people who have found a job, there must be a professional in business English
D.Those who haven't found a job among the D five must have an English education major

b
The first-effect effect is that in the process of social cognition, the information entered first by the individual through the first impression has a significant effect on the subsequent cognition of the object.The first impression has the strongest effect and lasts for a longer time, which is longer than later.Of information has a stronger effect on the overall impression of things.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following causal effects have not played a role:
A.financial industry practitioners, usually in dark suits, give a professional and rigorous impression
B.Zhang Zhang performed well in the interview.Later, the company's human resources department found that there was a typo in Xiao Zhang's resume and cancelled his plan to hire him.
C.Mr.Wang, who has been standing for a long time, has been blind to each other without results.According to Miss Jin, who has had a personal relationship with him, Mr.Wang's "me-centred" exaggeration makes her very disgusted.
D.Xiao Zhang, who just graduated, repeatedly encountered obstacles in the process of finding a job.After consulting professionals, she learned that because she had red hair, she felt immature and stable.

b
Since 2002, China's divorce rate has been rising all the way.Experts say that the reason for the rise in our country's divorce rate cannot be simply explained as a bad social climate.On the one hand, it is related to the low level of the overall divorce rate; on the other hand, it is also related to Chinese society Changes in all aspects are related to changes in public opinion environment and social concepts.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the expert opinion?
A.According to statistics, among the many divorcees, the proportion of young people is increasing
B.Statistics show that the equal status of men and women, and the awakening of personal self-awareness are the main reasons for the rise in the divorce rate in China
C.The city with the highest divorce rate in China in 2015 was Beijing, followed by Shanghai, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Xiamen and other cities.
D.The reason for the rise in the divorce rate in China is actually very complicated.In addition to the influence of the social atmosphere, it also involves emotional factors.

c
Professional identity refers to an individual's positive evaluation of the profession they are engaged in.
According to the above definition, Which of the following persons have a professional identity:
A.Xiaowang, a soldier, he is always proud of his good football
B.Xiao Liu, a company clerk, has been praised by his boss, Zhou, for his secretary's work well.
C.Xiaowei, a college student, is preparing to return to a remote hometown to teach after graduating from college, because he feels that the profession of a teacher is great
D.Option is missing, soliciting

d
One day, the management staff of an elderly service center arranged activities for the elderly: In the morning, male seniors who were retired in the service center practised Tai Chi, and female elderly participated in choral exercises; after the lunch break, the physically weak elderly arranged indoor activities and had greater physical strength.Of seniors outdoors.
which of the following can be inferred from this is:
A.Mother-in-law, Zhang, who was retired at the center, was indoors after lunch.
B.Male seniors not retired at the center practice Tai Chi in the morning
C.Older male seniors at the center cannot be outdoors after the lunch break
D.Some elderly people who are retired at the center may not participate in any activities

d
Some military experts said that the landing of the X-47B drone is a milestone in the development of unmanned aviation, which has intensified competition that is currently sweeping the global revolution in military robotics.
Which of the following, if true, does not support this view?
A.Some organizations currently use robotics for military purposes
B.Some countries may overtake world powers in military robotics
C.A country strengthens the development of military robot technology and deploys UAV patrol borders
D.Many internet companies are focusing on developing robots for daily use by consumers

b
Axiom refers to the basic self-evident basic facts that have been tested by humans over a long period of time without the need to prove.The theorem is based on axioms and assumptions and is obtained through strict reasoning and proof It can describe the internal relationship between things, the theorem has inherent rigor, and there cannot be logical contradictions.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following descriptions are axioms:
A.The sum of the internal angles of the triangle is 180 degrees
B.Has two straight lines after two points
C.The world is material, the material is moving
D.Which is not worth doing, it is not worth doing well

d
Internet tourism financial services refer to a new type of financial services in which the tourism industry relies on Internet tools to achieve financial financing, payment, and information intermediation.In the future, Internet tourism financial services will also have advantages.
Which of the following, if true, would best support this view?
A.As income increases, people are becoming more enthusiastic about travel
B.Only 8.6% of users have used tourism financial products
C.The proportion of Chinese online travel users aged 36 to 45 who choose travel financial services is higher
D.Tourism financial services have the advantages of wider user coverage, more convenient and efficient services

b
Implicit social cognition refers to a cognitive phenomenon in which the individual can not recall a certain past experience in the process of social cognition, but this experience still has a potential impact on the behavior and judgment of the individual.
According to the above definition, Which of the following behaviors are consistent with implicit social cognition:
A.A kind of brand kindergarten has a child abuse incident, and parents cannot believe that such an incident will occur.
B.Twenty-year-old Jiajia is very afraid of dogs, because she was scared by her dog when she was one and a half years old.
C.Xiaohui studied piano for six years, but had to give up because of his studies.At a banquet, he saw a piano playing a song.
D.Xiaowei saw an advertisement for a microwave oven in a shopping mall.She thought that the microwave oven was missing in her home.

c
If a certain brand of chemical fertilizer production enters the river, its wastewater discharge will cause red trout to not spawn, which will reduce the number of fish.A chemical factory built not far from the river produced this brand of chemical fertilizer.The number of ovulations of red trout raised by farmers in the watershed has dropped dramatically, so this chemical plant must have polluted the river water when producing fertilizer.
Which of the following reasoning errors is most similar to the above reasoning?
A.Malnutrition is easy to get sick.Lee is very fat but he has no malnutrition after checking various indicators, so he is definitely not easy to get sick.
B.Severe insomnia often stays up late, Zhang is a university teacher and often stays up to work until two o'clock, so Zhang is likely to be a severe insomniac
C.People who test positive for Helicobacter pylori will get stomach ulcers, and Zhang will have stomach ulcer disease, so Zhang must be positive for H.pylori
D.People who eat fatty meat can cause an increase in the incidence of cardiovascular disease.Recently, Pharaoh went out to eat twice and ate meat twice.He gained weight and must have a heart disease.

a
Ecological compensation is a subsidy for damage to ecological functions and quality in economic and social development.Its purpose is to improve the environmental quality of damaged areas or to create new areas with similar ecological functions and environmental quality.In principle, compensation is applied to whoever breaks.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are ecological compensation:
A.A construction company destroys 1 hectare of forest in Site A and recreates 1 hectare of forest in Site B
B.In order to expand the potato planting area, Zhang rented 20 acres of cultivated land for neighbors.After negotiation, the rental fee was 20,000 yuan per year.
C.Shandong Province awards bonuses based on the ambient air quality of each city, of which Liaocheng has the highest air quality assessment score, winning 9.5 million yuan
D.Lee illegally occupied 5 acres of basic farmland and was sentenced to 1 year and 6 months in prison for illegally occupying agricultural land and fined RMB 15,000.

c
The growth rate of small-headed sleeping sharks in the northern Arctic Ocean is very slow, even less than 1 cm per year, and their adult body length is extremely large, so its life span has become a very attractive topic.Researchers found that small-headed sleeping Sharks have few tissues that can be used to determine age, as do teleost fish, but others have used eyes when studying the age of whales, so researchers believe that the age of a small-headed sleeping shark can be determined by its eyes.
Which of the following, if true, would best support this view?
A.By studying the lens nucleus, someone has measured the actual age of a whale
B.The lens nucleus at the most core position of the eye lens is present when the small-headed sleeping shark is a cub
C.The lens of the eye is constantly growing, the lens of the growing small-headed sleeping shark is larger than that of the young
D.The lens of the small head sleeping shark has crystalline protein, which is not metabolically active, and can even be regarded as "dead" tissue

a
Experiential teaching method refers to in order to achieve the established teaching purpose in the teaching process, starting from the teaching needs, introducing, creating or creating specific scenes or atmospheres that are suitable for the teaching content, in order to arouse the emotional experience of students and help students quickly and correctly A teaching method to understand the teaching content and promote the comprehensive and harmonious development of their psychological functions.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not used experiential teaching methods:
A.In the criminal law classroom, the student plays a case analysis as a teacher
B.In mock court, students act as lawyers to conduct direct and cross-examination of witnesses
C.In the legal clinic of students meet directly with the client, and the teacher guides and supervise the students through video
D.In the Civil Procedure Law class, teachers assign roles to students, acting as parties, lawyers, and judges

c
International economic law is a general term for international and domestic law that regulates the relationships that arise when countries, international organizations, legal persons, and natural persons engage in transnational economic interactions.
According to the above definition, Which of the following statements are wrong:
A.International economic law includes both international and domestic law
B.Transnational marriage relationships are not the object of international economic law adjustment
C.International economic law includes agreements between States on the delimitation of maritime territories
D.The subjects of cross-border economic interaction activities are countries, international organizations, legal persons and natural persons

a
According to China's criminal law, the crime of robbery refers to the use of violence, threat of violence, or other methods to obtain public and private property for the purpose of illegal possession.
According to the above definition, Which of the following acts do not constitute robbery:
A.Wang took away his backpack worth 10,000 yuan while Zhang was not ready
B.Hong injected the sleeping pill into a beverage can on the train and let Zhang drink it.He stole 10,000 yuan in cash while he was lethargic.
C.Li entered the house at night and stole 5,000 yuan in Zhang's clothes.Zhang was awakened, and Li fled with his belongings after threatening Zhang with a knife.
D.Zhang owed Liu a 5,000 yuan do n’t pay back, Liu lied to Zhang at home, intimidated Zhang to surrender his bank card and said the password.After Liu went to the bank to take away 10,000 yuan, Zhang was returned

d
The induced motion refers to the illusion of motion caused by the motion of an object that causes an adjacent stationary object to move.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are induced motions:
A.Light a candle in front of the blackboard and watch the candlelight to see the candlelight moving
B.Multiple pictures are successively presented at a certain spatial interval and time distance to form a movie
C.Look at a certain part of the waterfall and look at the surrounding trees.
D.When we look at the night sky, we see the moon moving, and the clouds are still.

a
After a company obtains foreign exchange borrowings from a bank or overseas, it does not directly use foreign exchange funds, but instead remits foreign exchange to the bank and obtains RMB funds for use.This phenomenon is called loan substitution.
According to the above definition, which of the following is a loan substitution?
A.After RMB appreciation, some companies have reduced RMB liabilities, increased foreign exchange liabilities, and then invested in RMB
B.The domestic economy is overheating, and commercial banks are tight in issuing RMB loans.A trading company turned to foreign bank loans for financial reasons to obtain foreign currency funds
C.Wang Ming felt that the RMB interest rate was higher than the US dollar, so he applied for a US dollar loan and then remitted the foreign exchange to the bank to obtain RMB funds.
D.Xiaoyu went to the bank to exchange some foreign currency after travelling abroad.After going abroad, he used a credit card to settle and returned to pay in Renminbi.

d
Lean production is a technology that minimizes waste and reduces inventory and shortens the production cycle through changes in system structure, personnel organization, operation methods, and market supply and demand.The ultimate goal is to optimize the overall process through low-cost processes., Balanced logistics, efficient use of resources, elimination of all inventory and waste, to achieve the purpose of providing customers with the most perfect value with the least investment.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are lean production:
A.In order to seize the market, Company A keeps improving space utilization
B.Company B invested a lot of money to shorten its production cycle
C.Company C's strong supply system ensures that it can meet customers at any time
D.Ding company fully utilizes its own advantages to establish an ultra-fast logistics system

a
People often face choices in social life, either choosing opportunities with low risks and low rewards, or choosing opportunities with high risks and high rewards.Are they risky in the case of individual decisions or rich in the case of group decisions? Risky? Studies have shown that groups are more adventurous than individuals, and groups tend to be more profitable but less successful.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above findings?
A.In group decision-making, people tend to be more inclined to one extreme than individual decisions, thus deviating from the best decision
B.Individuals will compare their opinions with other members of the group, and because they want to be accepted and loved by other group members, individuals often follow the general opinions of the group
C.In group decision-making, it is very likely that individuals or subgroups will express their opinions and make decisions, so that group decisions are controlled by individuals or subgroups.
D.Group decision-making is conducive to making full use of the different educational levels, experiences and backgrounds of their members, and their extensive participation is conducive to the scientific nature of the highest decision-making

d
Recently, an image taken by the Mars rover in the Galle crater found that the ancient soil in the Mars crater has soil samples similar to the earth's soil crack profile.Usually, such soils exist in the dry valleys of Antarctica and the Atacama Desert of Chile.There may be life on Mars in ancient times.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.There are soil masses in the earth's desert soil, with a porous hollow structure and a high sulfate concentration, this feature is not obvious in the Martian soil layer
B.Analysis of chemical substances shows that the chemical weathering process of soil in the crater and the loss of olivine ore in clay sediments are close to the condition of the earth's soil
C.These Martian ancient soil samples only indicate that Mars may have been warm and humid in its early days, when the environment was more habitable than it is today
D.Phosphorus loss in the soil crack profile is particularly noticeable, as this phenomenon also exists in earth soil due to microbial activity

c
International engineering generally refers to those projects that are provided by foreign governments or international organizations and that implement part or all of transnational operations in the areas of consulting design, construction, equipment and materials procurement, and labor service supply.International engineering operations are internationally complex and commercial.Transaction activities are closely related to international politics, economic environment and form.Changes in the environment and markets will seriously affect the success or failure of related international engineering business.Some people believe that the current international engineering project management system in China has not yet met the requirements.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above conclusion?
A.Compared with other developed countries, China has a relatively low level of academic activities in international project management.
B.At the current stage, the construction market has a high level of recognition in terms of overall project contracting, and a high level of market recognition
C.Most departments that carry out project management at this stage have sound operating mechanisms
D.Project control-related departments have a higher degree of specialization in project management

b
Supply-side reform is to improve the quality of supply, use structural reforms to advance structural adjustments, rectify distortions in the allocation of factors, expand effective supply, increase the adaptability and flexibility of supply structures to changes in demand, and increase total factors (labor, land, capital, (Innovation) survival rate, to better meet the needs of the broad masses of the people, and to promote sustainable and healthy economic and social development.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following do not meet the requirements of supply-side reform:
A.meets the corporate tax burden and improves corporate profits
B.Increase government investment and build various infrastructures
C.Promote the combination of industry, university and research to provide technical support for enterprises
D.Reform the household registration system and promote the movement of labor across regions and sectors.

b
Emotional management refers to a management method in which managers mobilize the enthusiasm of employees through their own image, behavior, and emotions.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of emotional management:
A.The director of the workshop never avoids the dirty work and always takes the lead
B.Although Manager Li likes to smoke, he never smokes in front of employees
C.On holidays, company leaders will give holiday condolences to employees.
D.The department manager chats with the employees, and the meal lets everyone speak freely

d
Positive reinforcement, also known as "positive reinforcement," refers to the process by which an individual makes a certain behavior or reflects a subsequent or simultaneous reward, thereby increasing the behavior or reflection intensity, probability, or speed.It can also be said that positive reinforcement is by increasing A favorite stimulus to increase the probability of an event.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are positive reinforcements:
A.Xiaoming thinks Uncle Astronaut on TV is cool, he is determined to study hard, and he will go to space when he grows up
B.Teacher inspires students to review their exams, and promises that students who have a score of 95 or above in mathematics may not do their homework.
C.In a middle school, students who use mobile phones in class are confiscated.After the implementation, almost no one dares to play mobile phones.
D.In order to encourage his son to study hard, Father D promised that if he could be admitted to the top three in the class, he would take him abroad to travel

d
"Urban and rural pollution transfer" refers to the behavior of an organization or an individual to transfer environmental pollution equipment, processes, technologies, products and other tangible or intangible pollutants from urban to rural areas during the economic development process.It has become one of the main reasons for the increasingly severe rural environmental situation.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as "urban and rural pollution transfer":
A.A city's cement plant has 100,000 tons of untreated industrial wastewater flowing through rivers in nearby villages every year.
B.The farmland of a certain town receives heavy metal residues from factories relocated from the urban area
C.In order to create the image of a green and civilized city, a city moved a heavily polluted steel plant to a nearby town
D.city built a reservoir to ensure urban water use, resulting in insufficient irrigation water for farmland irrigation in many villages downstream

b
C2C refers to the business activities between consumers and consumers using information network technology as a means and commodity exchange as the center.
According to the above definition, Which of the following activities are C2C:
A.A community points out the "used property replacement" service.
B.University student Xiao Li auctioned his old laptop on the Internet for 2,000 yuan.I didn't expect to buy a home that was his classmate Xiao Fang
C.Every graduation season, the flea market on the school square is extremely popular.The "sale" seniors and the "Taobao" students all take what they need and return with a full load.
D.When Xiaomei went shopping, he found a trench coat in a brand's clothing store, and he wrote down the information on the clothes tag.When he returned, he bought one from the brand's official website, saving a lot of money.

d
Silent behavior refers to the behavior of intentionally retaining your thoughts in order to avoid interpersonal conflicts, fear of retaliation, or maintain your own face in the face of hidden dangers in management systems or production activities.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are acts of silence:
A Xiaowang saw an obvious mistake in the plan of his colleague Xiao Zhao and did not point out.In the next evaluation with Xiao Zhao, the plan of Xiao Wang was approved.
B.Zhang La realizes that Xiao Ming's recent work hours have affected other people's work, but considering that he is his apprentice, Lao Zhang not only reports to the leader, but also argues with other complaining colleagues.
C Although Xiaoma has insights on how to improve customer satisfaction with the company's services, because the colleagues who spoke earlier have basically talked about this issue, Xiaoma has not continued to say
D.Although Xiao Liu had an idea at the new product development report meeting, considering that the idea was not yet mature, he rashly proposed that it might affect the work progress, so he did not express his opinion at the meeting.

a
Positive thinking refers to the way the brain develops thinking in a habitual, routine direction when dealing with problems, and thinks in a certain order, predictable, and stylized direction within a certain range.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not applied to positive thinking:
A.prince will be Xiangning kind
B.kind of melon, melon
C.Asaka does not go out, and evening sunset travels thousands of miles
D.Winter is here, can spring be far behind?

d
Reverse incentive refers to the phenomenon that the original intention of the policy design and the actual implementation effect are "contrary to which of the following is expected".Once the reverse incentive effect is triggered, it will not only worsen the status quo, damage the credit of policymakers, but also further strengthen the related negative consequences, which will eventually cause a vicious circle.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not inverse incentives:
A.In order to reverse the law and order problem, the United States issued a ban on alcohol in the last century, but the sales of alcohol have not fallen but have risen, and this has caused new crimes.
B.In order to rectify the rule of officials and strict judicial trials, Song Sect of the Song Dynasty ordered all officials who could find the wrong facts to be promoted to the next level.As a result, this measure became a weapon for the new and old officials to attack each other.
C.provides good material conditions for the child's growth, but it allows him to develop a vice of good and bad
D.Teacher helps shy students overcome stressful problems in the classroom by intentionally asking questions to shy students

b
Job burnout is an extreme reflection of an individual's inability to cope with work stress smoothly, and is the state of exhaustion of emotions, attitudes, and behaviors resulting from an individual's long-term stress experience.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of burnout:
A.Provincial Team athlete Xiao Wu worked hard for many years, but he has not won a prize since this year, his fighting spirit has been lost, and he is always listless during training.
B.Xiaoqiang graduated from his parents and was assigned to work in a family-owned company.Within a few days, he was tired.He was late and left early, looking for various reasons not to go to the company.
C.Mr.Li has brought senior high school students for many years, and was exhausted in order to improve the college entrance rate.He often suffered from insomnia near the college entrance examination and was prone to headaches.He blamed the students at every turn.
D.Nurse Wang has worked in the hospital for many years, often working overtime, and has to deal with various assessments near the end of the year.She has no energy to communicate with colleagues and has no previous enthusiasm for patients.

b
Mimicry refers to the fact that certain creatures have similar morphology to another creature or surrounding natural objects during the evolution process.This kind of similarity is high and it is almost difficult to distinguish.It can protect a species or two species.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options are mimetic:
A.Although dolphins, penguins, and band fish belong to cetaceans, birds, and fish, they have evolved into a streamlined body in order to adapt to marine life.
B.Polar bears live in the snow-capped North Pole.In order to cover themselves and prevent predators from being detected prematurely, their fur gradually becomes white similar to the surrounding environment.
C.big cock, common name baby fish, has lived on the earth for hundreds of millions of years.The scream when it is stimulated resembles the cry of a human baby, which makes people hear unbearable harm, and also has a deterrent effect on some predators.
D.Rhododendron will lay eggs that are exactly like the host eggs in the host's nest, and its chicks will squeeze the host chicks out of the nest shortly after hatching.

b
Some people think that "image" is a foreign word, which is a translation of English "image", and associates it with British and American Imagist poetry in the early 20th century.In fact, image is a concept and word inherent in ancient Chinese literary theory.Foreign things.
If the following items are true, the ones that can best prove the originality of "images" in China are:
A."Image" advocated by the British and American Imagism refers to the use of imagination, fantasy, and metaphor to form specific and distinctive poetic images that have different meanings from Chinese "images".
B.Many people advocate hiding all of their emotions behind the images, and the British and American Imagist poets who implied them through the images were actually deeply influenced by ancient Chinese poetry
C.The birth of Chinese ancient poetry is much earlier than that of British and American poetry.Chinese ancient legends are the source of inspiration for many British and American Imagist poets.
D.The image is mentioned in works such as Wen Xin Diao Long in the Southern Dynasty.It does not have a definite meaning and consistent usage.Some of the images in the meaning, some of the meaning and the image, and some are close to the art said today.Image

b
On May 4, 015, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation issued a document that the tobacco consumption tax was increased from 5% to 11%, and a specific tax was levied.Some experts believe that "tax-price linkage" will increase the price of cigarettes with the tax rate.When it is increased, the number of people who buy cigarettes will be reduced.From a tobacco control perspective, this is undoubtedly a good thing.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion:
A.If the output is not affected by the selling price
B.Increased income levels make people less sensitive to the price of cigarettes
C.The tobacco excise tax rate in most countries in the world is less than 11%
D.Some developed countries have experienced the proliferation of private cigarettes after increasing tobacco consumption taxes

c
Researchers performed group experiments on stroke survivors, and they asked one group of stroke survivors to exercise for 3 months outdoors under the supervision of researchers.The other group did not exercise, but received a therapeutic massage.After the conclusion, the researchers found that in the 6-minute test, the walking group walked farther than the massage group, and they could walk 17.6% more than the latter.The researchers believe that only moderately damaged stroke survivors More effective results can be obtained through simple and cheap exercises.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument:
A.The average age of the A walking group was 72 years, and the average age of the massage group was 65 years
B.Compared with the massage group, the improvement in physical fitness makes the stroke group survivors in the walking group have a higher quality of life
C.Stroke survivors in the C-walking group also took related treatment drugs, and the massage group stopped taking related drugs
D.Study proves better for stroke survivors with severe body damage

c
Local government intervention in the economy is not only manifested in direct economic growth through fiscal investment to promote economic growth, but also in the form of fiscal subsidies, tax incentives, credit incentives, and reduced cost of land and other factors to induce interference in investment decisions of enterprises.Close property rights and control are mainly in the hands of the government, which causes state-owned enterprises to often become a means for the government to intervene and regulate the economy.
If the following are true, the above conclusions are most supported:
A.There are both state-owned and private enterprises in industries with overcapacities such as steel, cement and electrolytic aluminum.
B.The top three companies in the B real estate industry are private enterprises, and most of them have enjoyed credit benefits.
C.The investment decisions of state-owned enterprises are usually directly guided and interfered by local governments.
D.Large and medium-sized state-owned enterprises have been selected as "key enterprises" by the government and enjoy tax and credit benefits

c
A firefly show is held in a scenic spot, which attracts a large number of visitors every day.After a few days, the number of fireflies in the scenic area has dropped sharply.The person in charge of the scenic spot believes that the uncivilized behavior of tourists has damaged the living environment of fireflies.
Which of the following, if true, can support the viewpoint of the person in charge of the scenic spot:
A.Fireflies have high requirements for the ecological environment
B.The uncivilized behavior of B tourists also exists in other scenic spots
C.The number of fireflies extinction has dropped sharply after regulating tourist behavior
D.The number of insects of the same type as D and fireflies is not greatly affected by tourists' behavior

b
Different names refer to different names for the same thing in different social groups, different regions or different times.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not synonyms:
A.Older generation is still used to calling matches "foreign fire"
B.Now, salespeople often call female customers "beauty"
C.In the Ming Dynasty, people generally called toads or pheasants.
D.The Sichuanese said that the sweet potato is actually the sweet potato that the Henanese said

a
There is a phenomenon in nature: when a plant grows alone, it looks short and monotonous, and when it grows with many similar plants, it has deep roots and is full of vitality.People interact with each other in the similar plant kingdom to promote each other.This phenomenon is called the "symbiotic effect".
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are most consistent with the symbiotic effect:
A.dormitory of a university, six students have high or low admission scores.Six people studied together in four days for four years, and finally they were admitted to graduate schools of key universities.
B.Living with a wolf, you can only learn to howl; contact with those good people, you will be well affected
C.In order to get rid of the limitations of self-employment, a brand has adopted a chain operation to expand its business scope, and its sales have greatly increased.
D.pro, villain, far away, so Han also fell

d
The Hawthorne effect is a situation in which effort or performance increases due to additional attention.
According to the above definition, Which of the following situations belong to the Hawthorne effect:
A.The president of an electrical company often "if you want, you can" to motivate the scientific research team to complete the idea
B.Xiao Wang, a junior high school student, declined his academic performance due to his addiction to games.The teacher severely criticized him.He was ashamed.
C.A company manager often emails new recruits to encourage employees to work hard
D.Math teachers often praised several students for their intelligence.

d
Social behavior patterns refer to behaviors that are created, recognized, or followed by most members of society.As a result of social interaction, once a social behavior pattern is formed, it is repetitive, stable, and conventional, coexisting with groups, and determined by individuals Behaving.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not social behavior patterns:
A.male farmer and female weaver
B.works at sunrise and dies at sunset
C.respects the old and the young
D.is more jade broken than tile full

c
Unintentional attention means that there is no predetermined purpose, no will effort, and involuntary attention to a certain thing.When unintentional attention, the direction and concentration of certain activities by psychological activities are caused by some subjective and objective conditions.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are not unintentional:
A.During the class, the students were suddenly attracted by the butterflies flying in the window.
B.hungry Xiaoming, saw the bread on the table as soon as he entered the room
C.Xiaohong dived into her homework and unknowingly passed a long time
D.People saw small red flowers at a glance on the green grass

c
Fission thinking refers to the fact that when thinking and solving problems, it is not restricted by known or ready-made methods, rules and categories, and radiates outward from the center of a problem to carry out multi-directional, multi-angle, multi-level thinking .
According to the above definition, Which of the following situations embody fission thinking:
A.researcher from a company designed and made a multifunctional stationery box, which contains most of the stationery used by students.
B.A slaughterhouse divides beef into fat and lean meat, and sells it into burdock, beef tendon, beef louver, beef tongue, etc.for sale
C.Sand fleas drilled out of the beach at high tide, foraging in the seawater, and drilled into the beach at low tide.Someone imitated the sound of sea tide at low tide, and caught a lot of sand fleas
D.The tide time is postponed 48 minutes a day backwards, and damselfishes are delayed by about 50 minutes a day to go to the sea for food, so they are always the first diners on the beach

b
The use of the name "disorderly" refers to arbitrarily changing the definition and scope of the conventional "name" (that is, the concept), which disturbs people's understanding of the "real" (that is, the objective thing itself).
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are "obscure by name":
A.robber is not homicide
B.horses don't all have four legs.Do you see hippocampus with legs?
C.has no so-called mountains and abyss, because the abyss on the plateau is higher than the mountains on the plain
D.I belong to this community, the green area of the community is public, and of course it is mine

d
The law of crocodile in economics comes from the recognition of a scenario: suppose a crocodile bites your foot, if you try to break free of your foot with your hand, the crocodile will bite your foot and hand at the same time.The more you struggle, the more you get bitten.So, in the event that a crocodile bites your foot, your only way is to sacrifice one foot.
According to the above definition, Which of the following practices are in compliance with the law of crocodile:
A.husband B has a serious mental illness.He often beats his wife A after being drunk, and then kneels to admit his mistake after waking up.A forgives B again and again.
B.Qin signed up for an exam training and found that the teacher was not doing well and the management was confusing, but considering that there is no refund treaty, he insisted on going to class every day
C.A has held a stock for a long time and quadrupled in two years.The recent trend has fluctuated.A decided to sell this stock.
D.Gao just registered a company, but as a result of national policy adjustments, the company's original investment direction could not be profitable, Gao decided to cancel the company

a
The ratchet effect refers to the irreversibility after the formation of human consumption habits, that is, it is easy to adjust upwards, but difficult to adjust downwards.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are consistent with the ratchet effect:
A.Mr.Zhao's business failed.After selling the company's assets and the real estate under his name, he still owed the bank more than 200,000 yuan, but for the convenience of travel, he did not use his own premium car to pay off the debt.
B.Lee did not tell anyone after buying the lottery to win the 5 million prize.He secretly deposited the money in the bank, and went to work, as usual, got off work, and worked more actively.
C.A wealthy Lao Zhu, frequented high-end consumer places, lived a life of money, quickly made ends meet, and returned to the previous state of life.Everyone sighed endlessly.
D.Wang, the old man came to the city from the countryside to bring his grandson, but he was reluctant to use the air conditioner because of the distressed electricity charges.He used an excuse to say that he was not used to the cold air from the air conditioner.

a
Subjective small quantity refers to the phenomenon expressed by some special words with a subjective color such as a small number, low degree or short time, which the speaker thinks, and the speaker's perception of the quantity, degree, time and quantity, The degree, the actual size or the height of time itself is not necessarily related.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not subjective small amounts:
A.Xiao Zhang said to Xiao Li: "The three of them didn't come to the party last time."
B.Manager B said to employee Xiao Gao: "You don't work hard enough.This week you only have to work overtime for two days."
C.Mother C said to her freshman son, "Hurry up, you have two years left to graduate."
D.The principal D said to the class teacher, "How is your class organized? Only 30 people went to voluntary labor."

a
Generally speaking, oil quality standards are formulated by the petrochemical industry, and environmental protection departments do not have the relevant oil quality supervision authority.Therefore, it is difficult for environmental protection departments to face the problems of large amounts of pollutant emissions and air pollution caused by urban traffic flow.Really take effective measures.
To reach the above conclusion, which of the following needs to be added as a premise?
A.Improved quality of A oil can effectively reduce vehicle pollutant emissions
B.oil quality improvement requires the petrochemical industry to improve the corresponding standards
C.The environmental protection department has the right to decide on the formulation of oil quality standards.
D.The current environmental protection department has weak supervision over the petrochemical industry

c
Can taking medicine improve a person's ability to recognize pitch? A recent foreign study has given a positive answer to this.The researchers divided the trial participants into two groups: the first group took valproic acid and the second group After taking a placebo, none of the participants in the trial received systematic music training, and found that in the recognition pitch test, the correct recognition rate of the first group was higher.Based on this, the researchers believe that drug treatment can improve People's ability to recognize pitch.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the researchers' conclusions?
A.There are more participants in the first group than in the second group
B.The average age of the participants in the first group is different from that in the second group
C.Participants in the first group of tests were better than those in the second group.
D.The proportion of parents in the first group of trials who are engaged in music work is higher

c
When a scientist researched the clay layer in the Late Cretaceous strata in the Gubbio region of Italy, he found that the content of trace element iridium has increased sharply by 30 to 160 times compared with strata in other periods.Samples from many locations around the world have found the same.Conclusion: The abnormally high iridium content in the formation in the late Cretaceous is indeed universal.Based on this, scientists have speculated that a huge asteroid hit the earth in the late Cretaceous, and the dust generated by the sky covered the sky, causing a huge change in the surface climate Which led to the demise of dinosaurs.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the scientists' speculation?
A.A asteroid is generally composed of silicon and iron elements.Huge asteroids land on the surface of the earth.Even after a long period of time, it is impossible to disappear.
B.Most of the rock formations in the late Cretaceous period are igneous rocks formed by lava cooling, while sedimentary rocks accumulated by the dust generated by the asteroid impacting the earth occupy only a small part of the surface
C.Ciridium exists not only in celestial bodies outside the earth, but also in the crust
D.The dinosaurs and dinosaur egg fossils that have been found all exist in the stratum below the clay layer rich in iridium.

a
The human body, like metal, will gradually "oxidize" in nature.Metal oxidation is such as iron yellow rust, copper patina, etc.The main culprit of human oxidation is not oxygen, but oxygen free radicals, which are a kind of extracellular nuclei.Active genes for electrons.This unpaired electron can easily cause chemical reactions, damage important biological molecules such as DNA.proteins, and lipids, and then affect the cell membrane transport process, impair the functions of various tissues and organs, and cause the body to age.
If the following are true, which of the following cannot be supported are the following:
A.Oxygen free radicals have the function of enhancing the phagocytosis of bacteria by white blood cells and inhibiting the proliferation of bacteria, which can enhance the body's ability to resist infection and immunity
B.Using 2-mercaptoethylamine, an oxygen free radical inhibitor, as a food additive, and using mice as experimental subjects, 2-mercaptoethylamine, which has a longer average lifespan, can make mice.
C.Natural antioxidant tea polyphenols can effectively inhibit the effect of oxygen free radicals.Fruit flies containing tea polyphenols have a significantly longer life span.
D.Oxygen free radicals can cause the release of human collagenase and hard elastase, causing excessive cross-linking and degradation of collagen and hard elastin in the skin, leading to loss of skin elasticity, cell aging, and wrinkles

c
Generally, victims of harming behaviors express their interests through legal channels, but if the system is unfair or invalid, it will trigger more social harm behaviors; not only the strong may further harm the vulnerable, but they may also Being harmed by the disadvantaged; the disadvantaged may also cause harm to other disadvantaged, causing "the bullying of the weak by the weak".In this way, the whole society will be permeated with anger, which will cause serious anxiety and daily life.Unhappy.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Only when the system is unfair or invalid, the strong will hurt the weak
B.If the system is unfair or invalid, the weak will hurt the strong
C.Only if the system is fair and effective can we prevent more social harm
D.If the system is fair and effective, it can bring peace and happiness to daily life

c
A large-scale survey found that compared with children born to men aged 20 to 24 years, children born to men over 45 years of age were 25 times more likely to suffer from bipolar disorder and 12 times more likely to suffer from attention disorder.The risk of autism is 3.5 times that of the former, and the risk of suicidal behavior or drug abuse is 2.5 times that of the former.From this, research experts have concluded that delayed childbearing in men has a greater negative effect on the mental health of children.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the conclusions of the above experts?
A.Most men who have delayed fertility mature late
B Women have less negative effects on childbearing than men
C.Children born under 45 have a lower risk of mental illness than men over 45
D If parents are over 40 years old, the risk of having unhealthy children is higher

a
Ultraviolet rays have a strong ability to reach the dermis layer, tanning the skin, which is very harmful to the skin.Even in the non-summer period, although the intensity of ultraviolet rays is still weak, it still exists, but it can easily cause skin injury due to long-term accumulation Melanin deposits, skin aging and sagging, etc.So beautiful women must apply sunscreen every day.
If the following are true, the above conclusions can be weakened most:
A.The amount of ultraviolet radiation in the room half a meter away from the window is about 40% outdoors, and it is attenuated to 15% outdoors at a distance of 1.5 meters from the window.
B.Sunscreen is generally required to be applied evenly and reapplied in time.If it is not used properly, even the products with a nominal high multiple of sun protection may not exert much protection.
C.Ultraviolet intensity is highest in April to September each year, and the weakest in winter
D.Most parasols have a certain degree of sun protection.An ordinary parasol can block 77% of UV rays, while a black parasol can block 99% of UV rays.

b
Recently, the development agency of the audio format MP3 stopped issuing MP3 licenses.Some people believe that the MP3 format has been officially "killed".In the audio file format, the MP3 format will be replaced by the AAC format and will exit the stage of history.
If the following are true, which of the following is most rebuttable is the following:
A.AAC does have better music quality than MP3, but the difference is only significant at low bit rates
B.AAC format is protected by patents, and AAC's market share is limited due to the need to pay royalties
C.MP3 format music files cannot be recognized and played in some emerging music players
D.The D.MP3 compression technology patent has recently expired, and the statement of the development agency merely declared the end of the licensing project

d
The Chinese alligator is a kind of crocodile unique to China, mainly distributed in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River.It is an ancient and very rare reptile.An existing crocodile can also find many characteristics of dinosaurs, often called "Living fossils".Therefore, the Chinese alligator is of great significance for people to study the rise and decline of ancient reptiles, and to study the evolution of paleogeology and organisms.
Which of the following, if true, is the prerequisite for the above argument?
A Alligator is one of the rarest reptiles in the world
B The age of the B alligator was about the same as that of the dinosaur.
C Few existing animals with dinosaur-like reptile characteristics
D Studying the characteristics of dinosaur reptiles is the key to studying the rise and fall of ancient reptiles

a
A.B, and C teach two of the six courses in Chinese, Mathematics, English, Physics, Chemistry, and Politics in a middle school.It is known that each course is only responsible for one of A.B, and C.The math teacher and the physics teacher are neighbors; A is the youngest of the three; C and the Chinese teacher and the physics teacher go home together; the Chinese teacher is older than the political teacher; at the weekend, the English teacher, the political teacher and A play ball together.
It can be seen that the courses taught by the three teachers are:
A teaches physics and chemistry, B teaches English and Chinese, and C teaches mathematics and politics
B A teaches mathematics and chemistry, B teaches politics and language, C teaches physics and English
C A teaches physics and English, B teaches chemistry and mathematics, C teaches language and politics
D A teaches English and chemistry, B teaches physics and language, C teaches mathematics and politics

d
Reactive dependence refers to the fact that during the communication process, both sides of the communication use the other's behavior as the basis for their own behavior and respond accordingly, instead of communicating according to the original plan.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are reactively dependent:
A.Xiao He plans to go abroad to study a Ph.D., and several schools have received admission notices.He repeatedly researched and sought the advice of his mentor to make a final decision.
B.Fang saw Huang's house through a real estate agent.After communicating with Huang, he found that the property right certificate of his house had not been obtained, so Fang decided to postpone the purchase.
C.Xiao Li signed up for the speech contest.After entering the preliminary round, she entered the rematch, but the rematch time and Xiao Li's foreign language exam conflicted, so Li changed her plan and chose to retire.
D.A company plans to implement a new assessment system.The heads of various departments hope to formulate them separately according to the situation of the department.Afterwards, the company decides to retain the original system and gradually adjust for individual circumstances.Each department agrees.

a
The concurrence of laws and regulations refers to the situation where one criminal act violates several inclusive criminal law provisions at the same time, and only one of them is convicted and sentenced according to law.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are lawful co-occurring offenders:
A.Wang drunk and injured three people
B.Zhang robbed and killed
C.Lee produces and sells millions of counterfeit medicines
D.Zhou organized multiple people to make fake currency

a
Non-operating income refers to various types of income recognized by the enterprise that are not directly related to the production and operation activities of the enterprise.This income is actually a pure income and is not generated by the consumption of operating capital of the enterprise.Relevant expenses are matched.In other words, all income other than the main business and other subsidiary businesses specified in the business license of the enterprise are considered non-operating income.
Based on the above definition, which of the following statements about non-operating income is incorrect?
A.Ticket income received by a tourist attraction service company is non-operating income
B.The policy subsidy obtained by a polymer material company from a high-paying technology company in the local government is non-operating income
C.The two companies A and B are cooperative enterprises.The latter company violates the relevant administrative regulations of the state and pays a certain amount of fines to company A in accordance with regulations.The fines belong to company A's non-operating income.
D.Company A purchases a batch of environmental protection equipment.After 5 years, these equipment will be disposed of and the corresponding scrapped money will be obtained.This amount deducts the book value of assets, cleaning up costs, and the net income after disposal of related taxes is non-operating income

d
Equity crowdfunding refers to the activity of innovative entrepreneurs or small and micro enterprises to publicly raise equity through the internet platform (internet website or other similar electronic media) of an equity crowdfunding intermediary.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are equity crowdfunding activities:
A.Yang, who is a business, has invested in a neighbor's entrepreneurial project for 150 million yuan and created an online shopping platform.
B.After a company is listed on the local equity trading market, it announces the company's targeted issuance of original shares and financing of 200 million yuan
C.Kong promoted a project through his own website, successfully attracted more than 40 people to invest, and raised more than 2 million yuan.
D.Zhao introduced 200,000 yuan in an online venture capital platform through an acquaintance, and became a shareholder of the company by obtaining 5% equity

c
Generally speaking, there are two types of expressions about the world, the first is an empirical expression, but it is true to make a statement about what the world looks like.The second is a normative expression, which makes about what the world should look like Expressions usually include value judgments, that is, making good or bad judgments or not.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following judgments are correct:
A."Raising the exchange rate will reduce inflation is wrong" is an empirical statement
B."Government legislation is correct to ban smoking in public places" is an empirical statement
C."The sharing of gasoline tax is too unfair for drivers" is the normative statement
D."If the government raises wine taxes, the benefits of wineries will decrease" is the normative statement

b
An unpaid contract refers to a contract in which one party only enjoys contract rights without paying any consideration.In other words, one party in the contract gives the other party some benefit, and the other party does not need to pay any price to obtain the benefit.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options are not free contracts:
A.Pharaoh has no children under his knee.He donated a property in his name to his nephew who has always taken care of him, and signed a gift contract with the other party.
B.He invited Li to work in his company and signed a contract with Li, promising that if Li worked in the company for 5 years, he would get 10% of the company's shares
C.Li Mou was going to study abroad for half a year, and he was unwilling to rent out the newly renovated house.Then he negotiated with his friend Wang and handed his house to Wang as his caretaker.
D.Huang lent his car to his colleague Zheng for use, and signed an agreement with Zheng to lent it to him for one year, without paying the user fee, but to return it as scheduled.

d
Recourse to ignorance refers to a fallacy that asserts that a proposition is true or false based on its ignorance.The formula is: A is true because A has not been proven false; or because A has not been proven True, so A is false.
According to the above definition, Which of the following arguments have been made to resort to ignorance:
A.Since the Bible says that God exists, then you cannot say that God does not exist
B.Since there is no sufficient evidence to prove that A is guilty, then A may be innocent
C.Since most people at the time believed in Ptolemy's geocentric theory, then Ptolemy's geocentric theory was correct
D.Since the ancient classics did not mention that there were temples near the place during the Yuan and Ming Dynasties, it means that there were no temples near the place at the time

b
The Poliana effect is based on the characters in the novel `` Girl Poliana '', which means that people generally agree with the positive descriptions given to them by others.The Barnum effect means that most people will easily believe A general, general personality description is particularly suitable for you.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options do not reflect the above effects:
A.Xiao Wang performed very well during the interview.Afterwards, the interviewer told him that he thought he had a strong ability to communicate and coordinate and solve problems.He felt that he was indeed like this.
B.A star has been very popular recently.Although there is some negative news, in the eyes of fans, he is kind and frank.He also clarified the facts on Weibo himself and hopes to get everyone's support.
C.Xiaoming saw the content of constellation personality analysis on the Internet.He felt that the descriptions such as "adaptability, full of vitality in life, and proper behavior in social circles" are very suitable for him.
D.The experimenter conducted a personality survey on a group of subjects, and then came up with two results for their judgment.In fact, one was the result written by the individual in advance, and the other was the average of the responses of the batch of participants.As a result, most of the participants believed that the latter expressed their personality characteristics more accurately.

d
Psychologist Maslow divides human needs into five categories from low to highs like a ladder, which are: physiological needs, safety needs, love and belonging needs, respect needs and self-actualization needs.Among them, respect needs belong to Higher-level needs are manifested in hopes of achievement, fame, status, promotion opportunities, or gaining recognition and respect from others.
Based on the above definitions, the need for respect is best reflected in:
A.Outside of work, Wang plays badminton with a good colleague
B.Zhang worked hard every day to make ends meet to make a living
C.Li bought personal accident insurance for himself and his family
D.Xiao Liu is very happy that he was named Outstanding Employee of the Year

c
Defect liability guarantee refers to that according to the law, when one party transfers property (or right) to the other party in a transaction, the property (or right) should be guaranteed to be free of defects.If the transferred property (or right) is defective, it should be Take corresponding responsibilities to the other party.
According to the above definition, among the following options, Company B does not need to assume the liability for a flawless guarantee:
A.Company A purchased four stainless steel water tanks from Company B.The latter tank burst.It was identified that the thickness of the steel plate of the water tank was thin and the welding quality was poor, which did not meet the requirements of national standards.
B.Company A and Company B signed an agreement.Company A paid 500,000 yuan to obtain 6 patented products of Company B.After the use of Company A.it was found that the copyright of one of the products belonged to Company C.
C.Company A and Company B signed an `` Equity Transfer Agreement '', which agreed that Company A would transfer the entire shareholding in its name to Company B.Shortly after the agreement was signed, Company B had a problem with its funds and applied for bankruptcy.
D.Company A leased the factory building of Company B to set up a chemical plant.After the house leaked, Company A arranged for worker Yang to replace the asbestos tiles on the roof.As a result, Yang suffered a sudden break from the height of the house and was injured during the replacement process.

d
A survey found that the incidence of cancer was higher in areas where milk consumption per capita was high, and the incidence of cancer was extremely low in areas where milk consumption per capita was low.Some people have concluded that drinking milk will cause cancer The rate goes up.
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the above conclusions?
A.Regions with a high incidence of cancer, relatively low incidence of other diseases
B.Milk has high calcium content, is well absorbed, and drinking milk before bed helps sleep
C.The regions with large per capita milk consumption in the survey also have relatively large populations
D.Residents in areas with a large per capita consumption of milk live longer, and the majority of people suffering from cancer are middle-aged and elderly

b
Hair follicle stem cells are cells that live in the hair follicles for a long time and produce hair for us.Hair follicle stem cells absorb glucose from the blood, and after metabolism, glucose becomes pyruvate.Some of these pyruvates are transported by the cells into mitochondria, and in mitochondria, pyruvate Further metabolism can provide energy for the cells.Another part of pyruvate will undergo subsequent changes in the cell to produce a new metabolite-lactic acid, which can activate hair follicle stem cells and make hair grow faster.According to this, some researchers It is thought that increasing lactic acid content through drugs can treat hair loss.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.The metabolic function of glucose is an important way for life to repair itself
B.Lactic acid provided by drugs can directly affect hair follicle stem cells
C.Artificially increasing lactic acid content will not have other effects on hair follicle stem cells
D.Reducing pyruvate into mitochondria can make hair follicle stem cells produce more lactic acid

d
The managers of a certain office all have a Ph.D., most of the Sichuan staff are not over 30 years old, and a small number of Sichuan staff have no PhD.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Some managers are over 30
B.Some managers are under 30
C.Some Sichuan staff are managers
D.Some Sichuan staff are not managers

c
Doctors caution people that smoking and drinking are harmful to health, but some scholars have found from statistics that some people who never smoke and drink according to customs have a life expectancy that is 5-10 years shorter than those who often smoke and drink.Therefore, scholars speculate that smoking Although drinking may damage lung and liver functions, it does not necessarily affect life expectancy.
Which of the following, if true, would best challenge the above view?
A.Smoking and drinking can make the brain euphoric, relieve stress and feel happy
B.The nations that have banned tobacco and alcohol according to customs have relatively simple diets and high calories.
C.Smoking and drinking are important causes of lung cancer and liver cancer, which are in the top two of the disease death spectrum
D.Tobacco and alcohol can stimulate the brain to secrete dopamine, let the organs of the body enter a relaxed state, and promote body repair

d
Cat feces contain Toxoplasma gondii, and cat owners may be infected with "Toxoplasmosis".The symptoms of this disease are similar to those of the flu.However, it is also fatal to a small number of people with low immunity, such as pregnant women.Statistics show that many pet-friendly Britons and Americans suffer from toxoplasmosis.Toxoplasmosis may also induce depression and anxiety by affecting dopamine secretion; suffering from toxoplasmosis may also exacerbate schizophrenia and two-way affective disorders symptom.
Based on the above description, Which of the following inferences are correct:
A.Cats do not have Toxoplasmosis
B.People who do n’t own cats do n’t get toxoplasmosis
C.Cats in pregnant women can cause fetal developmental abnormalities
D.Improper handling of cats can threaten the physical and mental health of cat owners

b
One of the problems facing scientists in reconstructing the atmospheric composition in the history of earth geology is the lack of available samples.In recent years, many people have paid attention to amber.They believe that compared with other organic materials, amber has been preserved in a long geological age.Chemical and isotopic information hardly changes, so it can be used to reveal the composition of the global atmosphere at different times.
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the above conclusions?
A.Because the form of living things is often kept inside amber, it can reflect the relationship between the ecological environment and living things at that time
B.Amber was mainly born in the Eocene century, about 40 to 60 million years ago.Amber was not formed in other years.
C.Amber is formed from the resin of the conifer family by pressure and heat.Due to the long time, it is very small.
D.The hardness of amber is low.If it is damaged due to improper handling and storage, it will affect the accuracy of isotope detection.

b
Indirect principal offenders, also known as indirect perpetrators, refer to the execution of crimes by using others as props, and the user realizes his criminal intention by using the instrumental behavior of the user.The user and the user do not constitute a joint crime.It includes the following two situations: one is the use of persons without criminal responsibility to commit crimes; the other is the use of other people's negligent or unknowing behavior to commit crimes.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts of A are indirect principals:
A.A picks up the relationship between B and C, causing B to be severely injured in the anger.A.B, and C are all persons with full criminal responsibility.
B.A instigates a mental patient.B slashes with a knife C.A.C is a person with full criminal responsibility, and B is a person without criminal responsibility.
C.Employee A sends Party B to beat Party C, who has been owed money, and promises to give it benefits, and Party B then hurts Party A.Party A.Party B, and Party C are all persons with full criminal responsibility.
D.A asks his under-aged child to sue C, and he does not expect that the facts fabricated by B are exactly the facts of C.A.C is a person with full criminal responsibility, and B is a person without criminal responsibility.

d
Non-taxable income refers to income that is specialized in a specific purpose, is not an economic benefit from a profit-making activity from the nature and root causes, does not bear tax obligations and is not a component of taxable income, such as fiscal appropriations, administrative undertakings Tax-exempt income; tax-exempt income is an important part of taxpayer's taxable income, but in order to achieve certain economic and social goals, the country provides tax concessions during certain periods or for economic benefits obtained by specific projects, and at a certain period, It is possible to resume taxable income.
According to the above definition, Which of the following statements are wrong:
A.In order to encourage independent innovation of high-tech enterprises, the government has stipulated that in the past two years, the sales income of research and development products of such enterprises will not be taxed temporarily, so the sales income of enterprises on research and development products is tax-free income.
B.An agricultural product enterprise has received a special financial subsidy from the local government for agricultural processed products, which is a non-taxable income
C.State regulations, if the annual net income of technology transfer income of an enterprise is less than 300,000 yuan, income tax is temporarily exempted, so this part of the income is tax-free income
D.To encourage taxpayers to actively purchase government bonds, the state stipulates that interest income from government bonds is not included in taxable income for the time being, and corporate income tax is not levied.Therefore, interest income from government bonds is non-taxable income

d
Information corruption refers to a violation of law and discipline by a person who has public power in his hand, borrows his own power to obtain certain special information, and then uses this monopoly information to engage in certain profit-making activities.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are related to information corruption:
A.A cadre of a bureau of the city government has bribed relevant personnel for personal promotion and has repeatedly modified personal file information
B.A law school professor used privately stolen qualification exam papers to tutor the students in order to make his graduate class into a brand.
C.Director Wang of the Provincial Department of Science and Technology went to work for a company after leaving office.He innovated a certain technology he researched and developed a new product with great market competitiveness for the company.
D.The deputy mayor of the Long District leaked confidential information such as the project bidding registration, performance requirements of the bidding company, and the method of winning the bid to a bidding company, and received more than 500,000 yuan from the company

c
Proactive suppression refers to the interference effect of the materials learned first on the materials learned and memorized later; Retroactive suppression refers to the interference effect of the materials learned later on the materials learned and memorized first.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options only include inverse suppression:
A.The middle paragraph is often the most difficult to remember when memorizing the text
B.People generally have the best memory in the morning and night
C.After learning the English alphabet, the previously learned Pinyin alphabet will be misread
D.After a head injury, I can't recall what happened before

d
Convergent evolution is a concept in genetics.It refers to the phenotypic similarity of different species in the evolution process due to adapting to similar environments.Converse evolution is the opposite, which means that the same species is evolving.In the process, due to adapting to different environments, there is a phenomenon of phenotypic differences.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are divergent evolutions:
A.Australian anteaters have a similar lifestyle compared to Asian pangolins, with similar physiological structures suitable for termites
B.Whales, dolphins, etc.have a long relationship with fishes.The former are mammals and the latter are fishes, but because they live in waters, they are similar in shape.
C.Moles living in temperate regions of Eurasia, golden retriever in southern Africa are far apart in classification, but their living environment and lifestyle are similar and their forms are similar
D.During the Pleistocene period, the glaciers separated a group of brown bears from the main group and developed into white polar bears that are consistent with the environmental color and good at hunting in the Arctic environment.Polar bears eat meat, while other brown bears use plants as their main food

d
Economic illiteracy refers to people who are sweating and confused by many economic terms.Their typical feature is easy to follow blindly.Experts say what they believe and lack independent thinking.They will continue to believe even if experts say something wrong.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are related to economic illiteracy:
A.An "expert" promotes "the mung bean cures all diseases" in his published book, causing the market to increase the price of mung beans
B.One entertainment star in a TV program said that low sodium salt has many benefits.The next day, some supermarkets were robbed of low sodium salt.
C.In order to pass a qualification test, Wang rote memorized many economic terms such as "marginal benefit", but he did not find that there were actually many errors in the review materials.
D.Xiao Wang was confused by the concepts of "floating profit and loss" in "Heavy Metal Raiders", but saw the profit prospects of heavy metals advertised in the book and quickly participated in the transaction

c
The mimic environment refers to the information environment formed by mass communication activities.It is not a mirror-like reproduction of the objective environment, but an environment that the mass media prompts people after restructuring through the selection, processing and reporting of news and information.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not involved in mimic environments:
A.Xiao Liu saw an article in a newspaper promoting the multiple health functions of an agricultural product, and he was convinced
B.Influenced by the slogan "New Generation Choice" of a product, young people are very agreeable and enthusiastic about buying this product
C.Xiao Li saw on the company's intranet forum that everyone said that his colleague Zhang had profound professional skills.After observation, he found that it was indeed the case.
D.A WeChat public account released a message saying that from January 1, 2016, a ride without a seat belt will result in a fine of 200 yuan.The traffic police department has come forward to deny this.

a
Psychologist research has found that students' attention generally changes with the teacher's lecture time.At the beginning of the lecture, the student's attention gradually increases, and the student's attention is maintained in an ideal state for a period of time.Began to spread.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.Teachers can get enough attention through proper arrangements
B.Individual students can always stay focused throughout the process
C.Interest is a key factor affecting concentration
D.People can fully concentrate for only seven seconds

b
It is a human weakness to be easily lost in a large amount of information.Those perfectionists who want to collect whether it is useful or useless, cannot analyze the information well.The key to overcome this is to develop Clear "goal consciousness", aim to collect the information you want as much as possible.In order to prevent subjective prejudice and pre-conceivedness, the two tasks of information collection and judgment must be separated.If the amount of information is huge, it will be performed twice or even more Inspection.
It can be inferred from this:
A.People who can't analyze information well are perfectionists
B.Develop a clear "goal consciousness" so that it is not easy to get lost in a large amount of information
C.Separating the two tasks of information collection and judgment can prevent subjective assumptions
D.If the amount of information is not large, there is no need to perform two or more tests

a
Infant characteristics can evoke the kindness and parenting of adults, and many animals have the characteristics and behaviours of human babies.Therefore, people are easily attracted to such animals and make them pets.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Many empty nest elderly like to keep pets
B.Big and fierce animals rarely become pets
C.Some families no longer have pets after having children
D.Parents like pets, and children like pets

d
A research team brought together more than 140 non-human primate brain mass data to study why primate brains are much larger than other vertebrates.In the study, researchers not only considered the primate's Social factors, such as population size, social system, mating system, etc., have also studied their dietary habits, that is, but they are also leaf-eating, fruit-eating, or omnivorous animals.Based on this, researchers believe that dietary habits are primates The main reason for large brain size.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Primates' dietary habits have an important effect on their body size
B.The idea that the social factors that have been widely accepted in the past to determine primate brain volume are only a hypothesis
C.Study results do not show a link between fruit or leaf intake and brain volume in the same primate
D.Of the more than 140 primates, the brain volume of fruit-eating animals is significantly larger than that of leaf-eating animals; the brain volume of omnivores is also larger than that of leaf-eating animals

b
Recently, animal experiments have found that adding a certain amount of bitter melon water extract to the normal diet can reduce hyperglycemia in type II diabetic mice.This is because bitter melon contains an insulin-like substance that can lower blood sugar.Some people According to this, people with type 2 diabetes eat more bitter melon to help lower blood sugar levels.
If one of the following is true, the above argument is most questioned?
A.Momordica charantia is low in sugar and has little effect on blood sugar
B.Momordica charantia contains very little water extract
C.Bitter melon water extract may cause a slight decrease in total serum protein
D.Bitter melon water extract has no significant effect on blood glucose in type I diabetic mice

c
In recent years, a genetic test for children's talent has become popular in the parent circle.The company that provides this test claims that they can obtain the children's genes through saliva, and can analyze which "features" children have, such as musical talents, mathematical talents, Communicative ability, long-distance running ability, anti-stress ability, etc., many parents have paid such tests for their children at high prices.They think that through this test, they can deliberately develop children's talents and potential, no longer need to try too much.Interest classes to tap children's specialities.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the parents' perspective?
A.Some teachers can also deliberately develop children's talents and potential based on their own experience
B.Compared with genetic testing for children's talents, obesity genes and cancer gene testing have a stronger scientific basis
C.Talents are the result of multi-gene co-regulation, and it is currently difficult to accurately define which genes affect which talents
D.Some businesses charge for whole-genome testing, but only one or a few genes are tested, and it is difficult for parents to distinguish

b
If a person is a wise man, then he must be a humble person; and a person can only be humble if he recognizes his deficiencies.However, if a person cannot listen to the opinions of others, then he will not realize Own deficiency.
It can be inferred from this:
A.A person is a wise man if he recognizes his deficiencies
B.A person is not a wise man if he cannot listen to the opinions of others
C.If a person listens to the opinions of others, he will realize his deficiencies
D.If a person does not recognize his own shortcomings, he must not listen to the opinions of others

c
Segment market refers to the market formed by dividing the market of a certain product according to geographical factors, demographic factors, psychological factors, and behavioral factors.Segment market pricing refers to the same product or service, which is determined in different market segments.Different prices.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are market segment pricing:
A.Carnations cost more on Mother's Day than other flowers
B.Haircuts in China are much less expensive than haircuts in the United States
C.The same fruit is much more expensive in Lhasa than in Wuhan
D.For the same item, the charge from Beijing to Tianjin is lower than from Beijing to Guangzhou

c
The interaction inhibition method is mainly to induce patients to slowly expose the situations that cause neurosis anxiety and fear, and to combat this anxiety mood through psychological relaxation, so as to achieve the purpose of eliminating anxiety or fear.Full irrigation therapy is to encourage patients to contact directly A rapid behavioral therapy that causes horror, anxiety, and persistence until the feeling of tension disappears.
Which of the following treatment processes for patients with phobia are those who use full irrigation therapy:
A.First try to show the patient a picture of the car, then get on a stopped car, then a slow car, and finally a fast car
B.Ask the patient to focus on the anxiety and fearful thinking activities.Whenever these ideas appear, ask the patient to loudly order themselves to "stop" so that these ideas disappear
C.Placing the patient in the back seat of the car and driving for several hours will make the patient anxious, and the fear will gradually weaken, until the patient is completely used to riding and no longer feels fear
D.Ask the patient to imagine that he is sitting in the back seat of a car, imagine a situation that produces less anxiety, and then adapt to a situation that produces a higher degree of anxiety, until the patient can remain relaxed in the most fearful situation

c
Continuous contrast refers to the phenomenon of color contrast and visual errors observed and felt by the human eye in different periods of time.Continuous contrast is divided into two types of positive afterimage and negative afterimage.Positive afterimage refers to the fact that after the visual stimulus of the object stops, the vision is still temporarily Preserve the visual state of the original object image.Negative afterimage means that after stopping the visual stimulus of the object, the vision still temporarily retains the complementary color with the original object (such as red and green, blue and orange, yellow and purple, etc.).Visual state.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are negative afterimages:
A.The static picture is continuously projected at 24 frames per second, and a dynamic picture will be formed in front of the eyes.
B.After staring at a red object, even if you remove the object, you will still feel red in front of you
C.After viewing red for a long time, when you quickly move your vision to white, you see not white but green
D.Red and yellow are matched, and the eyes sometimes feel red as a purple color, and sometimes yellow as a green color

b
Motivation is the cause of people's actions.It can evoke action and direct activities to certain goals.According to the source of motivation, it can be divided into internal motivation and external motivation.And satisfaction; extrinsic motivation refers to the purpose of the behavior in order to obtain other external results or avoid punishment.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following behaviors are most likely to manifest intrinsic motivation:
A.In order to maintain good health, Xiao Zhao insists on exercising
B.Zhang loves his profession very much and enjoys the process of teaching and educating people
C.Xiaofang took first place in the swimming competition and she is proud of herself
D.In order not to disappoint his parents, Xiao Ming studies very hard and strives for the ideal school

d
The subject is the subject that performs the action or action of the sentence, the predicate is a statement or description of the subject's action or state, and the object is the receiver of an action (verb).When the predicate part of a sentence contains two verbs (some (One is an adjective), and corresponds to two different subjects, that is, the object of the previous predicate is also the subject of the next predicate, which is equivalent to a verb-object structure and subject-predicate structure connected together, and there is no phonetic pause in it, which conforms to this format The sentence is called cum statement.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of the sentence:
A.Wind blows snowflakes
B.Inspection work by superiors
C.Father Yang, the chase
D.People cannot step into the same river twice

c
Digital home refers to computer technology and network technology as the basis.Electrical appliances communicate and exchange data through different interconnection methods to achieve interconnection and interconnection between appliances, so that people can more easily and quickly obtain information, thereby greatly improving humanity.Living comfort and entertainment.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not related to the digital home:
A.Xiao Wang controls the printer at home through the network to achieve remote printing
B.Xiaoli connects the projector to the laptop via Bluetooth to play movies at home
C.Xiao Liu uses the rice cooker appointment timer function to make the rice cooker automatically start work at the scheduled time
D.When Xiao Zhang is at work, he controls the TV at home through his mobile phone and records the sports program being broadcast live.

d
Recently, a research team successfully developed a semiconductor material with excellent energy-saving effects by using blue light-emitting diodes (LEDs) and produced a small semiconductor of about 1 mm square, which can stably transmit the 10 amps required during the use of home appliances.Electricity.If it is used in appliances such as air conditioners, it can save nearly 10% of power consumption.The research team believes that home appliances produced using this new type of semiconductor material will be more competitive in the market than traditional home appliances.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.This new semiconductor material can also be used in the production of electric vehicles in the future
B.The quality of household appliances claimed to be energy-saving is currently uneven in the market
C.Several well-known home appliances companies in the world have launched commercial research cooperation with the research group
D.The cost of household appliances produced with this new material is expected to reach a level similar to traditional household appliances in the future

a
Why are some people willing to participate in social activities and make friends, but some people can't avoid it? Some researchers have proposed that compared with others, the CD38 gene has a higher expression level, and people with specific mutations in the CD157 gene sequence are more likely to socialize.So these two genes affect people's social ability.However, some opponents have suggested that human's social ability is determined by the oxytocin located in the long arm 1 region of human chromosome 4, which can be synthesized by the brain of both men and women.A hormone that has an important effect on a person's social ability.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the opponent's point of view?
A.C.D.38 and C.D.157 genes control oxytocin secretion
B.The secretion of oxytocin affects people's empathy, trust and generosity, etc.
C.Which of the two genes mentioned above has a greater impact on human social ability is still uncertain
D.Whether gene expression can affect behavior depends to a large extent on the social environment in which people live

a
The fragments thrown after the collision of a pair of neutron stars not only synthesize stable elements such as gold and silver, but also synthesize a large number of radioactive elements.They will decay, fission, release a lot of energy, and heat the fragments themselves to make them glow.It is not as bright as a supernova, but it can reach about one thousand times the brightness of a new star, so it is called a thousand stars.In August 2017, astronomers first observed the gravitational waves emitted before and after the merger of a double neutron star, and found it about 10 hours later The phenomenon of neutron star fragments formed by the neutron star has completely confirmed the conjecture that neutron star mergers can synthesize a large number of heavy elements.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Supernova is brighter than nova
B.Gravitational waves can release a lot of energy
C.Thousands of stars contain large amounts of gold and silver
D.Heavy elements in the universe are produced by the collision of neutron stars

c
As a fuel cell, sugar bio battery can convert the chemical energy of sugar into electricity.Generally speaking, sugar bio battery can achieve 100% energy conversion, and its energy storage density is about, compared to that of lithium-ion battery.The energy storage density is.This means that sugar bio-batteries last at least 10 times longer than existing lithium-ion batteries of the same weight.Therefore, many researchers believe that sugar bio-batteries will effectively replace traditional lithium batteries.
Which of the following, if true, supports the above conclusion?
A.Sugar bio-cells are microbial fuel cells and cannot work at high temperatures, so they have stricter requirements on the production environment than traditional batteries
B.Sugar bio-batteries have high efficiency in converting electrical energy, but have low repeatability, while traditional lithium batteries can be repeatedly charged and discharged, so they can be used for a longer time.
C.Sugar bio batteries rely on human enzymes to carry out chemical reactions to generate electricity, while traditional lithium batteries use heavy metals as catalysts, so the former is more low-carbon and environmentally friendly.
D.At present, sugar bio-batteries are only used in power supply devices of artificial organs, while lithium batteries can be used not only for power supply of artificial organs, but also widely used for power supply of various electronic devices.

c
A research team recruited 53 healthy volunteers between the ages of 45 and 64 to participate in a two-year exercise program.It was found that volunteers' cardiac health indicators, especially left ventricular function, improved correspondingly.This is Because the left ventricle can pump oxygen-rich blood into the aorta to supply systemic organs.Lack of exercise and aging of the organs can weaken the left ventricular muscles.The research team believes that proper exercise can help reverse the damage caused by myocardial aging and reduce Heart attack risk.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.The younger you start exercising, the lower your risk of a heart attack
B.Appropriate exercise helps increase oxygen intake and enhance metabolic capacity
C.People with a history of heart disease have noticeably improved heart function after proper exercise
D.Most middle-aged and elderly people with left ventricular muscle sclerosis have insufficient daily exercise

c
Some people think that the older a person is, the more free radicals accumulated in the body, the more damage caused by oxidation, and eventually aging and death.Proanthocyanidins contained in grape seed extract can effectively remove free radicals in the body and protect the human body Cells and tissues are protected from oxidative damage by free radicals.Therefore, eating grape seed extract can prevent oxidation and prevent aging.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument?
A.Polyphenols contained in grape seed extract are easy to cause liver damage
B.Daily foods such as various vegetables and fruits also contain more antioxidants
C.There is no difference in free radical concentration in young, middle-aged and elderly people
D.Dismutase in the body will combine some free radicals to reduce the damage caused by its oxidation

b
Judging from the situation reported by the people, the level of people's livelihood services in various regions of our country has greatly improved.In the people's livelihood services, the concept of respect for people, understanding of people, caring for people, and relying on people will be set to "own the people" Transformed into "own by the people"; at the same time, a governance pattern of inclusive people's livelihood has been formed, allowing people's livelihood work to benefit millions of households.It can be seen that China's regional governance capacity and effectiveness have greatly improved.
Which of the following should be added as a prerequisite for the above argument to be established?
A.Precise service is the starting point for improving people's livelihood service level
B.People's livelihood service level is an important indicator of China's regional governance capacity and effectiveness
C.The improvement of regional governance capacity and effectiveness is an important part of the modernization of national governance system and governance capacity
D.The formation of the "own by the people" mechanism marks the government's shift from focusing on "management capabilities" to "governance capabilities"

c
There are large peat-rich wetlands in Ireland.Environmentalists have always opposed coal mining in wetland areas.Their reason is that mining peat can disrupt the ecological balance of Irish wetlands, and its direct serious consequence is to pollute water sources.However, this One worry is untenable.According to relevant statistics in the past 50 years, there have been no reports of water pollution caused by coal mining.
Which of the following, if true, is the best way to strengthen the argument? ?
A.Coal mining in Ireland's wetlands has been 200 years old, and water pollution has never been caused by it
B.In Ireland, the ecological environment of a coal-mined wetland is not substantially different from an unmined wetland
C.The ecological environment of coal mining wetlands in Ireland is not substantially different from that before mining
D.Ireland has sufficient technology and financial support to control pollution and protect ecology

d
A recently released survey report of the National Special Advisory Committee stated that after selecting a large number of research subjects for comparative experiments, it was found that the number of outstanding people in the celebrity family is 23 times that of the ordinary person family, so we can It is concluded that the credibility of humans is mainly determined by heredity.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.There is a common understanding in the American psychology community: one or two heredity is better than one ton of education.And it is true.
B."The family has no three generations of prosperity", can it be no longer outstanding and cannot avoid the historical law of the cycle of prosperity and decline
C.Outstanding performance in ordinary people's families is different from that in celebrity families, and additional rules are needed
D.A person's talent training, the degree of acquired education, and his growing environment have a strong positive correlation

d
Which of the following conclusions are all based on the employees' reimbursement documents received by various functional departments of Xidan Feizhou Commercial Building in 1998.After these comprehensive statistics were made, some functional departments received reimbursement documents submitted by employees.
Which of the following conclusions cannot be overturned by the new fact of reimbursement documents? ?
A.Only 14 employees in the supermarket department submitted reimbursement documents and reimbursed at least 8700 yuan
B.Only three employees of the public relations department have submitted reimbursement documents, and the total amount is not more than 2,600 yuan.
C.At least 8 employees in the logistics department have submitted reimbursement documents, and the total reimbursement is 5,234 yuan.
D.At least 4 employees in the accounting department paid reimbursement documents and reimbursed at least 2500 yuan

b
Smith: According to the International Regulations for the Protection of Rare Animals, hybrid animals are not subject to the protection of the Regulations.The objects of protection under the International Regulations for the Protection of Rare Animals include the red wolf.The latest genetic research findings have always been considered The red wolf, which is a purebred species, is actually a cross between a mountain dog and a gray wolf to regain it.Since the red wolf obviously needs protection, the regulations should be amended to make it also protect hybrid animals.Zhang Dazhong: Your opinion cannot be established.Because if the red wolf is indeed a hybrid of a mountain dog and a gray wolf, then even if the existing red wolf is extinct, it can still be retrieved through the cross between the mountain dog and the gray wolf.
Which of the following is most likely assumed by Zhang Dazhong's refutation?
A.Current techniques for identifying whether an animal is a hybrid are reliable
B.All existing hybrids are descendants of existing crossbreds
C.Mountain dogs and gray wolves are purebred species
D.International Rare Animal Protection Regulations have implemented well

a
The usual alpine response is caused by the lack of oxygen in the air at high altitudes.When the conditions of hypoxia change, the symptoms can quickly disappear.Acute cerebrovascular obstruction also has the symptoms of cerebral hypoxia, which can be life-threatening if not handled properly in time.Because the symptoms of acute cerebrovascular obstruction are similar to the general alpine response, the disease is particularly dangerous at high altitudes.
Which of the following is most likely assumed by the above argument?
A.The general alpine response and the medical treatment of acute cerebrovascular obstruction are different
B.Hypoxia at high altitudes may affect doctors' work and reduce their accuracy
C.Acute cerebrovascular obstruction will not be life-threatening if timely and properly treated
D.Lack of conditions for rescue and treatment of acute cerebrovascular obstruction in high altitude areas

d
A unit needs to select 20 blood donors out of 100 applicants for medical examinations.The people most likely to be selected are those who have donated blood since 1993, or those who have failed the blood donation medical examination since 1995.
If the above determination is true, which of the following applicants is most likely to be selected? ?
A.Xiao Zhang donated blood in 1995.His blood type is O type, which has the highest medical value.
B.Xiao Wang is a district blood donation pacesetter.In recent years, she has donated blood every year.This time, she resolutely requested blood donation.
C.Xiao Liu enrolled for blood donation in 1996.Because of the unsuccessful positive test of "Australian Antibodies", this time he issued a certificate of "Australian Antibodies" turning negative, and resolutely requested blood donation.
D.Da Chen's last blood donation was in 1992.He was amputated due to a public injury, and the blood of volunteer blood donors was flowing in the blood vessels.He said, I have more reasons to donate blood than anyone.

b
The male owner of 40% of the families in State A believes that as long as there are preschool children in the family, the wife should not go out to work and stay at home to take care of the children.The male owner of 80% of the families in State B does not think so, they think that the wife Working abroad reflects men's respect for women's rights.According to the survey, one in every two families in Country A has preschool children in it; and two in every three families in Country B have preschool children.
If the above assertion is true, which of the following must be true? ?
More children in country A.than country B
B.The lack of sufficient conditions in the task to make a deterministic comparison of the support rates of husbands of countries A and B for their wives with preschool children who go to work
Husbands from C.A have a lower support rate for their wives with preschool children to work abroad than husbands from B
D.B ’s husbands ’support rate for their wives with preschool children is lower than that of A ’s husbands

c
Zhongxing Group will recruit 20 employees who directly participate in middle management.The people who are most unlikely to be recruited are those who have a college degree or below or have no management work experience at all; among those who may be recruited, they understand English Or knowing Japanese will greatly increase this possibility.
If the above determination is true, which of the following applicants is most likely to be selected? ?
A.Mr.Zhang is a 40-year-old with a technical secondary school education.He hasn't relaxed his studies after graduation.He went to the School of Economics and Management of Jingping University for half a year and learned a lot.Position
B.Ms.Wang is an associate professor in the School of Economics and Management, a master's degree, and has published a management monograph.Due to income considerations, she said that if she was recruited, she would immediately resign from her current position
C.Ms.Chen is a recent graduate of Economics and Trade University.During her internship at the school, she was a trainee manager of the mall business department.
D.Ms.Liu is an undergraduate graduate of the Foreign Languages Institute in 1995.After graduating, she worked as a foreign guide for half a year and a full-time translator for nearly two years.She is fluent in English and Japanese

b
If someone agrees to act as a mediator between the two parties to the conflict, then he must waive the right to defend either party after the fact, because defending one party after mediation is tantamount to pretending fairness is pretended.
Which of the following is the most emphasized in the above discussion?
A.The mediator must not have any opinion on the contradiction between the two parties to the dispute
B.You cannot be a good mediator if you can't maintain a fair attitude
C.The mediator must fully comply with the opinions of the two parties to the conflict,
D.If the mediator makes his bias public, he can defend one side of the argument

d
During the class, the teacher brought a piece of ore to let the three students A.B, and C identify.A said, "This is not iron or lead." B said, "This is not iron, but copper." C said: "This is not copper, but iron." The teacher concluded: "One of the three people made both judgments correctly; the other person made both judgments wrong, and one person made two judgments wrong."
Based on the above conditions, which of the following can be inferred to be true? ?
A.This ore is tin
B.This ore is copper
C.This ore is lead
D.This ore is iron

a
There is a confused judge who insists on convicting someone on the grounds that the person cannot prove that he is not guilty.
Which of the following is most similar to the judge's practice?
A.Goldbach's conjecture is true, that is, each even number greater than 6 can be expressed as the sum of two prime numbers.The reason is: no one can convince us that such an even number cannot be expressed as the sum of two prime numbers.
B.Some people insist on Ptolemy's "geocentric theory" on the grounds that Aristotle thinks so
C.Some people believe that the exact number of stars in the sky is 9 × 101,000.He said to those who disagree with this statement: "It is said that this was Einstein.Are you better than Einstein? Then why are you? Didn't invent relativity? Why don't you have Einstein's reputation? "
D.Some people say that Xiao Li is a misbehaving person.The reason is: his father is not a good thing.

a
George Bush and Dan Quill ran for U.S.President in 984, when people attacked Quill, saying his family had helped him squeeze into Indiana's National Guard to escape military service and combat in Vietnam.Retorted: "Dan Quill served in the National Guard, and his squad was vacant.Now, he has been harshly attacked by the patriots...Of course, he did not go to Vietnam, but neither did his squad.He was sent there.There are some facts that no one can obliterate: he did not escape to Canada, he did not burn the application card, and he certainly did not burn the American flag! "
Which of the following discussion methods are most similar to Bush's?
A.A company uses starch and brown sugar to make so-called "nutrition-enhancing agents".Many people have been deceived.Business executives have to seize it because it is a counterfeit medicine.No one killed anyone.You ca n’t believe that the nutritional booster ca n’t eat anyone.I ’ll eat it now and eat it.
B.A company manager said: "In the past, there was a saying that money relations were the dirtiest.In fact, in a sense, money relations were the purest and human relationships were the most complicated.I could n’t say what was dirty inside.So I do n’t borrow money with friends, and I never do business with friends.”
C.A graduate student said to the mentor, "Students with excellent academic performance study hard.If you want me to study hard, the best way is to give me all the courses."
D.You said "all swans are white" is not right, because black swans have been found long ago in Australia

d
In the National Games men's 10,000 meters competition, Shandong, Beijing, and Henan sent three athletes to participate.The first four sports enthusiasts together predicted the outcome of the game.A asserted: "The traditional strong team Shandong team is very solid.They are the three."B said:" According to my estimation, the rising team Beijing or Henan can enter the top three."C prediction:" If the first place is not Shandong team, Beijing team." Persist: "This year is very different from last year.The top three Shandong teams can occupy at most one seat." After the game, it was found that the prediction of only one of the four was correct.
Which of the following is most likely the result of the competition?
A.Shandong team first, Shandong team second, Shandong team third
B.First place Shandong team, second place Henan team, third place Beijing team
C.First place Beijing team, second place Shandong team, third place Henan team
D.Henan team first, Shandong team second, Shandong team third

d
Compared with those who do not participate in diving, people who often participate in diving are generally healthier.It can be seen that diving can exercise and improve physical health.
Which of the following most powerfully challenges the above argument?
A.No matter who participates in diving, it is to exercise and improve health
B.There are many ways to exercise and improve health, for example, participating in long-distance running, ball activities, swimming, etc.can exercise and improve health
C.Diving is a very dangerous sport.Every year, some people are injured in diving sports, and even some people are seriously injured.
D.Most people with poor health will not participate in some dangerous diving sports

c
In an increasingly developed society, obesity has become an annoying "social disease".Women love to be slim, men love to be chic, and bloated bodies, especially those with a big belly, can be very painful.In this case, looking for the cause of obesity and exploring the recipe for weight loss has become a "social trend".Recently, a social institution announced the results of a long-term social survey, which showed that in the 13 years after marriage, women have grown on average At 13 kilograms, men gained an average of 20 kilograms.The agency concluded that marriage can make people fat.
Which of the following, if true, is most likely to challenge the above conclusion?
A.If the survey time is 3 or 31 years, the weight of the surveyed person will be much smaller than the above increase.
B.In the 13 years after marriage, some of the men surveyed gained less than 20 kg in weight
C.Singles of the same age as those surveyed, women have grown an average of 16 kg in 13 years and men have grown an average of 25 kg
D.During the 13 years after marriage, some of the men surveyed had lost significant weight

d
Some TV commercials use the same ad phrase repeatedly to deepen the impression of the audience and let the audience remember the products they want to sell.In fact, this approach is unwise.Surveys have shown that several companies have done this for a long time Advertisers have recently fallen into a difficult situation and have a large backlog of products.It can be seen that the merchants have not only failed to achieve their intended goals, but have also produced negative effects.
Which of the following is true to best strengthen the above argument?
A.Although some TV viewers don't care about repeating the same slogan, many viewers feel that advertising is better to be more artistic
B.Because viewers are eager to watch the wonderful TV show after the advertisement, any advertisement will make the audience impatient
C.Although the Advertising Law does not prohibit the same advertising phrase from being repeated many times, businesses should consider the diverse feelings of different audiences
D.Repeated broadcasting of the same advertisement will cause boredom and even anger to TV viewers, which will have a strong aversion to the products that the merchant wants to sell.

b
In order to improve the combat effectiveness of future generations, Spartak people have to perform physical fitness tests on newborn babies.They place born babies in harsh natural environments such as ravines, water, and fields to test their vitality.Abandon those who are weak and can't stand the test, and leave those who are strong and viable.However, this method did not make the Spartak city-states last long, but declined before the hostile Athens.
Based on the above, which of the following is the most appropriate reason for Spartak's failure to select talents? ?
A.Newborn babies have good physical fitness, they may not necessarily be the strongest in combat when they grow up
B.Physiological quality is only part of a person's overall quality.
C.Talents are selected, but Spartak has too little population, so it is impossible to escape the failure of failure
D.Talent selection in Athens may be harsher than Spartak

d
The quality inspection section of a factory inspected the product quality of the five production teams, and the results were as follows: the qualified rate of the products in group D was higher than that in group C; there were more completely scrapped products in group B than in group E; The passing rate is the lowest; the passing rate of products in Group C and Group B is the same.
From this we can infer:
A.The qualified rate of products in group D and group E is the same
B.More products in Group A are completely scrapped
C.The highest product qualification rate of group D
D.The qualified rate of products in group B is lower than that in group D

c
Zhao, Qian, and Sun are identifying a piece of ore.Zhao said, "This is not iron or lead." Qian said, "This is not iron, but copper." Sun said, "This is not copper, but "Iron." It is known that one of them was right, one was wrong, and one was only half right.
Based on the above, which of the following is true?
A.This ore is a silver mine
B.This ore is copper
C.This mine is iron right
D.This ore is a lead mine

a
As the number of surgeons increases faster than the number of surgeries, and at the same time, as surgical treatment without surgery is increasingly replacing surgical procedures, the average annual surgery volume of each surgeon has decreased by 1/4 in recent years.It can be inferred that This trend continues, and surgical levels will drop significantly.
Which of the following assumptions is based on the above description?
A.Unless a surgeon performs surgery at a certain minimum rate, it is impossible for his surgeon to maintain his medical skill properly.
B.Surgeons spend most of their time working on medications that do not require surgery.
C.All doctors, especially surgeons, are receiving less training in medical schools and lack innovative methods of implementation.
D.Due to the cause of the disease, the medical level of each surgeon has decreased in recent years.

a
After the contract, the price of each reprint was increased from 0.20 yuan to 0.25 yuan.Some people reflected this situation to the competent department.The competent department notified the red light copy service company to either ensure the original price remains unchanged or terminate the contract Contract.The contractor has taken some measures that have neither reduced profits nor violated the requirements of the competent authority.
What are the most likely measures taken by the contractor?
A.The contractor maintained the original price of 0.20 yuan, but used copy paper with a lower purchase price.
B.The contractor stated the reason for the price increase to the competent authority, and caused the competent authority to take back the notice.
C.The contractor insists that the price of O.25 yuan remains unchanged, but uses higher-priced copy paper.
D.The contractor insists that the price of O.25 remains unchanged, but adds other businesses with lower fees.

b
After someone hears the words "money is like dung" and "friends are worth a thousand dollars," they feel there are logical problems because they can lead to the absurd conclusion of "friends like dung".
Since the conclusion of "friends like dung" cannot be established, it can be logically concluded that:
A.The term "money is like dung" is false.
B.If a friend is indeed worth thousands of dollars, then money is not like dung.
C.The saying "friends are worth a thousand dollars" is true.
D.The words "money as dung" and "friends worth thousands of dollars" are either true or false.

b
A court has the following four statements about a criminal case: ① there is evidence that Zhao Gang did not commit the crime; ② the perpetrator was either Zhao Gang, or Wang Qiang, or Li Ming; ③ there was also evidence that Wang Qiang did not commit the crime; ④ the television screen showed that the crime Li Ming was in the auditorium of a football game away from the scene of the crime.
Which of the following is a correct description of the four statements?
A.It can be inferred from the above statement that only one person committed the crime
B.At least one of the above statements is false.
C.It can be inferred from this statement that the evidence that Wang Qiang did not commit the crime is false.
D.Li Ming is definitely not in the audience of that football.

d
Zhao, Qian, Sun, and Li weighed more than anyone else.Known: Zhao and Qian weighed the same as Sun and Li.When Qian and Li were swapped, Zhao and Li weighed more than Qian.The weight of Sun, the weight of money is greater than that of Zhao, Sun.
If true, which of the following is true?
A.Money weighs the most
B.Zhao has the heaviest weight
C.Sun weighs most
D.Lee has the heaviest weight

a
Zhang Xiaomeng, Wang Bing, Li Ping, and Xu Xiaomei, the third-year seniors of Beishan No.1 Middle School, have entered the top eight of the school's badminton "torch cup" competition.The same grades of A.B, C, and D are arguing who is Can finally win the championship; A said: "Wang Bing, Li Ping is the most promising to win the championship." B said: "Wang Bing, Li Ping is impossible to win the championship." C said: "Zhang Xiaomeng is not in a good state of mind today, he must not win the championship."Ding said," Xu Xiaomei can get the gold medal."The result was unknown, and only one person guessed correctly.
Excuse me, who is the winner of the badminton "torch cup"?
A.Zhang Xiaomeng
B.Wang Bing
C.Li Ping
D.Xu Xiaomei

d
Dad asked Li Hai: "Don't you admit that you broke the flowerpot?"
An implicit premise of this sentence is:
A.Li Hai should not admit that he broke the flowerpot
B.Li Hai should admit that he broke the flowerpot
C.The flower pot is not broken by Li Hai
D.The flower pot was broken by Li Hai

c
A guesthouse reported the theft of 100,000 yuan in cash.After careful investigation, the public security personnel concluded that the front desk manager, Li, did.The director said: "This is impossible." Then, no matter how unlikely it seems, it must be true."
Which of the following, if true, is the most powerful argument for weakening public security personnel?
A.It is virtually impossible for a police officer to know his manager better than the director.
B.The basis for punishing illegal acts cannot be logical reasoning, but only evidence.
C.Public security personnel cannot exhaust all possibilities.
D.Lee is recognized as an excellent manager of the guest house.

b
Whether food supply and demand can be balanced depends on the speed of population and economic growth.On the one hand, population growth will lead to an increase in the demand for food; on the other hand, economic growth will promote the increase in consumption of livestock products and change the diet structure of people.Global cereal demand has an impact.
According to this:
A.Population growth will affect global cereal demand
B.Changing diets will reduce global cereal demand
C.Economic growth can reduce global cereal demand
D.Population growth will lead to an increase in world consumption of livestock products

a
An agency receives people to work in the agency from Monday to Friday.One clerk is arranged for the morning reception and the other clerk is arranged for the afternoon reception.The agency has five clerks R, S, T, U and V.It is based on the following conditions: (1) each clerk is arranged for reception work at least once a week; (2) a clerk cannot be arranged for reception work for two consecutive days in the same week; (3) T is never Arranged to do reception work in the morning; (4) V does reception work on Monday and Wednesday afternoons; (5) U never does reception work on the same day as S.For one week, T is arranged to do reception work only on Fridays
So which of the following must be correct?
A.R doing reception work on Tuesday
B.R doing reception work in early three
C.R doing reception work on Friday
D.U doing reception on Thursday

b
There are five sprinters A.B, C, D and E in the men's 100m final.On the stands, Zhao Ming and Qian Liang are predicting their rankings.Zhao Ming said that the rankings are E, D, C, A.B; Qian Liang said that the rankings are A.E, B, C, and D.The final results show that Zhao Ming did not guess the correct position of any athlete, nor did he guess the order relationship between any pair of adjacent athletes; Qian Liang Guessed the correct ranking of the two athletes, and guessed the order relationship between the two pairs of adjacent athletes.
According to this, the ranking of the five sprinters should be:
A.A.B, C, D, E
B.B, A.P, C, D
C.Ding, Wu, A.B, C
D.C, D, E, A.B

c
At present, college students generally lack the study and accumulation of traditional Chinese culture.According to a recent investigation by some universities and colleges under the State Education Commission, the number of college students who like Peking opera is only 14%.
Which of the following would weaken the above point most?
A.College students lack guidance on the appreciation of Peking opera art and do not know how to appreciate it.
B.Some college students like both Peking Opera and other aspects of traditional Chinese culture.
C.It is not the same thing to like Peking opera art and learns Chinese traditional culture.
D.14% is an indication that the potential for training college students to learn about the traditional culture is great.

c
According to a sample survey of 10,000 people who regularly surf the Internet, one-third of those who admit to feeling irritable and annoyed after going online have reached one third, while 44% of Internet fans under the age of 20 admit to feeling nervous and irritable after going online.Related experts believe There is indeed some kind of "Internet mania."
According to the above materials, which of the following is the least likely cause of "Internet Mania?"
A.Due to the sharp increase in the number of Internet users and congested channels, sometimes you need to wait a long time if you want to access a relatively busy website.
B.Internet users often search for the required information and information without knowing the website address, the probability of success is very small, and sometimes it takes time to get the expected results.
C.Although the use of the Internet is free in some countries, the online payment system is implemented in China, which has restricted the online time of Internet users.
D.A variety of information can be accessed on the Internet, but often too much information will make people confused, lose confidence, and lose personal attention.

b
Li Changjiang, Duan Huanghe, Zhang Zhujiang, and He Haihe participated in a mathematical competition at the same time.After the match, they predicted each other's ranking together.Li Changjiang said: "Zhang Zhujiang is the first, and my third." Duan Huanghe said: " "My first place is He Haihe fourth place." Zhang Zhujiang said, "He Haihe second place, my third place." He Haihe did not say anything.After the results were announced, they found that the predictions were only half right.
Can be launched from the above, the correct position of the competition is:
A.He Haihe first, the Yellow River second, Zhang Zhujiang third, Li Changjiang fourth
B.Section Yellow River first, He Haihe second, Li Changjiang third, Zhang Zhujiang fourth
C.Li Changjiang first, Zhang Zhukou second, Duan Huanghe third, He Haihe fourth
D.Zhang Zhujiang first, Li Changjiang second, He Haihe third, and Yellow river fourth

d
In judicial trials, the so-called affirmative misjudgment is to convict the innocent person as guilty, and the negative misjudgement is to convict the guilty person as innocent.Affirmative misjudgment is a so-called misjudgement, and negative misjudgement is a so-called error The fundamental principle of judicial fairness is "don't let go of a bad person, and don't injustice a good person." A jurist believes that at present, the measure of whether a court has implemented the principle of judicial fairness sufficiently in the handling of a case depends on its affirmation.Is the rate of sexual misjudgment low enough?
Which of the following, if true, would best strengthen the point of view of a jurist?
A.Misplaced, but the bad guys are misplaced; misjudgment, both misplaced bad guys and wrongdoers.
B.It is better to misjudge rather than misplace it, which is the reflection of "Left" thought in the judicial circle.
C.The loss caused by misplacement can be made up in most cases; the damage caused to the victim by wrong judgment is generally irreparable.
D.The rate of negative false positives is basically the same in all courts.

b
The purpose of shareholders to buy stocks is to make a profit.After the shareholders buy stocks, the stock price rises, it will be profitable, otherwise, it will lose money.Under normal circumstances, profits or losses should be thrown out to avoid those unexpected changes Loss caused.In the stock market, experienced shareholders often choose to buy and sell stocks with Zhuang tactics.That is, when the major shareholders buy, they also buy, and when the major shareholders throw out, they throw out.Because big Shareholders may have more information about listed companies and market conditions.These days, Texhong's stock has been falling, but major shareholders have been buying this stock in large quantities.
Which of the following facts best supports the prediction?
A.Tianhong's stock price will continue to fall, but the speed will slow down
B.Tianhong's stock price will rise sharply in the short term
C.Investors blindly follow Zhuang is not a good profit method
D.The recent large shareholder's misjudgment on the stock price changes of Texhong Company may cause huge economic losses

d
Some geologists believe that if the average oil reserves per unit area in the unexplored area of the earth can be the same as the explored area, then the current correct estimate of the energy content of the underground unexploited will, therefore, multiply by 10,000 times From this, it can be concluded that global oil demand can be met for at least the next five centuries, even if such demand is increasing every year.
In order for the above argument to be true, which of the following must be assumed? ?
A.The total area of unexplored areas on Earth is 10,000 times that of explored areas
B.For at least the next five centuries, the growth rate of the world's population will not exceed the growth rate of demand for oil
C.New technologies will make future exploration and extraction of oil more feasible than they are now
D.Petroleum stored in unexplored areas on Earth can be surveyed and extracted

c
The use of alcohol extracted from distilled malt residue as a substitute for gasoline entered the market, making the food market and the energy market an unprecedented direct connection.By 1995, the value of cereals as alcohol had exceeded the value of food.Western countries have or Alcohol extracted from cereals is being considered as a substitute for some imported oil.
If the above conclusion is true, for those western countries that have replaced some imported oil with alcohol extracted from grains, which of the following is most likely the consequence of the decline in the price of imported oil after 1995?
A.Some grains move from energy markets to food markets
B.Some grains move from food markets to energy markets
C.Cereal prices are under downward pressure
D.Cereal prices rise

a
A recent study pointed out: "Eating seabuckthorn fruit regularly is good for children's intellectual development." Researchers surveyed 560 children and found that children who regularly eat seabuckthorn fruit have a lower intelligence level than children who rarely eat seabuckthorn fruit Gao.Therefore, researchers have found a link between sea buckthorn fruits and children's intellectual development.
Which of the following, if true, is the least likely to weaken the above argument?
A.Studies of adults have found that people who eat sea buckthorn fruit daily have no higher intelligence levels than people who rarely eat sea buckthorn fruit
B.The survey shows that the price of seabuckthorn fruit is very high, and only children from rich families often eat it.At the same time, these families have the conditions to achieve children's early intellectual development.
C.The head of this child development study is a seabuckthorn fruit producer, whose purpose is to expand the sales channel of seabuckthorn fruit
D.Hippophae rhamnoides is food that children like, and parents often give seabuckthorn fruit as a gift to children with excellent intellectual performance.

a
Spending a child in a nursery in the first year after birth can cause anxiety.In our study, 464 children aged 12-13 years were tested by the Scenario Specific Test, which is intended to test The relationship between children's condition at the age of 1 and their attachment to their mothers.As a result: 41.5% of children who had been nursed in a nursery and 25.7% of children who had been nursed at home were considered nervous and overly attached to their mother.
Which of the following, if true, is least likely to challenge the inferences of the above studies?
A.Most children who are cared for at home in the first year after birth are cared for by grandparents or grandparents, and form a strong relationship
B.The host of this study was proven to have been left out of nursery aunts for too long in their early childhood
C.Another study of children's mothers found that because children show excessive attachment at home, parents want to send them to a nursery for correction
D.The children tested in the study were not randomly selected from both nursery and home care.Therefore, the families of these two sample children are likely to have systematic differences.

b
Wheat interplanted in a corn field may have wheat yellow leaf disease, which is caused by insufficient light.Once the light is sufficient, such as reducing the number of corn plants, or after the corn is harvested, the symptoms will soon disappear and will not It affects yield.Wheat rust is caused by Puccinia striiformis.If the disease is not properly dealt with at the beginning of the disease, the wheat plant will die quickly.Because the early symptoms of wheat rust and wheat yellow leaf disease are difficult to distinguish, Interplanting wheat in cornfields must pay great attention to the regular screening and prevention of wheat rust.
Which of the following is most likely assumed by the above argument?
A.Wheat yellow leaf disease does not induce wheat rust
B.Puccinia variabilis will not lose its invasiveness to wheat due to sufficient light
C.Wheat rust will not reduce wheat yield if it is timely and properly treated
D.Scientists have never found medicines that can effectively curb wheat rust

d
Aluminum is soluble in both acid and alkali, it is a trace element required for the human body to maintain the normal operation.According to tests, braised meat is stored in an aluminum pan overnight, and the content of aluminum in the meat can be as high as 120 mg per kilogram.Up to 250 mg.Aluminum is difficult to excrete from the body, and it is easy to cause premature aging and dementia.
From this, we can conclude?
A.The content of aluminum in the human body is easily exceeded
B.Braised pork cannot be eaten at night
C.Dementia is caused by excessive intake of aluminum
D.Aluminum is an essential element of the human body

d
Core technical capability is the ability of an enterprise to create a technology with its own characteristics through unique technical elements and skills or a unique combination of various elements and skills to generate scarce, non-imitable technical resources (including technology and knowledge, etc.).
According to the above definitions, which of the following is that does not belong to the core technical capabilities of the enterprise?
A.Google holds key technologies for web search
B.Microsoft has mastered the technology of operating system development
C.The original IBM company mastered the manufacturing technology of large supercomputers
D.Lenovo holds personal computer manufacturing technology

d
External diseconomy refers to the losses or extra costs brought by the economic activity subject to others in the process of production and consumption, and others have not been compensated for this.
Which of the following are externally uneconomic?
A.A new technology invention is used by others without receiving royalties
B.When the peach tree blossoms, pedestrians can enjoy the floral fragrance, but they do not pay the peach tree growers
C.Upstream residents planted a large number of trees, harvested their own timber and improved the water quality of downstream residents without charging a fee
D.Farmers use excessive pesticides to cause pollution, but they do not compensate the victims

b
Studies in brain science indicate that there is a "critical period" in the development of the human brain, that is, during the development of a person, a certain aspect develops fastest in a certain stage.For example, before the age of 3 is the "critical period" of the development of action The age of 1-3 is the "critical period" of language development, and the age of about 4 is the "critical period" of perceptual graphics.During this period, the brain has a strong ability to adapt and reorganize both structurally and functionally, and is vulnerable to Environmental influences, appropriate stimulation and experience during critical periods are important prerequisites for the normal development of exercise, sensation, language, and other brain functions.
Which of the following uses the "critical period" theory?
A.Wolf child returned to society at the age of 10 and learned simple language
B.Deaf children with congenital hearing loss received language rehabilitation training at the age of 2 and eventually learned to speak
C.The mother listens to music in the womb during pregnancy
D.A gymnastics champion has been considered a gift for gymnastics at the age of 3.

c
Tillage refers to the mechanical operation of soil to improve plant growth conditions before planting or during crop growth.There are three basic purposes of farming, 1) improving soil structure; 2) burying crop residues and organic fertilizers and Blend into the soil: 3) Remove weeds or other unwanted plants.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following?
A.Dig a Ditch in the Orchard
B.Spraying herbicides to remove weeds
C.Smash the topsoil that has compacted after the rain
D.Planting green manure crops in farmland in winter

b
Strategic decision-making refers to a type of decision-making activities carried out within an enterprise.It usually includes organizational goals, determination of policies, adjustment of organizational structure, replacement of enterprise products, technological transformation, etc.These decisions involve all aspects of the organization and have long-term nature and direction Sex.
Which of the following are strategic decisions?
A.China's Shenzhou VII manned space program
B.A company decides to develop new technology to launch a neural network computer within ten years
C.The manager of a large company decides to recruit a supervisor who has many years of work experience and is proficient in English
D.A company uses a blue book to regulate the behavior of national branch managers

a
The crime of producing and selling fake and inferior products refers to the act of the manufacturer or seller deliberately adulterating, adulterating, subpriming, substituting false or false products as qualified products, and selling more than 50,000 yuan.
Which of the following is the crime of producing and selling counterfeit products?
A.Lai Mou, Xuan Mou negotiated that the chemical raw material selenium dioxide was mixed with ammonia sulfate and sold as pure selenium dioxide, and 425 kg was sold at a contract price of 430 yuan per kilogram.
B.Chen sold fake gold necklaces as pure gold necklaces, each 24 grams of gold necklace, valued at RMB 4,600, and sold three.
C.A construction company constructs a residential building valued at 3 million yuan.In order to reduce costs, unqualified building materials were used, resulting in cracks in the residential building before acceptance.
D.Meng Mou pretended to be a new car with a used car, and signed a car sales contract with Xiao Mou at a price of 300,000 yuan, but Meng Mou fled after the car was in hand

a
Risk transfer refers to a type of risk processing that transfers risk to another person or unit through contract or non-contractual means.Risk transfer is the transfer of the burden of losses caused by risk.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following risk transfer?
A.The hospital requires the patient's family to sign and agree before performing surgery on the critically ill patient
B.Someone has seen a recent stock plunge, so he deposits money that would have been invested in the stock market into a bank
C.In order to avoid the possible loss caused by the leak, Unit A requires relevant personnel to sign a confidentiality agreement
D.A company's product has a quality problem, claiming to be due to the raw material supplied by the raw material supplier being substandard

b
Critical case sampling refers to research that selects those cases that can have a decisive impact on things, with the goal of logically inferring the results obtained in these cases to other cases.
which of the following are key cases?
A.E-mail survey of all customers who purchase a product to understand where the product can be improved
B.Interviews with several 6-year-olds to eliminate unpopular candy flavors developed specifically for 6-year-olds
C.Develop a strict telephone sampling plan, requiring investigators to call customers to collect feedback on product packaging
D.Randomly find objects in the residential area that meet the product fragrance survey, and invite the test to complete a questionnaire

d
Selective attention means that in many external stimuli, people only notice certain stimuli or certain aspects of stimuli, and ignore other stimuli.
According to the above definition, which of the following is selective attention?
A.Volunteer Xiao Zhang is busy with the services of the Olympic venue during the Olympic Games and has no time to watch the Olympic Games
B.After the Olympics, some students are still overwhelmed by the exciting events in the Olympics and are unable to devote themselves to the study life of the new semester
C.After watching the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics, the young man Mark from Italy became interested in Chinese culture, so he stayed in Beijing to learn Chinese.
D.During the Beijing Olympics, the couple who had been divorced.Due to watching the Olympics programs together, the communication increased, the relationship was relaxed, and the divorce was no longer caused.

c
The transfer of inheritance refers to the system where the heir died before the division of the inheritance after the beginning of the inheritance, and the inheritance of the inheritance was transferred to its legal heirs (including spouses, children, parents, siblings, grandparents and grandparents, inheritance system).
Which of the following are inherited?
A.Pharaoh and his wife have two sons.The second son died early, leaving a daughter under the age of 18.After the death of Pharaoh, the girl requested to inherit part of the legacy of the Pharaoh without making a will.
B.Lao Li has a real estate worth 500,000 yuan.On the day of Lao Li's death, his son, Xiao Li, was unfortunately killed in a car accident while rushing to the hospital for the funeral.Xiao Li's son immediately said that he would inherit the property of Lao Li
C.The lonely old man Liu is always taken care of by his neighbor Lao Zhang.Lao Liu made a will and left all his property to Lao Zhang.Not long after Lao Liu died, Lao Zhang suffered a heart attack and Lao Zhang's wife demanded to inherit Lao Zhang Zhang Ying inherited some share
D.Lao Huang was taken care of by his nephew Xiao Zhao before his death.Lao Huang made a will and left all the property to Xiao Zhao.After Lao Huang's death.Lao Huang's children filed a lawsuit for the estate with the court.Before the court made a decision, Xiao Zhao died unfortunately, Lao Huang's children inherited this legacy

b
Animal hibernation is a protective action against the unfavorable environment.The main factors that cause animal hibernation are the decrease in ambient temperature and the lack of food.Scientists have proved through experiments that animal hibernation can cause thyroxine and adrenal glands.Reduced function, at the same time, the gonads are developing normally, and the antibacterial and disease resistance of animals after hibernation have increased than usual.Obviously, hibernation is beneficial to them, making them more sensitive and more appetite after waking up the following spring.And all the organs in the body will show the phenomenon of rejuvenation.It can be seen that the muscles of the nervous system of the animal still maintain full vitality during hibernation, but the metabolism is reduced to a minimum.
If the following is true, what will most weaken the conclusion?
A.Many insects do not hibernate in the form of "pupae" or "eggs", not as "adults" or "larvae"
B.Hedgehog, can sleep for more than 200 days in one hibernation, it will take a long time to recover the original spirit and physical strength after waking up
C.Some mountain squirrels in Canada hibernate for half a year.During the hibernation, the pulse becomes extremely weak, and the body temperature drops to 5 °.
D.During the hibernation of female bear cubs, let the snow cover the body.Once woke up, there will be one or two bears lying next to it.This is a baby cub produced during hibernation.

c
There are students of the Faculty of Arts who are outstanding scholarship recipients.Unless there are students from various colleges who are outstanding scholarship recipients, no college can receive scholarships from the school, and the computer school can receive scholarships from the school.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Faculty of Arts can receive scholarships from the school
B.Some students of the Faculty of Arts are not outstanding scholarship recipients
C.Some students from the School of Computer Science are excellent scholarship winners
D.Some students in the School of Computer Science are not excellent scholarship recipients

d
Fiscal experts point out that public risks not only arise from the loss of state-owned assets caused by improper government policies, but also because the government directly participates in economic life, such as the government's direct participation in state-owned enterprises.Regulating financial institutions, once a large area of loss occurs in these important economic sectors, It will directly lead to public risks, resulting in fiscal deficits and debt repayment pressure.Therefore, if you want to implement a sound fiscal and monetary policy, it is not enough to adjust fiscal policy.
Can it be derived from this text?
A.As long as the government guarantees that the state-owned assets will not be lost, even if the decision is wrong, there will be no public risk.
B.As long as the government does not directly produce economic life, or state-owned enterprises and financial institutions do not suffer large losses in important economic areas, there will be no public risk.
C.If public risks can be prevented, prudent fiscal and monetary policies can be implemented
D.Due to the large-scale losses in important economic fields, even if the policy decisions are correct, public risks may still arise

c
More and more people are in a sub-health state.The reason is that they don't sleep well, too little sleep time can cause all kinds of discomfort and even cause disease.It is 180% higher than those who can sleep seven or eight hours a night.But researchers at the University of California, USA.have observed more than one million people and concluded that those who sleep more than eight hours a day have a mortality rate that People who sleep six to seven hours late are 120% taller.
If the content of this text is correct.Which of the following is most unlikely to be correct?
A.Too much or too little sleep every night can shorten a person's life
B.Mortality is higher in people who sleep less than four hours per night than in people who sleep more than eight hours per night
C.Sometimes people who sleep less than four hours, and sometimes people who sleep more than eight hours, have a 150% higher mortality rate than people who sleep for seven hours each night
D.People who sleep more than eight hours a night if they change to sleep less than four hours a night

b
U.S.scientists have found that male African cichlids can assess the strength of their opponents by observing the performance of other male members in preemptive battles, and always challenge the weakest opponents when joining the battle.This is the first time that scientists have found that fish have this kind of Reasoning ability.
Can we infer from this?
A.Male African cichlids are more logical than females
B.Male African cichlids have certain human cognitive characteristics
C.Fish with strong logical reasoning ability can occupy a large area
D.Humans are the higher animals with the strongest logical reasoning ability

a
The largest instant noodle production company in a country plans to increase the instant noodle price by 10% to 20% in April.This will be the country ’s instant noodle price has increased sharply since 2006, approaching the highest price in history.The company said that the reason to increase the instant noodle price, This is mainly to cope with rising prices of raw materials such as grain.
The one that best supports the above argument?
A.In the face of the rising prices of grain and other raw materials in the international market, the government of country A has issued a policy prohibiting domestic food processing enterprises from increasing the price of food products, in order to prevent the cost of living of the people of country A from increasing and increasing the burden.
B.Country B has sufficient domestic supplies of grain and other raw materials, but the rise in labor prices has led to increased production costs for grain processing enterprises, which has led to rising prices of food products such as instant noodles.
C.The supply of grain and other raw materials in country C has always been very sufficient.Recently, agricultural production technology has been increased on a large scale to increase food production.The price of instant foods such as instant noodles in the country has stabilized.
D.Workers of Dingguo's grain processing enterprises went on strike, causing the country's grain processing enterprises to be paralyzed and insufficient supplies of domestic instant noodles and other food products.Dingguo had to rely on imported food products

d
After climate warming, food production generally increases in middle and high latitudes, while tropical and subtropical areas can only be dominated by some heat-resistant crops, and output declines, especially in Africa and Latin America.The famine crisis in the world's poorest regions will increase, hunger and Malnutrition causes a decline in the body's immunity and increases people's susceptibility to disease.
Can this be launched?
A.Middle and high latitudes are not the poorest regions in the world
B.Africa and Latin America have the world's poorest regions
C.Global warming has less impact on mid-high latitudes than tropical and subtropical climates
D.Global warming affects food production in Africa and Latin America above the world average

a
A certain Bundestag stipulates that only parties with at least 5% of the seats in the Bundestag can form a parliamentary group.Only parties with less than 5% of the members can form a parliamentary group with the consent of the vast majority of parliamentarians.The parliamentary group enjoys only Rights granted to certain parliamentary groups.
From this text, it can be inferred that in the Bundestag:
A.Political parties that can form parliamentary groups cannot form parliamentary groups
B.Whether a party or group can be formed ultimately needs to be decided by the federal parliament
C.Parties with less than 5% of the Bundestag cannot form a parliamentary group
D.The system prevents parliamentarians from focusing too much on a parliamentary party or group

b
Lyme disease, like many other zoonotic diseases, is transmitted by insects that carry pathogens by ingesting blood from vertebrate hosts.Scientists have long believed that the population density of white-footed deer is the cause of Lyme disease The best predictors of rate.However, a 13-year study of the determinants of Lyme disease ecology in a high Lyme disease prevalence area in southeast New York overturned this view because in Lai In years with a high incidence of Lyme disease, the population of white-footed deer is generally lower than in years with a low incidence of Lyme disease.
The above discussion is based on which of the following assumptions?
A.Areas where there has never been an outbreak of Lyme disease
B.White-footed deer population will not decrease significantly before Lyme disease outbreak
C.Population numbers of other species can also be used as predictors of the onset of Lyme disease
D.The increased population of white foot disease is a precursor to other disease outbreaks

b
German supermarket discount chains, such as Aldi and Riedel, have become popular in the tide of global food prices.German discount chain stores operate differently from ordinary supermarkets, family stores, or farmers' markets with French characteristics.It has only two or three stores One hundred square meters, narrow aisles, simple product packaging, more than 80% of products are food and beverages, and their prices are generally 30% to .50% lower than ordinary supermarkets.Analysts believe that the German discount chain model There are many reasons why Zhongnian is so popular.In addition to its "low-cost" advantages.There are few discount stores and a large-scale purchasing model makes the cost of new stores very low.
Which of the following has weakened the interpretation of the above analysts?
A.The market share of German discount chain stores in French retail has increased from 10.5% a year ago to 11.2%, while the market share of large supermarkets such as Carrefour is declining
B.Low-cost strategy and low-price strategy are the operating strategies that all supermarkets use as much as possible, that is, strive to overwhelm competitors in "price advantage"
C.Riddle discount chain was acquired by a local supermarket chain in Norway.This Norwegian chain is exactly a replica of the German discount chain model.
D.Carrefour and other large supermarkets have their own business models, business philosophy and formed their unique corporate culture for many years

d
Symbol conflict refers to the fact that during the process of symbol transmission, "sender" and "recipient" have different degrees of difference in the use and understanding of symbols due to their respective differences in thought, cognition, and worldview.Conflict or conflict.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are symbol conflicts:
A Beijing Opera uses Facebook symbols to express different personalities of characters
B has a hundred viewers, there is a hundred Hamlet
C buyers require settlement in Japanese yen, while sellers insist on using RMB
D."OK" gesture agreed in the United States, money in Japan

a
Positive illusion refers to the protection of self-esteem by using idealized self, unrealistic optimism or exaggerated perception of controllability as a buffer when the self threatens self-esteem due to negative information.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following options are positive illusions:
A.A boy fails to pursue a girl, thinking that the other party is afraid to agree because of shyness
B.Many people find the examination time very tight, but Kobayashi still feels that there is enough time
C.Someone is worried that the manager has a bad impression of himself and goes to the office early every day
D.A male graduate student has repeatedly failed, but he firmly believes that heavenly rewards have been successful

b
Scientists have discovered that turning off two genes in the muscle tissue of experimental mice severely limits their ability to run, and two genes control the synthesis of a protein called AMPK in mouse skeletal muscles (muscles that control movement in the body).Being able to produce energy from sugar, if this process is disturbed and the energy-producing mitochondria are low, the muscles will not work properly.So scientists believe that the differences between people sitting on the couch all day and Olympic athletes may be all Derived from genes.
If the following are true, which most supports the opinion of scientists:
A person who has been on the sofa all day can become an Olympian with the help of technology
B.Some Olympians contain genes that synthesize AMPK protein that ordinary people do not have
C.Turning off genes that make up AMPK protein limits mice's ability to run
D Some studies show that genetically modified mice have improved running ability

d
As a very competitive new force in the notebook market, the ultrabook sales in 2011 accounted for only 20% of the mobile computer market sales, which was lower than the expected 30%.Some suppliers said that the reason why the ultrabook encountered a sluggish sales is very large.To a certain extent, the demand for ultrabooks in the European market is too small.Surveys show that European consumers generally prefer laptops with a size of 15 inches and above.According to data, 40% to 45% of mobile computers sold in Europe are currently It is a 15-inch model, and the ultrabook does not have such a size at all.
The premise of the supplier's conclusions is:
A The manufacturer did not consider the usage habits of European consumers before production
B.Superbooks should be designed to produce 15-inch products
C.Consumption habits of European consumers are similar to those in other regions
D.European market accounts for a larger proportion of the global notebook market

d
Researchers have found that the aging of the U.S.population may help slow global warming.A demographer used a new computer model to study the relationship between age and carbon dioxide emissions, showing that Americans are retiring after retirement The "contribution" to global warming will decrease.
If the following are true, which most supports the researcher's point is:
A.Research finds that as Americans age, carbon dioxide emissions gradually increase, and this trend will peak around 65 and then suddenly fall back
B.Research reports suggest that countries with similar aging population structures and consumption patterns as the United States may find that their carbon dioxide emissions will decrease
C.Studies show that Americans 65 years and older donate more charitable money to green funds that care about global warming than Americans of other ages
D.Research shows that after World War II, the baby boomer generation ’s carbon dioxide emissions after retirement will gradually decrease after 2030, a significant reduction

d
Global warming refers to the climate change phenomenon in which the temperature of the earth's atmosphere and oceans rises due to the greenhouse effect over a period of time.It is one of the tragedies of the commons, and the effect caused by it is called global warming effect.
Based on the above definitions, one of the items listed below that is not a global warming effect is ().
A.Extreme weather events have become stronger and more frequent in recent years, such as floods, droughts, heat waves, hurricanes and tornadoes
B Pacific Rise and Changes in Amount and Pattern of Rainfall and Snowfall
C.Higher or lower agricultural production in the world, glacial retreat, reduced river flow in summer, the disappearance of species, and raging diseases
D.The place where the average annual temperature of the entire continent is above 20 ° C accounts for 95% of the area of the continent.It is hot all year round, and nearly half of the regions have hot warm seasons and warm-cool seasons.

d
Counterclaim: Refers to a counterclaim made by a defendant to a judicial authority in a civil lawsuit that has been initiated in order to revoke or invalidate the original claim.The defendant in the counterclaim is the plaintiff of this claim, and the counterclaim shall be made no later than the judgment of this claim.The counterclaim can only be filed with the trial authority hearing the complaint, and the counterclaim and the subject matter or cause of action of the complaint should be related.
According to the definition of appeal, which of the following situations is a counterclaim? ()
A.The two people resorted to the law because of a civil dispute, the court made a first-instance judgment, the defendant won the case, and the plaintiff disagreed, so they filed a lawsuit with the higher-level people's court.
B.An unemployed traveller once went to court for burglary.However, when he entered the room, he discovered that the owner had a major suspicion of homicide, so he sued the owner for murder.
C.A factory manager was discovered by the accountant for embezzlement of public funds, fearing that he would sue, so the wicked sue first and prosecutes the accountant for crimes such as malfeasance.
D.There was an economic dispute between the two companies in Guangdong.The seller sued the seller because the buyer refused to perform the contract and delivered the entire loan.During the trial, the buyer considered that the seller's goods were of poor quality and the buyer had a good reason, so he sued the defendant to Discuss

c
Advertisement refers to the goods or services provided by the commodity operator and service provider for commercial purposes, directly or indirectly, through a certain medium or form, such as through newspapers, television, street signs, shop windows, etc.Publicity campaigns conducted.
Which of the following are part of an advertising campaign:
A.The director of the cement factory gave a gift of one million yuan to the contractor in the neighboring county in order to better sell the cement
B.Obama has spared no expense in giving speeches on television and in the press in order to become president
C.Li Ning brand clothing sponsors Chinese sports delegation to go to the Olympic Games and obtain good social and economic benefits
D.Teachers require students to use ballpoint pens for exams

b
Recidivism refers to a criminal behavior in which the perpetrator repeatedly commits a crime of the same nature on the basis of several identical crimes.
Which of the following are consecutive offenses:
A.In order to kill B and C, A puts the medicine into his rice cooker at one time, causing B and C to die at the same time.
B.In order to repay the debt, a gambler has burglary 8 times and stolen more than 30,000 yuan.
C.A bandit in Jiangxi, traveling across the country, killing and robbing many times
D.A cashier accidentally discovered that there was an omission in the financial system of the unit, and he took the 3,000 yuan public funds as existing, and later used the loophole to embezzle 8,000 yuan again.

c
The export processing zone is a form of special economic zone and an outward-oriented special economic zone.It mainly uses foreign funds, technologies, and equipment to take advantage of China's land, resources, labor and other advantages, and mainly produces products for export.
Which of the following areas belong to export processing zones:
A.Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
B.Yanhu Economic Development Zone, Qinghai Province, Northwest China, adopts the strategy of attracting investment, foreign investment, our labor, land, and products are mainly sold in the five northwest provinces
C.Shenzhen's Shekou Industrial Zone cooperates with foreigners by processing materials and sells products abroad
D.The product of Founder Group, a university-run enterprise of Peking University, must first support the teaching and research of the university, because it borrows the intangible assets of Peking University

b
Joint ownership means that two or more co-owners enjoy the same rights and assume equal responsibilities and obligations for the same property.
According to the above definition, which of the following situations is jointly owned? ()
A.A millionaire made a will before his death, stating that all his savings and real estate were discounted, and were equally distributed to his two sons, each of whom enjoyed half the right to inherit the property
B.Students of a university should live in six people per dormitory according to regulations.Due to the number of people, there are only three people in the last dormitory.Finally, the school assigned a water dispenser to each dormitory.One
C.A venture capitalist invests in a developing small business and states that the company will implement a shareholding system in the future, and the chairman of the company owns 30% of the shares, and the venture capitalist holds 70% of the shares
D Two people started a company in partnership, one is in charge of operation and the other is in charge of development, but before the partnership, they stated in written and fair form that the two people jointly owned the company, but once the bankruptcy owed debts, the person in charge of development was not responsible Debt repayment

d
Field operations, also known as field operations, refer to the conduct of scientific and technological inspections or production activities in places far from towns or settlements.
Which of the following is not a field operation:
A.Geodesy
B.Hydrogeological survey
C.Archaeological team excavates ancient tombs in Luoyang, Henan
D.Tianjin TV broadcasts the Spring Festival Gala

d
Chemical reaction: refers to a change in the chemical composition, properties and characteristics of one or more substances that change from one or more substances to the original.
Which of the following changes is not a chemical reaction?
A.Synthesis of polyethylene using petroleum as raw material
B.Charcoal burning for heat
C.Grapes are made into wine through processes such as fermentation
D.Tap water becomes steam

a
Dismissal of a civil servant: Refers to an act or fact that the employment department or unit of a state organ has terminated its positional relationship with a staff member under certain conditions in accordance with the law.
Which of the following administrative actions must be dismissed:
A.Civil servant Wang has been absent from work for 30 days without a reason in less than one year.According to the relevant regulations of civil servants, he had to leave the unit.
B.Zhang has been working in an institution for 30 full years, and he has reached 60 in this year.
C.Zhou was admitted to the General Office of the Provincial Government for secretarial work after passing an exam last September.Although hard-working and diligent, it is still difficult to be competent.Relevant departments have to ask him to seek another job in accordance with the "Interim Regulations of the National Civil Service"
D.The application for the departure of a civil servant is approved by the competent authority, leaving the original unit to work for a company

c
Because the body is too heavy, when the bear lifts his left front foot and walks, the front half of the body will tilt to the left, and when the foot is changed, the body will fall to the other side.
From this we can infer:
A.The bear is very cute
B.Bears are fierce
C.Bears always shake their heads when they walk
D.Bears are very heavy

a
Roller skating looks bad for people who have sprained their legs, ligaments, and joints, but orthopaedic surgeons have found that roller skating is a rehabilitation measure that can be used for patients with joint and ligament disorders.
this means:
A.This exercise is good for the joints
B.This exercise is bad for the joints
C.Roller skating is easy to learn
D.Roller skating takes the world by storm

c
The development and competition of the contemporary economy no longer rely mainly on intensive labor.For example, in the United States, the entire information highway project will take 20 years and the total investment will reach $ 400 billion.It is necessary to install high-capacity fiber optic lines for 95 million homes Will cost $ 200 billion.
From this we can infer:
A.Future economic development mainly relies on high technology
B.Future economic development will no longer require labor
C.The process of future economic development is a capital-intensive process
D.In the future economic competition, developing countries will become increasingly backward

d
The cleaning and restoration of Michelangelo's frescoes on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel were performed by some of the world's best art restoration experts under the close supervision of a group of international artists and history experts.However, a result Controversial storm.Most modern visitors seem to be accustomed to watching these colors have been dulled by yellowed glue and dust, and the outlines of characters have been blurred by dirt accumulated over half a century Mural.
Visible, Michelangelo's mural:
A.Become the subject of fierce controversy about his artistic merit
B.For centuries of neglect, to this day
C.Dust-covered during recent summer work
D.People prefer authentic murals, and although it is eroded by the years, they can feel more enjoyable from it

d
There is a sentence called Zi Ru Qi Ren, and it is said that the heart is regular and the body is regular and the body is regular.Generally speaking, noble people write good characters, but the famous traitor Qin Mao in history also writes good characters.
therefore:
A.Judge a person should look at his words first
B.Words are incorrect as they are
C.Bad people can write good words too
D.Knowing a person should listen to what he says and observe what he does, rather than make a conclusion by grasping a little surface phenomenon

d
Compared with Mars, Earth has many common attributes.As belonging to the solar system, they are more regular spheres, with revolutions and rotations.Since there is life on Earth, Mars is likely to have life.
Which one is most likely to weaken the reliability of the above judgment? ()
A.Earth is too far from Mars, and it is difficult for Mars to have life
B.Earth and Mars have different generation times
C Earth and Mars rotate at different speeds
No liquid water is currently found on D Mars

c
There are certain problems in the current university curriculum, and many new hires in large companies do not have a good grasp of basic work skills, such as document writing, data processing, and handling capabilities.
Which of the following arguments is premised? ()
A.There are no basic skills courses in the current university curriculum
B.Basic skills such as document writing, data processing, and working ability are important to the job.
C.The company's new hires basically represent the current level of graduates
D.College students in the past received more basic skills education than college students now

d
The overlord clause is that individual businesses use information asymmetry, imbalance in supply and demand, and their monopoly position to impose unequal consumption clauses on consumers.This is manifested in the fact that some operators unilaterally evade legal obligations, violate the principle of fairness, and damage contract Unequal clauses in the form of a contract of personal interest, or the content of a contract in the form of a violation of notice, statement, store notice or industry practice.
According to the above definition, which of the following phenomena does not belong to the overlord clause?
A.Studio regulations, unselected video works and negatives when taking wedding photos, samples are owned by the studio, customers must pay separately if necessary
B.A beauty salon requires that after applying for a beauty card, if the card is returned, half-price items must be settled at the full price
C.A notice posted in a supermarket, discounts, special offers cannot be returned
D.Refuse to pay for restaurant meals during meals and eat overlord meals

c
Violent charity is a kind of violent act of charity, to obtain satisfaction at the expense of the dignity of the recipient.Violent charity is a generalization of high-profile ways of doing good.
According to the above definition, which of the following phenomena is not violent charity?
A.Give a red envelope to the nursing home
B.Send a cash red envelope after bowing to each recipient
C.Company leaders require employees to pay money by order
D.Use huge donation cash barriers to display and display the RMB wall

c
Supermarket docking refers to a new type of circulation method in which farmers and merchants sign an intent agreement to directly supply agricultural products to supermarkets, food markets and convenience stores, mainly to build a platform for high-quality agricultural products to enter the supermarket.The circulation mode leads to the vast countryside, connecting small productions of thousands of households with ever-changing large markets, building an integrated production and sales chain under the market economy, and achieving a win-win situation for merchants, farmers and consumers.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not the role of rural docking?
A.Farmers produce what the market needs, and avoid the blindness of production
B.Reduce circulation and reduce circulation costs
C.Conducive to reducing production costs of agricultural products
D.Stabilizing sales channels and prices for agricultural products

d
Low-carbon life refers to reducing the energy used in daily life to reduce carbon emissions, especially carbon dioxide emissions, thereby reducing atmospheric pollution and slowing ecological degradation.
According to the above definition, which of the following phenomena does not fall into the category of low-carbon life?
A.Putting used newspapers on the bottom of the wardrobe can not only absorb moisture, but also absorb the odor in the wardrobe
B.When using a computer, use as low a brightness as possible, with fewer startup procedures, and turn off the computer power during lunch break and after work
C.Choose clothes to dry and avoid using a tumble dryer
D.Replace jogging in the park with exercise on a treadmill

d
Red tourism refers to the revolutionary memorial site since the founding of the Communist Party of China in 1921, the monuments and the revolutionary spirit carried by them are attracted to organize tourists to visit and realize the learning of the revolutionary spirit, receive revolutionary traditional education and inspire Spiritual, relaxing body and mind, increased tourism experience.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not a characteristic of red tourism?
A.Learning
B.Story
C.Participation
D.Fun

d
Organic food is also called ecological food and biological food, which is a relatively uniform reference for non-polluting natural foods in the world.Organic food refers to food from the organic agricultural production system, and organic agriculture refers to a kind of Sustainable agriculture using synthetic fertilizers, pesticides, growth regulators and feed additives, which emphasizes strengthening the virtuous cycle of natural life and biodiversity.Organic food certification agencies have certified the food's production, processing, storage through certification , Transportation and point of sale all meet the standards of organic food.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not a basic requirement for organic food production and processing?
A.The production base has not used any prohibited substances such as pesticides and fertilizers
B.Crops are not contaminated by chemicals during harvesting, cleaning, drying, storage and transportation
C.Seeds or seedlings are from nature and have not been modified by genetic engineering technology
D.Seeds or seedlings grow in the natural environment and avoid planting in greenhouses

a
Community correction refers to placing qualified criminals in the community, and special state agencies, with the assistance of relevant social groups and civil organizations and social volunteers, correct their crimes within the time limit determined by the judgment, ruling or decision Psychological and behavioral abuse, and non-custodial penalty enforcement activities that facilitate their smooth return to society.Simply put, letting criminals who meet legal conditions execute the penalty in the community.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not the role of community correction?
A.Conducive to increasing penalties for criminals
B.Facilitate the offenders to master life skills and relevant social knowledge
C.Conducive to changing people's "labeled" view of prisoners
D.Conducive to shaping the beliefs and personality of criminals in line with the normal life of society

d
The so-called "urban disease" refers to a series of social problems caused by the excessive concentration of population in large cities.It is mainly manifested in the blind expansion of urban planning and construction to the surrounding areas.
According to the above definition, which of the following phenomena is not a specific manifestation of urban disease?
A.Increased employment pressure
B.Citizen housing is tight
C.Crowds of citizens travelling
D.Declining urban economic strength

b
In order to protect laborers' rights to receive labor compensation, the Criminal Law Amendment (8) stipulates that those who owe malicious wages will be investigated for criminal responsibility, "having the ability to pay without paying or evading the payment of laborers by transferring property, hiding, etc.If the labor remuneration is bad, he shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment or imprisonment of not more than three years, or a single fine; if it has caused serious consequences, he shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not less than three years and not more than seven years and fined.
Based on the above definition, which of the following constitutes a crime of malpractice?
A.A company does not operate well, is in trouble, and owes employees a year's wages
B.Xiaowang, a migrant worker, asked the company for no pay and was beaten by the company
C.Xiao Li Chao has set a limit for showing a credit card, and after the card-issuing bank fails to return it for more than 3 months after two collections, he charges Xiao Li with a crime of malicious overdraft
D.Before the bidding, the developer and the construction company reached a tacit agreement.The two parties agreed that after the developer entered the prepayment into the account of the construction company, the construction company would return it to the developer intact, making the construction company unable to Pay workers

a
Micro-expressions mean that people express their inner feelings to each other by making some expressions.Between different expressions made by people or in a certain expression, the face will "leak" other information.The shortest-lasting micro-expressions can last 1 / 25 seconds, although a subconscious expression may only last for a moment, it is easy to expose emotions.When the face is making an expression, these extremely short-term expressions suddenly flash by, and sometimes the opposite mood.
According to the above definition, which of the following is a micro-expression?
A.The sales clerk may flash a contemptuous smirk when he smiles in front of a shabby customer.
B.The spy sends a message to associates in the blink of an eye
C.After Wang was frightened, his face continued to twitch
D.Walking against the biting cold wind, Xiao Li's upper and lower teeth kept shaking and colliding

d
Professor Yi went to visit Mr.Gong's house.When he arrived at the door, he didn't know how many floors Mr.Gong lived in, so he asked his grandmother and a few children who had been cooling off at the door."The teacher can't live on the second floor." Xiaofang said: "Mr.Gong can't live on the third floor." Xiaohong said: "Mr.Gong can't live on the fourth floor." Xiaoyu said: "This building has only four floors.Lived in the open air."At this time, the grandmother smiled and said to Professor Yi:" These children are really naughty, but most of them are telling the truth, only one person is telling the truth."
Based on this, we can launch:
A.Teacher Gong lives on the first floor
B.Teacher Gong lives on the second floor
C.Teacher Gong lives on the third floor
D.Teacher Gong lives on the fourth floor

d
In today's China, reform is still what people want and the general trend.In the new historical period and based on existing achievements, if the economy and society continue to maintain sound and rapid development, it will take greater courage, courage and strength to advance Reform and deepen reform.Only in this way can we make great efforts to break through the "deep water zone" while making good use of opportunities and defusing risks, and create a new realm for China's modernization.
From this we can infer:
A.Without deepening reform, we cannot break through the "deep water zone" of reform
B.Deepening reforms can break through the "deep water area" of reform
C.The "deep water zone" that cannot break out of reform is because there is no deepening of reform
D.Break through the "deep-water zone" of reform to deepen reform

d
Some people think that the college entrance examination is an important exam, only once a year, and late candidates should be admitted to the exam.
If the following are true, the above view can be weakened most:
A.Do not allow late candidates to enter the market, you may miss the opportunity to select outstanding talents
B.The college entrance examination is an important test, but it does not necessarily determine the fate of the candidate
C.College Entrance Examination in the United States-SAT test, allowing late candidates to enter the exam
D.The importance of following the rules of the examination room has nothing to do with the number of examinations held each year

a
Aluminium can be dissolved in both acid and alkali, it is a trace element required for the human body to maintain the normal operation.According to experiments, braised meat is stored in an aluminum pan overnight, and the content of aluminum in the meat can be as high as 120 per kilogram.Milligrams to 250 milligrams, but it is difficult for the human body to excrete aluminum after absorption of aluminum, which is likely to cause premature aging and dementia.
Based on this, it can be concluded that:
A.Aluminum is an essential element of the human body
B.Alzheimer's disease is caused by excessive intake of aluminum
C.Braised pork cannot be eaten overnight
D.The content of aluminum in the human body can easily exceed the standard

b
Scientists recently discovered that the small dinosaur named “Zheng's Xiaoting Dragon” is a “relative” to the Archaeopteryx, which is very close to the Archaeopteryx that lived in the Late Jurassic.The phylogenetic relationship of the early birds was reanalyzed and it was found that the archaeopteryx was not a bird, but the original Deinonychus, that is, the archaeopteryx was the ancestor of the raptor, not the ancestor of the bird.
If the following are true, the above speculations cannot be questioned:
A.Deinonychus is a class of birds closely related to dinosaurs
B.Deinonychus is a group of dinosaurs that are closely related to birds
C.A theropod dinosaur evolved into a herbivorous dinosaur and then into a bird
D.Archaeopteryx specimens have been considered the most primitive and oldest birds ever since they were named

c
In 1784, the famous astronomer William Herschel wrote that the dark areas on the surface of Mars are the oceans, while the brighter areas are the land.Herschel speculated that there must be intelligent life on Mars, and they may be related to our earth people.Almost.Herschel's theory has been popular for more than a century, and even some other astronomers have agreed that vegetation can be observed in some brighter areas.
If the following are true, which one best supports Herschel's conjecture?
A.Where intelligent life exists, there must be ocean and land
B.Where there is vegetation, there must be intelligent life
C.Where there is an ocean, there must be an intelligent life on the land
D.Smart life may exist where vegetation can be observed

d
Plant growth regulators are a class of substances that have inhibitory or promoting effects on the growth and development of plants, including artificially synthesized compounds and natural plant hormones extracted from organisms.They are currently widely used in agricultural production worldwide.In case of doubt, industry insiders pointed out that according to the results of batch testing, the presence of plant growth regulators could not be seen.Therefore, the safety of plant growth regulators can be considered to be more reliable.
Which of the following is true is most likely to question the views of those in the industry:
A.After spraying the plant growth regulator, it will exist in the soil for a long time and it is not easy to decompose.
B.Some developed countries have strict regulations on the use of plant growth regulators
C.From past experience, even widely used products may not be safe
D.Some plant growth regulators may cause disease even if the content is not detected

b
In a coordinated society, society imposes restrictions on personal tendencies, so that everyone can vaguely feel the great restrictions on achieving their personal aspirations.In this way, all members of society have a common goal and the society is stable and orderly.Disrupting the social order, the society's control of the individual's will be invalid, and the society will let the individual do what he wants.Durkheim calls this "out of order".
Which of the following are "disorderly" behaviors:
A.Student truancy, teacher punishes student
B.Women experience domestic violence
C.Someone is always worried about unemployment
D.Zhang San's online registration information leaked

b
Flexible leadership refers to relying on the leader's non-power influence and adopting non-mandatory orders to generate a potential persuasive force in people's minds, making them consciously obey and identify, thereby turning the organizational will into people's conscious actions Leadership.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are flexible leaders:
A.The principal decides to raise the salary of all teachers
B.Xiao Zhang became an idol for all teachers as a model for teaching and educating people
C.The principal proposes a teacher innovation incentive plan
D.Senior teacher Teacher Zhang speaks very inspiringly

a
If you think that which of the following is true for the part is necessarily true for the whole, then you have committed a "composition fallacy".The "composition fallacy" theory explains how individual reasoning is interpreted as group irrationality.The theory of the process of behavior change.Decomposition fallacy is the opposite of synthesis fallacy.It demonstrates that if the whole or the set has a certain property, every part or element of it must also have this property.It fails to recognize that the whole and the parts This conversion relationship does not exist.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not synthetic errors:
A.The universe has existed for 10 billion years, and the universe is made up of molecules, so every molecule in the universe has existed for 10 billion years
B.If a farmer gets a good harvest, his income will increase, then all farmers will have a good harvest, and everyone will be rich together
C.If a company in industry benefits from large-scale advertising, it shows that if all companies in the industry advertise heavily, they can achieve similar sales increase benefits
D.In the open-air theater, one person can stand on tiptoe to watch the opera, which can be seen more clearly than others, but this behavior causes other people to stand on tiptoes to watch the opera.As a result, not only everyone still can't see the drama, but Everyone has to pay the cost of lame watching

a
When making decisions in highly cohesive groups, the members' thinking will be highly inclined to be consistent, so that the realistic assessment of other alternative action routes will be suppressed.This tendency of thinking in group decision making is called group blind thinking, also known as group Myth.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are group blind thinking:
A.The voice of a few people was drowned during the meeting
B.Zhang San's opinion is different from expert opinion
C.A scientist believes Darwin's theory of evolution is incorrect
D.Owner siege caused by falling house prices and smashing sales offices

a
Role conflicts are conflicts and conflicts that occur when a person plays one role or several different roles at the same time due to incompetence.Inter-role conflicts refer to conflicts between different roles that a person plays.It mainly manifests in two situations: one is the conflict in space and time; the other is the conflict in the content of the behavior model.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are conflicts between roles:
A.Xiaoqiang returns home from school to do housework and tutors his younger brother, and can not complete the learning task until early in the morning
B.After Wang Lin got married, his wife and mother had a disagreement, and while working, he had to mediate between the two.
C.Li Hong wants to apply for a clinical medicine major in the college entrance examination.Her parents asked her to apply for an economic major.The teacher suggested that she apply for an English major.
D.Yang Ming has recently been promoted from an ordinary employee to the deputy director of the department.New challenges have kept him busy.

d
News marketing refers to the fact that, under the premise of not harming the public interest, companies actively use events with news value or plan and organize various forms of activities to create "news hotspots" to attract the media and the public.Attention and interest to achieve the purpose of improving social visibility, shaping a good corporate image and ultimately promoting product or service sales.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are news marketing:
A.A number of world-leading technology patents invented by a university have been widely reported by domestic and foreign media
B.A company's corporate image was reshaped by crisis public relations after being exposed by the media due to product quality issues
C.A cosmetics brand made a huge investment invitation to endorse South Korean international stars, which caused a heated debate and a sensation
D.Automobile 4S stores in a certain city vigorously spread the "limited license" news, making sales extremely hot, and took the opportunity to increase prices

d
The trickle-down effect refers to the fact that in the process of economic development, it does not give special treatment to the poor, disadvantaged groups or poor areas, but rather groups or areas with limited development benefit the poor or the areas through consumption, employment and other aspects, driving their development and development.rich.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are trickle-down effects:
A.The state strengthens poverty alleviation in the west
B.Government creates convenient conditions for fresh graduates to start a business
C.Labor department holds free skills training courses for laid-off workers
D.Rural holiday in the suburbs of the city on May Day heats up year by year

a
The theory of wooden barrels means that if the templates of the wooden barrels are of different lengths, the water content of the wooden barrels does not depend on the longest plank, but on the shortest plank.
According to the above definition, Which of the following wooden barrels are theoretical:
A.Xiao Wang, a graduate of a famous school, suffered a major accident during his internship in a unit, causing a major accident that damaged the reputation of his alma mater.
B.Xiao Wang, a graduate of a famous school, was held liable for legal accidents due to personal negligence during his internship in a unit.
C.Xiao Wang, a graduate of a famous school, performed outstandingly during an internship in a unit, adding glory to his alma mater.
D.Xiao Wang, a graduate of a famous school, performed well during an internship in a unit and was well received by employers.

d
The sleeper effect means that people forget the source of information faster than they forget the content of the information.When the source of information is low credibility, it often does not allow people to properly estimate the content of the information at the initial stage, but three weeks later, due to the source The effect of the disappearance of the phenomenon has made it possible for people to evaluate information.
Which of the following are consistent with sleeper effects:
A.Reactionary organizations organize reactionary propaganda for children, and children obey their words
B.In life, the words of experts have more credibility than the words of ordinary people
C.Celebrity ads began to have a sensational effect, but subsequently caused viewers' aesthetic fatigue
D.Zhang San's impression of colleagues has changed from being difficult to be approachable

b
Symbiosis is also called mutual benefit and symbiosis.It is a type of inter-species relationship in which two organisms live together in mutual benefit.Without them, they are a kind of interspecific relationship.It is a highly developed relationship between organisms.The products of the exchange of life activities form a new structure in the organization.
According to the above definition, Which of the following phenomena are not symbiotic:
A.Anemones are often fixed on the shell of hermit crabs, and when they rely on stinging cells to defend against enemies, they can indirectly protect the hermit crabs.While hermit crabs crawl around, they can get more food for the anemones.
B.Salamander is a disease caused by skin infection with mold.The mold mainly affects the skin, hair, and fingernails.According to the site of the disease, it can be divided into scalp, scalp, tinea pedis, onychomycosis, and ringworm.
C.Flagellates live in the digestive tract of termites or other animals, digestive fibers are provided to the host, and the host provides them with nutrients and habitat
D.Scientists have found a barrel-shaped cactus with a "honey grow" on the top that continuously produces nectar.These nectars feed some ants.The ants try their best

d
Researchers have announced that they have discovered how certain substances in the mice make the brain feel full after eating.Previous research has found that when mice eat, in the paraventricular nucleus of the lower thalamus, which is the center of appetite, a type called " The protein of "nesfatin-1" will increase and make mice feel full.But the specific mechanism has been a mystery.The researchers removed brain nerve cells from the paraventricular nucleus of mice and calibrated some containing "nesfatin-1" Protein cells, and found that these cells can react with and activate high concentrations of glucose and insulin, and this response is responsible for the satiety of the brain.
For the above argument to be valid, the premise that must be added is:
A.Mice have the same functioning mechanism as the human brain
B.The protein content of mouse brain nerve cells remains unchanged
C.Amino acids and lipid compounds of "nesfatin-1" proteins can affect satiety
D.Glucose and insulin concentrations in the blood of mice increase after eating carbohydrates such as rice and bread

d
A survey by the research institution on the relationship between doctors and patients showed that the overall satisfaction of patients with doctors, nurses, and hospitals reached 94.6%, 93.5%, and 79.8%, respectively.From the survey data, the patient's service attitude towards medical staff and the medical environment The satisfaction of items such as the convenience of medical treatments is more than 70%.Among the items that patients are most dissatisfied with, the top three items are drug prices, examination costs and total medical treatment costs.Therefore, some people think that high consumption of medical treatments is The root cause of the patient's dissatisfaction with the hospital and the entire medical system.In recent years, some patients' disputes and even violent incidents of medical personnel to individual patients have been isolated.High medical consumption is not the root cause of the violent conflict between doctors and patients.
Which of the following, if true, can weaken the above view:
A.The survey shows that the medical staff's evaluation of the doctor-patient relationship is only 60 points, even lower than the patient's evaluation.
B.Medical staff are representatives of hospitals and medical systems
C.Excessive cost of medical treatment is the root cause of high consumption of medical treatment
D.Medical and affected parties are two groups, not individuals

a
Recently, researchers discovered the first type of genetic mutation that helps fight dementia, and people who carry this type of genetic mutation have a significantly reduced risk of developing dementia symptoms after entering old age.The researchers conducted a health survey and gene sequencing on 1,795 subjects.Later, it was discovered that the gene that affects Alzheimer's disease, the amyloid precursor protein gene, has different types of mutations, and some people who carry one of these types of mutations are relatively less likely to develop Alzheimer's disease.The researchers explained that Alzheimer's The cause of the disease is the accumulation of beta-amyloid in the brain.This is caused by beta-amyloid precursor protein lyase 1 which "cuts" large proteins into small pieces.This mutation in the amyloid precursor protein gene Type can limit the function of beta-amyloid precursor protease 1 and thus reduce the risk of dementia.
Which of the following, if true, would support the researchers' conclusions:
A.Restricting the function of beta-amyloid precursor protein lyase 1 can inhibit beta-amyloid accumulation
B.The study found that the proportion of people with active beta-amyloid precursor protein lyase 1 has Alzheimer's disease
C.Researchers have found that people who carry variants of the amyloid precursor protein gene have a longer lifespan and are 50% more likely to live to age 85 than others
D.In terms of the chance of living to the age of 85 without severe symptoms such as cognitive decline, memory loss, etc., 7.5 times as long as other people carry mutations in the amyloid precursor protein gene

b
Statistics show that most car accidents occur at moderate speeds, and very few accidents occur at driving speeds greater than 150 km / h, which means that high-speed driving is safer.
Here is one of the most refutable arguments:
A.High-speed driving is very dangerous if a puncture occurs
B.Since most people drive at moderate speeds, most accidents occur at moderate speeds
C.When driving at high speed, especially when there is an emergency, it is difficult to control due to too fast speed
D.Compared with the damage caused by a car accident at a moderate speed, the damage caused by a car accident at a high speed is much more serious

b
All successful people dress and eat.I'm not a successful person, so I don't have to dress and eat.
Which of the following options is most similar to a logical error?
A.Xiao Wang is a college student, Xiao Wang does not talk about hygiene, so college students do not talk about hygiene
B.The judge knows the law, he is not a judge, so he is not legal
C.Wuhan's scenic spots cannot be visited in one day, and Huanghelou is a scenic spot in Wuhan, so Huanghelou cannot be visited in one day
D.Heroes are sad for beauty, I am sad for beauty, so I am a hero

c
The data show that after the implementation of the "No Child Left Behind" Act, the average scores of English reading subjects and math subjects in fourth and eighth-grade students have indeed improved significantly.Therefore, it is concluded that this education reform bill Elementary school has made amazing achievements.
Which of the following, if true, would be the least sceptical of the above argument:
A.Grade 12 students 'English reading subjects' average scores have declined significantly during the same period
B.It is only one-sided to focus only on changes in English reading and math performance and use it as a marker for evaluating the results of education reforms.
C.It is really difficult to improve the education system.To make changes in this hugely inert bureaucracy requires a lot of money, effort and time.
D.The average reading scores of English reading subjects and mathematics subjects for fourth and eighth-grade students have been increasing by the same proportion year by year since the 1990s.This situation appeared long before the bill was passed.

c
It is unlikely that all reforms will be effective.
If the above proposition is true, then which of the following propositions must be true
A.All reforms are difficult to achieve
B.Some reforms are effective
C.Some reforms are not effective
D.Economic reforms can generally promote economic development

d
According to the law, if he repeatedly abuses his wife and does not treat him, this is an abusive behavior; if it is an abuse, it is a criminal behavior; if it is a criminal behavior, he must be punished by the law.Not treating his wife
From this we can deduce:
A.Zhang San doesn't scold his wife, and treating him is a good husband
B.Zhang San's absence of abuse is no crime
C.Zhang San should be punished by law
D.Zhang San's behavior is abusive

b
There is a lyric: "How can I see the rainbow without going through wind and rain".
Which of the following is not a logical inference of the above lyrics:
A.Rainbows can only be seen through storms
B.If you experience wind and rain, you can see the rainbow
C.You cannot see the rainbow unless you experience wind and rain
D.Everyone who sees the rainbow should have experienced wind and rain

a
Osmotic adjustment refers to various stresses, such as drought, low temperature, high temperature, and salting, that directly or indirectly cause water stress on plants.Underwater stress, some plants can actively accumulate various organic or inorganic substances to increase the concentration of cellular fluid , Reduce osmotic potential, improve the ability of cells to absorb or retain water, thereby adapting to water stress environments.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is options that are not osmotic?
A.Elevated extracellular fluid osmotic pressure when drinking water is insufficient stimulates hypothalamic osmotic pressure receptors and produces thirst
B.Limonium plants have increased leaf cell volume under salt stress, absorbed more water and reduced salt concentration
C.Phalaenopsis under salt stress can absorb external salt and accumulate in the vacuole to absorb water
D.The first response of maize plants to drought stress is to avoid low water potential through stomatal closure to reduce light energy capture

d
G2B (BusinesstoGovemment) is an e-government model, which refers to the operation mode of the use of computers, the Internet and other modern information technology between the government and enterprises to transcend the constraints of time, space and department separation to carry out related business transaction activities.It helps Realize the optimization and reorganization of government organizations and work processes, and improve government work efficiency.
According to the above definition, which of the following options belong to the G2B service model?
A.Xiao Zhang watched an HD movie after registering on an audiovisual service website and paying the membership fee
B.Xiao Guo paid the fine of the previous quarter on the "motor vehicle illegal inquiry online platform" in a certain province
C.Xiao Wang purchased the latest smartphone using online banking in a well-known online mall
D.Xiao Li declares and pays his company's taxes last month in the "online tax collection system" of a city

a
PeertoPeercomputing (p2P) refers to a distributed environment where information or service providers and users share resources through direct exchange, forming a decentralized, self-organizing, and all or most of the contacts are symmetrical.
According to the definition above, which of the following is options for P2P-based network applications?
A.Instant messaging software that supports point-to-point online chat, file transfer, etc.
B.Online bookstores that use various methods of e-commerce to implement the book buying and selling process
C.Web search engines that help searchers find information stored on Internet sites
D.Network electronic photo album that provides users with functions of storing, displaying, and sharing photos

b
Soft addiction refers to those compulsive habits, behaviors or revertive emotions.It does not involve any substance with direct biological effects, but is based on certain phenomena with strong psychological and behavioral effects.
According to the above definitions, which of the following do not meet the phenomenon of soft addiction?
A.Xiao Zhang swipes his card with frequent and unrestrained shopping and is caught in a financial crisis
B.Xiao Zhou is used to drinking cough syrup.If he doesn't drink, he will feel uncomfortable.
C.Xiao Zheng was obsessed with watching Korean dramas and imitating them from time to time in life, affecting the relationship between husband and wife
D.Elder Wang sent his obsessed health knowledge to the circle of friends, which aroused his dislike

a
Psychosocial ability is the ability of an individual to have certain foresight and control over the issues or challenges that need to be dealt with.It can effectively deal with various needs and challenges in daily life.It is an individual's ability to maintain a good psychological state and to -Already, people--people, people--things, people--things show adaptive and positive behavior in their interrelationships.
According to the above definitions, which of the following individual events fall into the category of psychosocial competence?
A.Li failed a lot of homework in the final exam, and worked hard after being criticized and criticized by the teacher
B.Zheng was unable to work in the plateau area due to sudden illness and was transferred to the plain area for employment
C.Tian's expedition to an island off the coast was forced to terminate due to a sudden volcanic eruption
D.Lin plans to participate in a hip-hop competition in a certain place, and then quit due to a serious injury in the middle of a traffic accident

d
Socialization refers to the process in which individuals and society interact with each other, gradually developing unique personalities and personalities, transforming from biological humans to social humans, and gradually adapting to social life through the internalization of social culture and the learning of role knowledge.In this way, social culture can be accumulated and continued, social structure can be maintained and developed, and human personality can be improved and perfected.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not in the category of individual socialization?
A.Three years after Zhang entered the swimming team, he changed from a dry duck to a swimming champion
B.Wang is able to recite 300 Tang poems proficiently in the third grade of elementary school
C.Li's three generations are practicing doctors, known as "Doctor Family"
D.Lin suddenly had telepathy after an accidental injury

d
Administrative guidance refers to administrative subjects within their jurisdiction to adapt to complex and changing economic and social needs.In accordance with national laws or policies, timely and flexible guidance, advice, advice, negotiation, demonstration, and formulation of guiding policies, The release of relevant information and other non-mandatory means, with the consent or assistance of the administrative counterpart, to achieve a certain administrative purpose.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is administrative guidelines?
A.The Chinese government issues a joint investment to establish an AIIB
B.A city meteorological bureau sends an orange warning signal to the public when typhoons are approaching
C.District B People's Government and Research Institute sign a contract for research and development of high-tech products
D.Bing County People's Government calls on the farmers in the county to grow peaches and provide preferential loans

a
Social medicine refers to the study of the medical problems related to the population's life, old age, disease, and death from a social perspective.It studies the comprehensive role played by social factors in the different stages of life preparation, protection, and improvement of quality of life.Management provides a theoretical basis for formulating corresponding health goals, policies, strategies and measures to ensure the health of the population.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not in the scope of social medical research?
A.The medical and health department provides free treatment for Li who has cancer
B.Investigation of disease prevention and health care of left-behind children by medical and health departments
C.The health department develops a plan for occupational disease census, prevention and control
D.Medical and health departments implement a "four frees and one care" policy for people living with HIV

d
The non-causality of the bill means that after the bill is generated due to a certain basic relationship (such as sale, gift), the rights and obligations on the bill are separated from the reason relationship that caused or transferred the bill.The holder of the bill need not prove its acquisition.For the reasons of the bill, only a certain amount can be requested according to the content recorded on the bill, except for those who obtained the bill illegally.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are not non-causal of the bill:
A.Note holders obtain the rights of the notes through donations, without having to prove the origin of the rights of the notes
B.The bearer issues a short check, as long as the ticket issuance is legal, the holder still has the right to the bill
C.The cause of the party's transfer of the bill is invalid, but it does not affect the validity of the issued and circulating bill
D.The actor obtained the bill fraudulently, but the debtor of the bill can sternly defend it

c
According to China's current laws and regulations, neighbors in the same building throw objects to the outside at high altitudes, causing damage to other people's lives or property, and if no parabolic object can be found, the residents of the same building who may cause damage are jointly responsible for compensation.Regulations protect the rights of victims, maintain public safety, colleagues, share responsibility for possible perpetrators, and can increase their awareness of supervision and prevention.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above argument?
A.The monitoring probe is installed in the community, which can accurately determine the real parabolic person and require him to bear responsibility.
B.People buy personal accident insurance and get insurance compensation if they are unfortunately injured by dropped items
C.The residents of the community are worried about taking responsibility, spontaneously publicizing the harm of high-altitude throwing and actively reporting related behaviors
D.The state has set up a special rescue fund to provide some relief to victims of accidents

d
During the Golden Week of each year, all aspects of the society will be hot, especially in terms of economics, and after the end of the Golden Week, there will be a significant decline, so many people think that the Golden Week caused the weak economy in the following months.A big incentive.
If the following are true, which of the following is the most questionable point?
A.The social benefits of Golden Week are far greater than the economic benefits.
B.While continuing to implement the Golden Week system, improve the vacation system as soon as possible, and then gradually transition from Golden Week to paid vacation
C.A large number of foreign tourists suddenly flooded into a city during the Golden Week and then left, which has an inevitable impact on the economy
D.Statistics on food, accommodation, transportation, etc.on weekdays will have a more obvious difference than even weekends.

d
Xiao Zhang and Xiao Li come from two different schools, but they are both good students, because they all have one common characteristic: good study, good morals, and good health.So, good study, good morals, good health are small Why Zhang and Xiaoli became Miyoshi students.
Which of the following options is closest to the above reasoning?
A.Although the temples around the country vary in size, they all have Buddha statues.There is a Buddha statue in Xiaoli's house, so Xiaoli's house is a temple
B.Ants can distinguish smell and direction, but cut off their antennae, it will be like "headless flies".Therefore, ants rely on antennae to distinguish smell and direction
C.The difference in personality between the only child and the non-only child is caused by the environment.Therefore, changing the personality of the only child and the non-only child must change the environment
D.At the same time, different diarrhea patients came to a hospital for treatment.When they learned that they had eaten Tianluo sold in a supermarket, the doctor judged that the diarrhea may be caused by Tianluo

c
According to the "Agricultural Outlook 2015-2024" report, the demand for food in developing countries will undergo significant changes, because as population, per capita income and urbanization continue to expand, the demand for food will also increase.The increase in income will Promote consumers' diets to further diversify, especially increase the consumption of animal protein relative to starchy foods.
From this we can infer:
A.As incomes rise, the quality of life requirements in developing countries will increase
B.Developing countries must face obesity and other diet-related diseases in the future
C.Demand for meat and dairy products will increase further, and prices may climb all the way
D.If consumer diets are further diversified, prices of staple food crops will fall

c
Researchers in Pu'er, Yunnan, studied the effects of climate change factors such as the monsoon rainy season, high temperature and drought on the growth environment and quality value of tea.They traced back the factors that caused the change of chemical substances in tea, and found that during the rainy season, when their growth rate accelerated, The main content of catechins and methylxanthines is only half of the dry season.Therefore, researchers believe that climate change will affect the beneficial chemical content of Yunnan Pu'er tea.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above argument?
A.Pu'er tea leaves may also decrease in useful chemical substances due to factors other than climate change such as pests and other biological invasions
B.The impact of climate change on the beneficial chemical composition of other crops in Pu'er tea producing areas varies widely, or it is obvious, or it is hardly affected
C.Puer tea leaves contain higher secondary metabolites in the dry season, but if the dry season lasts too long, it may decrease its content
D.After testing, in the past five years, the content of beneficial chemical components in Pu'er tea leaves in a mountainous area in Yunnan has little difference between the rainy and dry seasons.

d
U.S.Science magazine pointed out that the global average temperature has continued to rise since the 21st century, and its conclusions are mainly based on a report released by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in 2013 and the global temperature of the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.Records of revised records (corrects deviations from known ocean surface temperature records, incorporates data from new land-based monitoring stations extending to the Arctic, and includes observations from 2013 to 2014).The data model basically does not consider the influence of the inhibitory factors that cause the temperature rise, these factors include weaker solar radiation, the obstruction of sunlight and ocean circulation by volcanic aerosols, etc.
If the following are true, the above argument can be weakened most:
A.As of 2014, the average global temperature has only increased by 0.116 ° C every 10 years.
B.The obstruction of ocean circulation by volcanic aerosols will significantly inhibit the continuous rise in temperature
C.A large amount of buoy data over the past 20 years shows a significant reduction in the rate of ocean warming
D.Global temperature rise tends to stagnate, and the actual temperature is lower than that predicted by the climate model over the same period

c
Climate change has affected coffee planting, and the coffee crisis is brewing.Changes in temperature and precipitation will reduce the yield and quality of coffee, increasing pressure on pests and diseases.Studies show that an average temperature rise of 2 ° C will increase disease (coffee leaf rust) and pests (coffee) Tiger Tian Niu).In fact, most of the possible solutions are either expensive or have negative consequences.Therefore, more economical and feasible solutions need to be studied.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above argument?
A.If their existing coffee crops are destroyed, producers may be forced to return to grow crops of lower economic value
B.The economic effect of coffee is significant, and it is possible to increase funding for the construction of shading systems or extensive control of pests and diseases
C.Intercropping of bananas and coffee beans, using banana plants to provide the extra funds and shade needed to grow coffee beans
D.Farmers can still grow coffee on higher mountains even if the temperature is warming, but it may affect forest vegetation

a
Acid rain usually refers to acidic precipitation with a pH value of less than 5.6.It has great harm to human health, ecological environment, and building facilities, and the direct economic losses caused by it each year are tens of billions of dollars.It can be confirmed that Sulfur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide are the main substances that form acid rain, and they form water-soluble species of acids under the action of oxidants in the air.Researchers have pointed out that reducing the use of coal and petroleum is the cure for acid rain.
Which of the following prerequisites should the judges of the above researchers take?
A.Combustion of coal and petroleum emits large amounts of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide into the air
B.Gases emitted after the combustion of coal and petroleum combine with sulfur dioxide, and nitrogen dioxide will form seed acids
C.The expansion of acid rain area will consume a lot of coal and oil resources, leading to the occurrence of an energy crisis
D.The oxidant released by the combustion of coal and petroleum causes the combination of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide to form seed acids

a
The survey shows that since the resumption of the college entrance examination, the national college entrance examination champion has loved China's six-star universities most.The college entrance examination champion is not "remarkable", and the most profitable hot majors are preferred, such as business management, economics and electronic information science.Low-paid majors rarely win first prizes.Therefore, the society's general expectation of the college entrance examination is: after the college entrance examination, graduates will naturally become the "workplace champion" in the business world.
If the following are true, what will most weaken the argument?
A.Many scholars have been engaged in academic research after graduation and become academic leaders.
B.There are billionaires in the college entrance examination for hard work, but no top figures in the business world appear
C.Most college graduates are engaged in "high-paying occupations" after employment, and rank among white-collar or gold-collar workers in various industries
D.After graduating from the college entrance examination, there are fewer direct employment or entrepreneurship in China, and most of them choose to study abroad.

b
Metaphor, also known as Lianbi, is the use of several metaphoric bodies from different perspectives to illustrate an ontology.Proper use of metaphor can make a deep impression.Using a metaphor can strengthen semantics and increase momentum.Being able to show the characteristics of things or the connotations of things from different sides and from different angles is beyond the reach of other types of metaphors.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are metaphorical:
A.This technician who deals with steel all day is not like steel
B.How much do you worry about? Yichuan Tobacco, Flying Flying Over the City, and Huang Shiyu
C.The characters of the Shanghai people called Xiao Sansan are also very similar to our party, and they are very dry and look very ugly.
D.Peach Blossom Lake is thousands of feet deep, less than Wang Lun sent me

c
The reporter's questions during the interview should be specific, concise and clear, and should not be vague, general, and marginal.John Brady analyzed the disadvantages of asking reporters such as "How do you feel?" It is believed that these questions "actually standstill in terms of information acquisition, and make it impossible for interviewees to answer, unless they are dealt with vague or boring words."
From this we can infer:
A.If the reporter's questions during the interview are specific and clear and clear, it will not cause difficulties for the interviewee to answer.
B.If the interviewee is unable to answer questions, it means that he did not deal with vague or boring words
C.Interviewees can only answer vague and general questions if they respond with vague or boring words
D.Questions such as "How do you feel?" Can only make the interviewee unable to grasp the main points of the question and make general or insincere answers.

b
Human enhancement is the use of high-tech means such as biomedical technology, intelligent technology, neuroscience technology, information technology and nanotechnology to make the function or ability of a healthy human body beyond its normal range, thereby making human appearance, lifespan, personality, cognition and A technological means with fundamental changes in abilities such as behaviors and new abilities, whose purpose is to significantly improve the quality of human good life.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options are not part of human augmentation technology:
A.Actor Zhao Uses Potion to Delay Aging
B.The doctor advised Zhang to perform a heart bypass operation
C.Doctors implant sensors in old Chen's brain to improve their memory
D.Xiao Wang takes medications to increase his height

b
With the development of science and technology, human-computer communication has become a reality, the key of which is brain-port technology.The so-called brain-computer interface is the information system that connects the brain and the computer, allowing the brain to communicate directly with the computer.The computer interface can pass information from the brain to the computer, and can also pass information from the computer into the brain.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following applications are not part of the brain-computer interface technology:
A.A game player's brain is implanted with a device through which the robot is controlled with thoughts, holding a cup and drinking tea
B.A game player wears a set of prosthetic equipment, and after many exercises, walks with strong willpower to achieve walking
C.A game player wears a face accessory, and the accessory makes corresponding instructions based on the wearer's mood changes
D.A swimmer puts on a set of high-tech headphones, concentrates, and avoids obstacles through mental control of the ball

b
Descriptiveness is the use of vivid language to specifically describe the state of a person or scene.From the perspective of description, it can be divided into the frontal description and side description.The frontal description refers to the direct display of the scene, the characteristics of the environment, or by describing the character.Appearance, psychology, and action are used to reflect the personality characteristics of a character.Side description is also called indirect description, which is to enhance the character's image, scenery characteristics or related events from the side.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options are both front-side and side-side:
A.A sun-drenched pavement in the water
B.The wind and dust in the desert are dark, and the red flag is half rolled out of the gate
C.The heavenly sky crosses the sky, and the Wuyue hides the red city
D.Thousands of warbler cries, green and red, water village mountain Guojiu flag wind

c
The benefit of wooden chairs refers to the arrangement of two groups of students with equal grades to sit on comfortable sofa chairs and very uncomfortable wooden chairs to study.Soon after, students with wooden chairs will have higher academic performance than students with sofa chairs.Many.The reason is that the student sitting on the wooden chair constantly adjusts the sitting position because of discomfort.On the surface, it seems to be disturbed and active, but in fact, it supplies the brain with more blood and nutrition.Without motion, the blood circulation is relatively slowed, and the blood and nutrients obtained by the brain are relatively reduced, so the learning effect is worse.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options best reflect the effect of wooden chairs:
A.A student has been punished from childhood to fullness, and his academic performance has been unsatisfactory.
B.A parent provides a cold drink every day to encourage children to study in the summer
C.Xiaogang walks to school and goes home every day.
D.One month after moving into the new study, Xiao Ming's performance climbed all the way

a
Limonene, commonly known as a lemon essential oil, is usually used to make citrus flavoring agents.It is one of the chemical ingredients in the middle of many fragrances such as air fresheners and body sprays.Limonene itself is not terrible because the chemical is harmful to the human body.It does not pose a major hazard.In fact, it can be used as a flavoring agent in foods.However, once limonene is sprayed into the air, it changes quickly.Studies have shown that when limonene is generally present in the air, In the presence of ozone, two limonene molecules will form a single molecule compound-methanol.When a large amount of limonene in the room is converted into methanol, the effect will be very different.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Using air fresheners may be harmful to us
B.Limonene is harmful to the human body when used as a flavoring agent in food
C.If a high methanol concentration is measured in the room, it means that too much fragrance is used
D.In life, we should try to avoid using items containing limonene

c
As an anti-aging drug, the secret of rapamycin's longevity lies in its ability to block the mTOR channel-one of the "master switches" that controls the process of affecting cell growth and reproduction.When food is abundant, this channel changes from hormones and nutrition The signal obtained in the substance causes cells to absorb nutrients and grow, but the process of metabolism and growth of cells will produce by-products that stimulate cell aging; when the intake of food calories is restricted, this channel can send signals to stop cells from growing, thereby To delay aging.Rapamycin is probably the most effective anti-aging drug found so far.
Which of the following, if true, does not support the above conclusions:
A.Rapamycin is used to treat certain cancers because of its inhibitory effect on cell growth
B.Experimental studies have shown that rapamycin can extend the lifespan of yeast, worms and fruit flies
C.Rapamycin makes people more vulnerable to bacteria and viruses while delaying aging
D.Rapamycin can block mTOR channels without limiting food calorie intake

d
Consumption culture refers to the sum of consumption concepts, consumption methods, consumption behaviors and consumption environments that people have shown in material production, spiritual production, social life and consumption activities in a certain historical stage.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of the consumer culture:
The Eleven Golden Week holiday promoted the leisure consumption of residents participating in domestic and foreign tourism
B.Among young people, they are more willing to buy items they need through online shopping
C Middle-aged and elderly people, especially the elderly, like to spend in a quiet and comfortable place for shopping
With the development of the Internet, many young people have opened their own online stores.

c
Cartel, one of the forms of monopoly organization, refers to capitalist enterprises in the same production sector, with the purpose of obtaining monopoly high profits and strengthening their position in the competition, and signing agreements with each other on the sales market, commodity output and commodity prices.A monopoly alliance formed by agreements and the exchange of licenses for new technologies.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not cartels:
A.In the same production department, each producer signs an agreement that specifies the regional scope of the sales market
B.In the same production sector, each producer signs an agreement specifying the monopoly price of a commodity
C.In the same production sector, stronger producers purchase 80% of the equity of weaker producers at a price higher than 20% of the market
D.In the same production department, each producer signs an agreement stipulating a certain quantity of goods to be produced and sold, and requires each participant to comply

c
The knowledge economy refers to the contribution of scientific and technological progress, including intellectual property resources, to economic growth is greater than the contribution of traditional production factors such as labor, natural resources, and funds to economic growth.The knowledge economy is based on the production and distribution of knowledge and experience And economy of use.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of the knowledge economy:
A.High penetration of knowledge into traditional industries, comprehensively improving the technological content of traditional industries, and promoting the continuous upgrading of industries
B.When starting a company, you can use intellectual property investment to run a business
C.College students use what they have learned to start a company
D.Rapid development of high-tech industries

c
Emotional incentive method refers to a management incentive method that stimulates the enthusiasm of the managed person through good emotional relationships, so as to improve work efficiency.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are the effects of emotional motivation:
A.An employee feels helpless because he accused the manager at the meeting, being satired, cracked down, and retaliated
B.An employee who was suspected of collecting customer benefits in private and was ordered to reflect on his post, he was sad
C.The employees' thoughts and actions are praised by the leaders, and they have a feeling of persistence
D.The manager's office decides that employees will not be allowed to talk about housework in the company in the future

d
Industrial property rights refer to the possession of intellectual property rights that are used in the production and distribution of inventions and distinctive marks for a certain period of time.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are industrial property rights:
A.Ownership of real estate such as workshops and factories in a state-owned enterprise
B.Ownership of foreign advanced assembly line production equipment recently purchased by an enterprise
C.Property rights of a high-tech research institute in a chemical plant
D.Rights enjoyed by an electrical appliance manufacturer over a brand created through years of hard work

b
Intracellular digestion refers to the digestion of food ingested by single-celled animals by various hydrolytic enzymes.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following belong to intracellular digestion:
A.Poultry digests in the stomach after eating food
B.Paramecium living in freshwater devours Bacillus subtilis
C.When a person is sick and unable to eat, inject glucose and amino acids by dripping
D.Alpaca digests food after rumination after eating

b
Realistic progressive decision-making means that the decision-maker cannot have all the wisdom of the human being and all the information about the decision-making, and the time and cost of the decision-making are limited.Therefore, the decision-maker can only adopt the method of coping with the situation in the "biased mutual adjustment" "Making decisions.The theory requires that decision-making procedures be simplified, that the decisions are practical, feasible, and in line with the requirements of interest groups, and strive to solve practical problems.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are realistic progressive decisions:
A.General manager Li of a certain economic and trade company can consider all company actions and the impact of the actions before making a decision, and choose the action with the greatest value as a countermeasure.
B.Chairman Zhang believes that in the decision-making of the company's development, it is impossible to foresee all the results.Only a "satisfactory" plan can be selected from the alternatives, so only part of the results of the plan are often viewed.
C.Director Tian was largely controlled by the subconscious when making department development decisions, and many decision-making actions were often emotional and therefore made unwise arrangements.
D.Director Li emphasized that the factory's production cannot be blindly expanded.It should be based on the reality of factory development.When faced with an opportunity, it should take decisive action, invest limited resources and time into important links, and continue to continue production in future work.perfect

c
Prospect theory refers to the theory that most people are risk-averse when facing gains; most people are risk-preferred when facing losses, and people are more sensitive to losses than to gains.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not in line with prospect theory:
A.If you choose A.you will definitely win 500 yuan; if you choose B, 50% may win 1,000 yuan, and 50% may get nothing.At this time, most people will choose A
B.With Plan A.you can save 200 people; With Plan B, one third may save 600 people, and two thirds may not save one person.People are more willing to choose Plan A
C.Reaching the same destination, choosing a familiar road will be 10 hours late, choosing a strange road, two-thirds maybe 20 hours late, and one-third may arrive on time.People are more willing to choose a familiar road
D.If you choose A.you will definitely lose 1,000 yuan, if you choose B, you may lose 2,000 yuan, and 50% may not lose.People are more willing to choose B

c
Export subsidies (export subsidies) refer to the cash subsidies or financial concessions that the government of a country gives exporters to reduce the price of exported goods and strengthen their competitiveness in foreign markets.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not subject to export subsidies:
A.Tax incentives for bicycles produced by a company
B.Tax exemption for an export company
C.A TV is sold at a reduced price when it is exported to Africa
D.The town government finances an export aquatic group

a
Avoidance refers to the fact that judicial personnel are not allowed to handle the case because of a special relationship with the case or the parties to the case.The purpose is to prevent malpractice or prejudice in favor of the fair trial of the case.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not evasive situations:
A.Brothers A.B, and C filed a lawsuit with the court for contention.After mediation by the court, B and C proposed that Judge Liu of the court was A's wife and brother, and that Judge Liu and Judge Zhang were friends in this case.Judge Zhang should be avoided
B.A fights with B, and A beats B seriously.The police officer responsible for investigating this case is A's puppet.He has always been fair and selfless, and is known as a man.But B's relatives still ask A's puppet to avoid
C.A accidentally injured B.He was brought to the court.A was sentenced to 2 years in prison in the first instance.A appealed against the judgment.After the court of the second instance accepted it, a collegial panel was formed.The clerk of the collegial panel was newly transferred.He was injured during the first trial of the case.Testified.A presented to the court that the clerk should evade
D.A and B have litigated to the court for a contract dispute, and the judge responsible for hearing this case is A's cousin.Party B proposes that the judge should avoid

b
"The same vote and the same power" reflects respect for the right of farmers to participate in politics, and is conducive to allowing more grassroots representatives to reflect the true aspirations and aspirations of the vast number of farmers, and it is also conducive to building a harmonious urban-rural pattern in the process of building a new socialist countryside.
It can be inferred from this:
A."Same vote and same power" is the only way to build a harmonious society
B."Same vote and same power" will increase farmers' enthusiasm for political participation
C.The government has paid more attention to farmers' right to participate in politics
D.Farmers' right to participate in politics needs to be guaranteed by effective policies

d
Lying is often more difficult than telling the truth, because telling the truth can only be stated based on facts, and lies often want to get appreciation or attention, or to avoid scolding, and want to express their wishes, etc., which must be strong Imagination and logical thinking.
It can be inferred from this:
A.People who lie often have stronger imagination and logical thinking skills than people who tell the truth
B.To tell the truth the imagination and logical thinking ability are not as good as those who lie
C.Liars are better at telling the truth
D.People who lack imagination and logical thinking are not good at telling lies

c
Lee can't drive, so Lee takes the subway to work.
The premise for reaching the above conclusions is:
A.No one who works by subway will drive
B.Only those who do not take the subway to work will drive
C.All people who can't drive take the subway to work
D.All those who can drive do not take the subway to work

d
Integrity is the foundation.However, when articles are plagiarized, college entrance examination fraud, ethnic fraud, official corruption and bribery are repeatedly exposed, once the moral system collapses, society will not continue to operate normally.By checking the credit status in the credit history, it can be very large To a certain extent, it can alleviate the problem of asymmetry in social information and implement psychological deterrence for those who break faith.
It can be inferred from this:
A."Credit ID" has authoritative proof and credibility
B.Proof of integrity is not the key to ensuring the integrity
C.Lack of integrity, social moral system on the verge of collapse
D."Credit ID" is a useful attempt to maintain and rebuild social integrity

d
In recent years, with the further expansion of colleges and universities, the number of college graduates has also increased, the social labor market has seen an oversupply situation, and employment pressure has greatly increased, and the employment rate of college graduates in some regions has fallen to less than half the level.A phenomenon that the employment situation of college students is generally better than that of undergraduates.
Among the options below, which do not help explain the above phenomenon:
A.Employment expectations of college students are lower than those of undergraduates
B.Undergraduate students have strong theoretical knowledge but the relatively weak hands-on ability
C.Expanded demand for skilled talent in society
D.College students are not smarter than undergraduates

c
According to the original meaning of science, science is rational; philosophy is highly rationalized, and of course it is also science.Therefore, in the history of philosophy, it has long played an all-inclusive role of "science of science" until the birth of Marxist philosophy, It is necessary to properly handle the relationship between science and philosophy, but in ancient universities, a doctor of philosophy is a real doctor of science.
Based on this text, Which of the following inferences are correct:
A.Science has always been a branch of philosophy
B.Marxist philosophy science and philosophy completely separate the relationship
C.Philosophy and science are rational
D.Science is philosophy, philosophy is science

a
If Li Rui can speak English, then Wang Wei, Wen Rui and Zhang Min will definitely speak English.
From this we can know:
A.If Li Rui, Wen Rui and Zhang Min can all speak English, then Wang Wei must also speak English
B.If Li Rui does not speak English, then at least one of Wang Wei, Wen Rui and Zhang Min cannot speak English
C.If Zhang Min cannot speak English, then Li Rui and Zhang Min cannot both speak English
D.If Wang Wei and Wenrui cannot speak English, then Zhang Min cannot speak English

b
Like motion means that under certain time and space conditions, people see motion between stationary objects, or where there is no continuous displacement, they see continuous displacement.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following options are not motion-like phenomena:
A.Green hills on both sides of the strait
B.Sitting on the ground for 80,000 miles
C.Ueumae-gun, Gunpo, the sky moves
D.The bright moon is passionate, walk everywhere

d
Time perception distortion refers to the perception of incorrect time.In life, due to various factors, people's perception of time is often unrealistic, sometimes it is too long, and sometimes it is too short.Many reasons It can cause the perception of time to be distorted.In reality, a bad performance will make people feel like they are sitting on a needle and feel that the end is far away.On the contrary, people always think that the time of beauty and joy is too short.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following options do not fit the time-aware distortion:
A.See you in a day, like March
B.Pleasure is short, loneliness and hate are longer
C.The lonely house is living like a year, and the wind is gradually changing
D.It's only seven days since the spring, and it's been two years since leaving home

d
In recent years, spaghetti has been crowned with a bad reputation for causing obesity, so many people have a hateful and entangled mood when facing this Mediterranean diet.However, the Italian Institute of Mediterranean Neurology Human studies have found that pasta does not cause weight gain as many people think.Moreover, pasta does not only cause obesity, but also has the opposite effect-reducing body fat rate.Research results show that if people can With the right amount of intake and a guaranteed dietary diversity, Italy is of great benefit to people's health.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Carbohydrates in noodles are important factors leading to obesity
B.No research has shown that pasta causes an increase in obesity in the population
C.Olive oil used in the Mediterranean diet is great for your health
D.Consumption of spaghetti can maintain people's ideal body fat rate

d
For a long time, psychologists have supported the "mathematical talent theory"; mathematical ability is the ability that humans have from birth, even animals have this ability.They believe that there is a natural mathematical core that slowly develops through the self.This kind of mathematical kernel will eventually "grow" into all the mathematical abilities we are familiar with.Recently, opponents have put forward different views; mathematical abilities have no talent and can only be the product of culture.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the opponent's view:
A.Babies from 10 to 12 months already know that 3 black dots are different from 4 black dots
B.Mathematics is the product of the brain, and the brain's growth patterns have long been "preset" by genes
C.Artificially trained gorillas, dolphins and elephants can handle mathematical problems
D.The majority of the residents of the primitive tribe can only represent a number below 5 or even less

d
Prior to the large-scale medical use of antibiotics, the drug resistance effect was almost meaningless to bacteria, and the harmful effect of mutation itself was even more important.Normal use of antibiotics can kill almost all target bacteria, and individual fish that miss the net are usually destroyed by the human immune system Although some of these bacterial individuals already have drug-resistant buds, these buds are not enough to withstand normal doses of antibiotics and will disappear when the individual dies.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Gene mutation is the root cause of the spread of drug-resistant bacteria
B.Bacteria use genetic mutations to weaken the effects of antibiotics
C.Antibiotics will not be able to attack the germs after they become resistant
D.Drug resistance will not spread quickly without antibiotic abuse

c
"Circular economy" is essentially an ecological economy, which requires the use of ecological laws instead of mechanical laws to guide the economic activities of human society, which is characterized by low mining, low emissions and high utilization.
Which of the following are not part of the circular economy approach:
A.Changing the single-program economy into a circular economy
B.Changing the consumption-based economy into a rest-oriented economy
C.Changing the reserve economy into a growth economy
D.Returning farmland to lake and farmland to forest

c
Counterclaim: Refers to an action in which an accused has filed an independent action in an action that has been linked to the original suit.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following actions are counterclaims:
A.Teacher sues student against borrowing money, student sues teacher for plagiarism
B.Plaintiff sues for divorce, and the defendant asks the court to confirm marriage
C.The plaintiff sued, asking the defendant to deliver according to the sales contract, and the defendant sued the supplier for failing to trade on time.
D.The plaintiff sued the defendant for the ownership of the house he lived in, and the defendant asked the court to let the plaintiff repay the arrears

a
Halo effect: Also known as prejudice effect, the observer makes a biased (positive or negative) valuation of a person based on the characteristics of the person, and extends this valuation to other aspects.
Which of the following are not the halo effects:
A.Teacher Yang, the class teacher, hates disheveled, unkempt male students, because she always feels that such students have intellectual problems.
B.Xiaoyang's family bought a Taihaier refrigerator, which feels particularly good.After that, as long as the family buys appliances, such as washing machines, air conditioners, etc., they all buy the Haier brand.
C.Former Soviet psychologists conducted a survey of 72 people, and 9 people think that a generous forehead is a sign of honesty and honesty
D.When going out, my mother told Xiaomin to pay attention to the pickpockets on the bus.It was Xiaomin on the bus who felt that everyone was like a pickpocket, so he held his bag tightly.

c
Speculative: Buying to sell (or temporarily sell) goods in the future in order to profit from their price changes
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are speculative:
A.Ten years ago, Lao Zhang contracted 15 acres of orchards in the village that no one wanted, and now he relies on fruit trees to get rich.
B.Xiao Liu recently bought a pair of leather shoes and resold to friends because she didn't like the style
C.Lao Yang bought 2000 shares for 10.03 yuan and sold for 11.00 yuan
D.Mr.Wang bought a house for his own living.After the house price rose, Mr.Wang sold the house to make a profit.

b
Phobia: refers to the patient's strong fear of a specific object or situation or when dealing with people, and take the initiative to avoid this anxiety
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are phobias:
A.Xiaohong has been afraid of bugs since she was a child.She hides behind her parents when she sees the bugs.Now Xiaohong is 20 years old and still afraid of bugs, she will scream and jump when she sees them
B.The construction worker Xiao Zhang fell from a high fence once and caused a fracture.After he was well, he was afraid to go to a high place and changed his job.He moved his home to the first floor and didn't even dare to watch TV.Shows about aerial work
C.Yu Yanyan is particularly afraid of the dark.When it is dark, she must hurry home, unless she is in a night city with a lot of lights.If she needs to be in a dark place, someone must accompany her before she dares to go
D.Liu Ye is a very introverted person, who blushes at the sight of a stranger.If the opposite sex is more serious, he can't even speak, so he is particularly afraid of social occasions.She is extremely nervous at every organizational event.

a
News infringement: Refers to the use of mass media to deliberately fabricate facts or negligent reports to disseminate illegal or false news to the audience, thereby infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of citizens and legal persons.News infringement can be divided into criminal crimes.The former is mainly a crime of defamation, which refers to an act of "fabricating facts to slander others with serious circumstances".The latter mainly refers to infringement of Ling's copyright, portrait right, reputation right and privacy right.
Which of the following are not infringing:
A.A TV station advertises a certain secret medicine that cures all diseases, which attracts audiences.
B.A magazine uses the hurdle photos of the Olympic Games as its cover without Liu Xiang's permission
C.A radio station advertised a misbranded augmented product "Gallery", deceiving many consumers
D.A publishing house revised and published "The Complete Works of Lu Xun" with the consent of Mr.Lu Xun's family

c
Administrative counterpart: means a citizen, legal person or other organization in a managed position in administrative management,
Based on the above definition, which of the following options is correct:
A.Public servant Lee is an administrative counterpart to the administrative agency to which he belongs
B.Citizen A belongs to the administrative counterpart in the notarization
C.A company is an administrative counterpart when applying to the municipal government for administrative reconsideration
D.A county procuratorate is an administrative counterpart when applying to the municipal construction committee for approval to build an employee dormitory building

c
The World Health Organization (WHO) has announced that smallpox has been eliminated on the earth and issued a notice: In the future, any case of smallpox identified will be awarded a $ 1,000 bonus.By the end of 1979, although more than 90 reports had been received, However, according to a special investigation, all reports are mistaken for chickenpox and measles diseases as smallpox.Therefore, none of them can receive this bonus.
Which of the following judgments is incorrect:
A.All reporting reporters want bonuses
B.WHO officials believe smallpox has been eliminated
C.Smallpox has nothing in common with chickenpox and measles
D.If one person receives a bonus, it means that smallpox has not been eliminated from the planet

a
A.B, and C work in Beijing, Nanjing, and Chengdu.Their occupations are doctors, actors, and teachers.Known: A does not work in Beijing, B does not work in Nanjing; not teachers in Beijing; doctors in Nanjing; B is not an actor.
So, where do A.B, and C work?
A.Nanjing, Chengdu and Beijing
B.Chengdu, Beijing and Nanjing
C.Nanjing, Beijing and Chengdu
D.Chengdu, Nanjing and Beijing

b
Papers are excerpted or quoted.Although some are qualitative value expressions of the paper, they do not always show the quality of the paper, and some may be used to oppose critical excerpts from the thesis.Other quotes may only be ideological and coherent.The abstracts journals do not pay attention to it, do not cite or omit, and the papers that are not cited are not necessarily unimportant and not excellent.
From this we can infer:
A.Most articles in abstracts are of low quality
B.Some high-quality papers will not appear in abstracts
C.Really good papers are not cited
D.The most controversial papers are most likely to be cited

b
Because the value of the same real estate will be different at different times, the valuation is usually only an estimate of the value of the valuation object at a specific time.This time is called the valuation time point.
According to this text, Which of the following statements must be wrong:
A.According to different valuation purposes, the valuation point can be in the past
B.The valuation time is the specific time when the valuation operation starts in advance
C.Real estate projects to be demolished will receive different compensation due to different time points of valuation
D.When predicting the price of a real estate project after completion, the valuation point is in the future

c
Scientists studied 76 patients with heart disease.They used "one volunteer to bring a dog to visit the patient", "one volunteer to visit the patient" and "no volunteer" to test them separately.The results of these patients found that the patient's anxiety level decreased by 24% in the first case, the patient's anxiety level decreased by only 10% in the second case, and the patient's anxiety level remained at the original level in the third case.So scientists believe that dogs can help people with heart disease reduce anxiety.
Which of the following can most weaken a scientist's argument?
A.Experiments with and without dogs were selected at two different time periods
B.Most of the volunteers who bring dogs like and keep pet dogs by themselves
C.Of the patients visited, the vast majority liked and raised their own pet dogs
D.Most dogs taken by volunteers to visit patients are more meek

c
Anyone who has attended primary school in Huangtu Village, as long as he is not over 25 years old, is a student of Teacher Xin.None of the people in the village does not know Teacher Xin, and Zhao Da knows Teacher Xin.Li Lan in Huangtu Village is Zhao Da's wife, He is 24 years old and graduated from elementary school when he was 14.
From this we can infer:
A.Zhao is not a student of Teacher Xin
B.Zhao is not from Huangtu Village
C.Li Lan is a student of Teacher Xin
D.Zhao is from Huangtu Village

b
According to statistics, 85% of Internet users have a college degree or above; 88% of users are between the ages of 18 and 35; most users have professional skills, master a foreign language, and are innovative and forward-thinking; most users are concentrated in Developed regions such as Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, Jiangsu and Zhejiang, and Guangdong have strong international awareness.These talents are the targets for multinational companies.
Based on this, it can be inferred:
A.Multinational companies are mainly concentrated in more developed regions
B.MNCs require international awareness of the talent they recruit
C.Multinational companies recruit on the Internet, the success rate will be higher
D.Internet recruitment methods have replaced traditional recruitment methods in the recruitment of multinational companies

a
There are four people in A.B, and D.Each person can only speak two of the four languages: English, French, German, and Chinese.There is no one language that everyone can speak, but one language that three people can speak.In addition, A cannot speak French, but when C needs him as a translator when communicating.B can speak Chinese, although D can't understand, but they can communicate.No one can speak all three languages.No one knows both German and Chinese.
Based on this, it can be inferred that the languages of the three people are:
A.English
B.French
C.German
D.Chinese

a
66 Perceived defense: refers to a way of thinking that people protect themselves.This tendency makes it easier for people to pay attention to those things that can meet their needs, and to ignore those things that have nothing to do with their needs and not hear them.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not perceptual defenses:
A.Worry and worry before the world, joy and happiness after the world
B.Hearing out of the window with both ears, read the Holy Book with one heart
C.The poor post-lord also returned to the shrine, and the evening talked as "Liang Fu Yin"
D.The business girl doesn't know the hatred of the country, she still sings the backyard flowers across the river

d
67 Shareholder Representative Litigation: When the company's legitimate rights and interests are illegally violated but the company is not suing, the company's shareholders will sue in their own name and the compensation will be attributed to the company's litigation system.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following situations can bring shareholder representative actions:
A.Company A does not distribute profits to shareholders for 5 consecutive years, and the company has been profitable for 5 consecutive years
B.Company A's rights were illegally infringed, and the company's shareholders requested to check the accounting books, which was rejected by the company
C.The manager of a company privately used company assets to provide guarantees to others, and the company's board of directors sued.
D.Company B has been in arrears with Company A for nearly two years, and Company A's board of directors and managers have not taken any measures to demand

b
68 Administrative power oversteps: Refers to administrative staff members who implement administrative licenses who have exceeded administrative powers and made administrative licensing actions that do not fall within their scope of authority.Administrative power oversteps include: (1) no power; (2) hierarchical power over; ) Things go beyond power; (4) Geography goes beyond power.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts that do not constitute administrative oversight are:
A.The provincial governor's office approves the land acquisition in a district to build a provincial key middle school community
B.Public security organs conduct investigations into clues about suspected economic crimes and conduct corresponding investigations
C.In order to ensure the supply of New Year's goods, a county price authority has approved and formulated a new pork market price
D.In order to recover the losses caused by natural disasters, a government office in a certain place requires cadres and employees of all units in the jurisdiction to purchase 50 kg of vegetables per person

c
69 Psychosomatic disease: refers to a physical disease with psychosocial factors as the main cause or incentive to participate.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are psychosomatic diseases:
A.Lao Li's health is usually good, but as soon as the catkins fly and the flowers are full of spring, he will have asthma
B.Xiao Yang was unfortunately infected with AIDS due to blood transfusion.
C.Xiaoyang is always striving for strength, and has a bad temper.He must use antihypertensive drugs to control his blood pressure when he encounters unpleasant things.
D.Because she lost her lovely son in a car accident, Ms.Wang became "crazy" and talked crazy when she saw someone

d
70 artificial intelligence: can imitate human intelligence and behavior, can sense the environment and decision planning in a complex and changeable unknown environment, so as to actively perform tasks or complete set goals.
By definition, Which of the following are in the category of artificial intelligence:
A.A fully automatic washing machine can automatically complete a series of washing processes such as water injection, washing, water changing and spinning after the user adds clothes.
B.The assembly line robot can complete the assembly of different parts of different machines and equipment according to the parameters preset by the engineer
C.The personality test software can calculate according to the tester's various input parameters and according to the designed algorithm, so as to give the testee's personality description
D.The newly developed robot dog of Sony Corporation in Japan can identify men and women according to their wearing and appearance characteristics, and greet different people with "hello Mr." and "hello Miss"

a
71 The subject matter of litigation: refers to a certain civil legal relationship or right that the dispute of the parties requires the people's court to resolve through trial.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are subject of litigation:
A.The original loan of 1,000 yuan in dispute between the defendants
B.The reputation between the defendants was harmed by defamation
C.Relationship between the indictment and the indictment between the plaintiff and the defendant
D.The robbery occurred between the defendant and the victim, the victim relationship

c
72 Evidence: All facts that can prove the facts of the case.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is not evidence?
A.A stole at a store at night, stealing 2,000 yuan, two fur coats, and stabbed the shop watchman with a dagger that he brought with him.After being captured, the public security officer found a dagger that killed the watchman from his home.And two stolen fur coats
B.When A killed the officer on duty, someone happened to pass by.The public security officer found the passerby.The passerby described the killing behaviour he saw.
C.When the public security officer investigated A's neighbor, A's neighbor said that A usually has the habit of thief and petty, and is arbitrary and domineering, often scolding pedestrians, and said that on the night of the incident, he did not see A near his home
D.A police officer found a letter from A's friend.In the letter, A said that he had stolen a fur coat and killed the officer on duty.He also said that he was scared.

d
73 Real Judgment: The simplest form of judgment, here is to positively or negatively indicate a general property of a single thing (affirmative judgment: the rose is red; negative judgment: the rose is not blue; Infinite judgment: roses are not camels).
According to the above definition, which of the following is not a real judgment?
A.Earth is not a star
B.The earth is round
C.The earth is not round
D.The earth makes a circular motion around the sun

c
75 The so-called restrictive competition refers to the behavior of the government and its departments, public enterprises or other operators who have an exclusive status in accordance with the law to prevent or even completely prevent or exclude market players from competing.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are restrictions on the competition:
A.A toy factory claims that stuffed toys produced by another toy factory in the city are filled with "black heart cotton", which is purely fabricated after investigation.
B.A city's quality supervision and management authority recommended a certain brand of phone, and pointed out that the quality of the phone produced by several manufacturers was problematic, and asked all units not to buy
C.A user of a city's power company requires that users who replace the meter must use the meters produced by their designated manufacturers
D.A city's consumer association recommends consumers to buy a health product, but does not receive any compensation

b
86 An American zoologist put a large mirror in front of the chimpanzee's cage to observe their response.They can recognize themselves from the mirror and often look for the part of their body that they can't normally see in the mirror for a long time.Chimpanzee gorillas do not have this ability.
From this we can infer:
A.Although the chimpanzees and gorillas are closer, the intelligence of the chimpanzees is slightly better.
B.Chimpanzees are better than gorillas in some ways
C.This ability of the chimpanzee is related to the environment in which it lives
D.Animals and other animals have this ability

c
The latest 87 research results show that people with lower levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in the blood are more likely to have memory defects than those with higher levels, and the former are 27% more likely to develop memory defects than the latter.At the same time, high-density lipids Protein cholesterol can transport blood lipids from blood vessels to the liver for treatment, effectively preventing heart disease and other cardiovascular diseases, while low-density lipoprotein cholesterol can transport blood lipids from the liver into blood vessels, causing disease.
From this, it can be inferred:
A.High cholesterol content is harmful to human health
B.People with lower blood lipids are generally healthier
C.High-density lipoprotein cholesterol can lower blood lipids
D.Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in the blood of people with memory impairment

c
The 88-car rally schedule is divided into two parts: the driving section and the special section (segment).The driving section refers to the section between the two special sections.The driver only needs to reach the new special section before the specified competition time.There is one special section.Limited time, for example, the distance between point A and point B is 50 kilometers.If the car can reach the fastest in 30 minutes, the time limit of the car must be less than 30 minutes, such as 27 minutes.When a driver takes more than At 27 minutes, there will be a penalty time.The last penalty time is the champion.
From this we can infer:
A.The driver's performance is composed of two parts: a special road section and a driving road section.
B.It takes less time on special sections and more time on driving sections
C.Every champion must have a penalty time
D.Car rally is a popular sport

d
89 In a track and field qualifier, Zhang Qiang surpassed Li Jin, while Song Zhi's performance was better than Wang Ping but not as Ma Zheng.
From this we can infer:
A.Ma Zheng's performance is better than Zhang Qiang
B.Li Jin's performance exceeds Wang Ping
C.Zhang Qiang's performance is better than Song Zhi
D.Wang Ping ranked third at most among the five

d
Scientists from 90 countries recently said that they have successfully used the embryonic stem cells to artificially cultivate type O rh-negative blood in the laboratory for the first time.Because type O rh-negative blood is called "universal blood type", it can be matched with any other blood type, which makes it Humans will no longer have to worry about blood strain.
If the following are true, the above conclusions can be weakened most:
A.After induction, pluripotent stem cells may also produce blood
B.Insufficient blood supply is not a fatal threat to many patients
C.Artificial culture of O-negative blood using embryonic stem cells is now more expensive
D.Type A.B, and AB blood Rh negative type as raw materials for the production of type O Rh negative blood, these blood types are also scarce

b
91.Observers who are limited by malice and hatred, even if they have a keen observation, they can only see which of the following is on the surface.Only when keen observation combined with goodwill and love can one reach the deepest part of people and the world.And there is hope to reach the highest lofty goals.
From this we can infer:
A.No one in the world can achieve the highest goals
B.It is impossible to reach the deepest part of a person without keen observation
C.Human evil is the appearance of a man
D.A good-looking observer cannot see which of the following is on the surface

d
92 The unproven testimony of any witness is not the basis for jury judgment, because in general it is wise to have a high degree of suspicion that anyone has no evidence, but jurors should not believe that they are common in order to be consistent.Experience: Convict defendant based on all unproven confession.
Which of the following supports this view?
A.In cases where the accused withdrew all confessions before trial, the jurors were usually acquitted
B.The purpose of the jury selection process is to select those who have a firm opinion on the defendant's crimes before trial.
C.When the defendant does commit the crime or finally believes that the plaintiff has sufficient evidence, he sometimes confesses
D.For those charged with a crime and easily implied, it is difficult for them to determine their memories of the past, and they eventually accept the charges against them.

d
93.A magazine publishes a list of car sales for that year every year.Management consulting experts believe that this list should not be the basis for each consumer to decide which car to buy.
If the following are true, which of the following can best support the opinions of management consulting experts:
A.People who subscribe to this magazine are usually those who have recently purchased a car
B.Some people are not happy with the cars they bought based on the rankings in the magazine
C.Different consumers should determine different car purchase standards according to their actual conditions
D.The top-ranked automaker in the magazine used the move to advertising to attract more consumers

d
The lives of 94 people are short-lived and unpredictable.When science cannot relieve people of their great suffering, it is cruel to deprive them of the power to gain comfort through faith.Those who cannot bear the burden of science can be spared.Restrictively ignore the mottos of science.
From this we can infer:
A.There is no conflict between science and belief, and no one believes in science
B.Human life cannot be interpreted by science, we can only be freed by faith
C.With the progress and development of science, religious belief will be replaced by scientific and rational thinking
D.Faith plays the role of savior in areas where science is powerless

c
95 Danish and Japanese scientists have found that whether young parents smoke is related to the ratio of males to females giving birth to babies.If neither parent smokes, the ratio of males to females is 1.214 to 1.If both parties smoke more than 20 cigarettes a day The ratio of male to female babies decreased to 0.823 to 1.Even if only one party smoked and the smoking habit was not heavy, the probability of giving birth to a boy would decrease.It is speculated that the sperm or male embryo carrying the chromosome is more vulnerable to smoking.In addition to smoking, emotional stress and environmental pollution can also cause a decline in the proportion of boys.
From this perspective:
A.X chromosomes are not affected by smoking, so there is a greater chance of having a girl
B.There are more men than women in the world because non-smokers are the majority
C.Both spouses are less likely to have a baby than both boys
D.Men's Z chromosome is more fragile than X

d
Operating assets are assets that can provide goods or services to the society in production and circulation.The unit of use of operating assets is an enterprise with the status of a legal person, and its operation should be based on the principle of pursuing economic benefits.From an accounting perspective, it mainly refers to enterprises Assets that are held for-profit purposes and are actually profitable.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as "operating assets":
A.Backlog of black and white TVs in a TV factory
B.Hydropower station that has not been put into use during construction
C.Bank deposits used by a foreign trade company to pay taxes
D.New laboratory equipment and equipment purchased by a key middle school

a
Risk aversion refers to the elimination of the risk or the conditions under which the risk occurs through the change of the plan, and the protection of the target from the risk.The risk aversion does not mean the complete elimination of the risk, but the avoidance of the possible losses caused by the risk.This is mainly to take pre-control measures; the second is to reduce the degree of loss, which mainly includes two aspects: pre-control and post-remediation.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not "risk aversion":
A.The business of a foreign language training institution has developed rapidly in the past two years, but it lacks supporting capital investment, so the institution chooses to raise funds through the issuance of shares by listing.
B.An advertising company has implemented many incentive mechanisms to reduce staff turnover, including providing more training opportunities, increasing bonuses, and increasing insurance coverage.
C.Xiao Li likes wealth management in his spare time.His wealth management products in the bank involve many types, including bonds, funds, short-term and long-term.He feels that this kind of financial management is more stable.
D.A shopping website has a dedicated storage warehouse, which usually supplies stable goods, but often in short supply during the holiday season, for this reason, the company has developed a series of plans to control cargo storage and logistics management

c
Selective contact means that the audience does not treat any media and content indiscriminately when they are exposed to mass communication activities, but prefers to contact those who are consistent or close to their existing positions, opinions, and attitudes, or Intentionally or unintentionally avoid media or content that contradicts your existing tendencies.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are "selective contacts":
A.Group activities of the sunset red series tour launched by travel agencies are welcomed by many retired people
B.The best-selling people for weight loss products are those who are losing weight, not those who are planning to lose weight
C.The first thing a junior high school political teacher, Wang, goes home every day is to watch the news webcast
D.Director Zhao respects humanistic management and often participates in humanistic orientation training courses in psychology

b
Figurative generation is a rhetorical method based on metaphor to represent the ontology.The metaphor comes first, followed by metaphorical ontology.Metaphorical representation is the name substitution after the metaphor, and the metaphorical body exists as an alias., The color of its metaphor, meaning weakened, implicit expression becomes the key.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following rhetoric is not used in the following:
A.I was frightened, but I saw a woman in her fifties standing in front of me, with her hands resting on her chin, with her feet stretched out, just like a fine-footed compass in a drawing instrument ...Uneven,
B.What a familiar voice and a moving song, I was nicknamed "Li Guer" by my classmates for this song at the Spring Festival Entertainment Party last year.I can hear her voice all at once.
C.He left, like a kite, swaying on the hillside, the white lines that were twisted and twisted grew longer and longer, and finally reached the end.There was the top of the mountain, where it was connected to the sky.He knows that this white line is still tied to a heart
D.The foreigner wants to hire my donkey to travel to Shandong.I want five yuan.He is too expensive.You are too expensive.I still think you are fat, like a big white bear.Do n’t crush my donkey.In terms of it, the big white bear promised my price and rode on a donkey for a long time

a
The author's personal right, also known as the moral right, refers to the rights of the author to his work that is related to the person or is inseparable without direct property content.It is the author's work to express his personal style.And according to law, enjoy the right to obtain reputation, prestige, and maintain the integrity of the work.Authorship property rights, also known as economic rights, is the symmetry of personal rights, which refers to the right owner to use or authorize others to use the work in a certain way Right to material benefits.
According to the above definition, Which of the following statements are correct:
A.A well-known online novel writer asks the publisher to publish his work with his real name, then the writer exercises personal rights
B.The painter Wang sold his painting to Jiang at a high price, and Jiang obtained the painting property right
C.The dance created by a well-known dancer was loved by the masses, and many people imitated and performed commercial performances.The dancer asked to stop this infringement, then she exercised personal rights
D.A TV drama created by a playwright is remake because it is loved by the audience.The playwright asks the TV show producer not to modify the ending of the story, then he is exercising the property right of writing

a
The crime of producing and selling toxic and harmful food refers to the production or sale of food containing toxic and harmful non-food raw materials, or the sale of food that is known to be mixed with toxic and harmful non-food raw materials.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following crimes constitute the production and sale of toxic and harmful foods:
A.Liu uses industrial high-purity alcohol and tap water to make a lot of fake wine in an underground factory and sells it to stores, earning more than 80,000 yuan
B.A meat food processing plant uses sick pork as raw material to produce ham, causing a large number of consumer food poisoning
C.A beverage manufacturer added a food additive, caffeine, to the cola produced, but did not indicate it on the packaging, which caused a large number of consumers to drink the cola containing caffeine.
D.A food factory has added food coloring to a rainbow sugar produced by the food factory.The long-term consumption will cause harm to human health.

b
Palliative care refers to taking full active medical care and care for patients who are hopeless or unable to receive curative treatment, to control pain and related symptoms, and to pay attention to psychological, social and spiritual issues.The purpose is to treat patients and their families.Win the best quality of life.Palliative treatment is also suitable for early cancer patients, and it can be combined with tumor treatment.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not palliative care:
A.A patient was unable to stand up due to the deterioration of his condition and old age.He had bedsores and a mold infection in his mouth.The nurse wiped his body and cleaned his mouth.
B.A patient cannot perform anti-cancer treatment because of advanced cancer and his own condition is poor.The doctor believes that the patient has no therapeutic value and advises the patient to go home to rest
C.A young patient was diagnosed with breast cancer as soon as she got married.She was very emotional and refused to receive treatment.The doctor counseled him.
D.A patient has severe pain after surgery and cannot sleep, the doctor placed him on a pain pump and gave him some sedative medicine so that the patient can take a good rest

b
The principle of informed consent means that after making a diagnosis and treatment plan for a patient, the clinician must provide the patient with true and sufficient information including diagnostic conclusions, treatment decisions, condition prognosis, and cost of diagnosis and treatment, especially the nature and role of the diagnosis and treatment plan.Basis, damage, risk, unpredictable accidents, and other alternative treatment options and their pros and cons, make patients or family members make their own choices after careful consideration, and express their willingness and acceptance of such treatment options in a corresponding way.Commitment; only after the patient has made a clear commitment can the diagnosis and treatment plan confirmed by him be finalized and implemented.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following violate the principle of informed consent:
A.The doctor explained the role, risk, prognosis and cost of bone marrow transplantation to the family members of children with leukemia.After discussion, the family members decided to sign the consent form.
B.The doctor explained to the patient the two treatment options that the patient can currently choose, but the patient and the family member did not understand because of the low education level, so the doctor made the decision for them
C.Before a patient performs a test, the doctor informs the patient about the usefulness of the test and the possible risks.The patient is clear, but he is very concerned about whether the cost of the test is reimbursed.When he knows that the test is at his own expense, he refuses the test
D.Before chemotherapy for a patient, the doctor provided two alternatives, one was a good but expensive imported medicine, and the other was a less effective but cheap domestic medicine.The family members and the patients had different opinions.Ask the doctor to help them get the idea.Under the patient's patient explanation, the patient and the family finally reached a consensus.

b
Psychological bookkeeping is the process by which people analyze, classify, code, evaluate, and budget psychologically.Consumers may make corresponding psychological bookkeeping according to different tasks when making decisions.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not typical psychological bookkeeping:
A.The psychological pain of losing 10 yuan is more intense than the joy of winning a 10 yuan bonus.
B.When unions give out benefits, they no longer issue physical objects and reissue shopping cards to give employees more choices
C.Compared with people who lost 10 yuan, people who lost their movie tickets are less likely to pay for movies
D.Wang often chooses star hotels for business trips because it is more likely to provide free internet and buffet breakfast than hotels

c
Induced movement is an optical illusion, that is, the observer perceives that an object is moving, but in fact, the object does not undergo spatial shift, but it is only because the movement of other objects makes the observed object appear to be moving.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are induced sports:
A.Looking up at the sky on a moonless night, I feel like the stars are moving
B.Wonderful movies in the cinema
C.The moon travels behind clouds
D.After watching a fast-moving train, you will feel that nearby trees are moving in the opposite direction

a
Latent demand refers to a demand situation in which a considerable number of consumers have a strong demand for a certain product or service, but cannot be met by existing products or services.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following can best embody the "latent demand":
A.Most of the real estate sold in a city are three-bedroom large units, which makes workers who want to settle down here discouraged.
B.A traditional Chinese medicine hypoglycemic health product launched by a pharmaceutical company can replace medicines to some extent, often in short supply
C.It is unclear how effective radiation protection maternity wear on the market is against electronic products
D.The new type of video game machine with eye protection function, presumably can convince some parents of students to come to buy [weibo]

b
As people's life and work progress into high-rise buildings, people have less exposure to sunlight.Studies have found that sunlight is a necessary condition for the synthesis of vitamin D, and vitamin D is a key factor to promote calcium absorption.Therefore, some people have concluded that modern People are more susceptible to diseases caused by calcium deficiency, such as osteoporosis.
Which of the following is true and the above conclusions can be most questioned?
A.Patients with osteoporosis can be relieved or cured by exposure to the sun
B.Calcium-containing foods in modern diets are much richer than before
C.Oral vitamin D tablets are a synthetic formula added with absorption enhancers
D.Patients with osteoporosis are exposed to sunlight for the same length of time as others

a
A survey of software users shows that a software is usually used by 1,000 users.If a software is downloaded and installed 55 times a day, the popularity of this software will increase rapidly, with a maximum of 12 million users.It is based on the behavior of other users to choose to install this software, and rarely pay attention to its inherent characteristics.
According to the above description, it can be inferred:
A.The most popular software on the website is not necessarily the most useful software
B.It is not wise to refer to other people choosing to install software
C.Not all software launched on the website is useful
D.Some software installed by the user may be deleted

a
A new study finds that short-term intake of high-fat foods is good for the heart.Researchers artificially induced ischemic heart injury in mice later in the experiment, similar to what happens in a human heart attack.They found that eating high-fat foods for 24 hours, 1 The damage to the heart tissue of the mice at 2 weeks and 2 weeks was 70% lighter than that of the 6-week high-fat food mice and the "vegetarian" mice.The researchers believe that this is because short-term intake of high-fat foods can give the heart muscles more energy and strengthen the ability to resist damage.They believe that the short-term intake of a high-fat diet may protect heart function.
Which of the following is true and best supports the conclusion of the problem?
A.If the rats are allowed to "eat a day" and then change to "vegan", their heart's ability to resist damage is stronger than the rats that "vegan" from the beginning
B.High-fat foods can enable the body to obtain the substances and energy necessary for activities such as metabolism
C.Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol contained in high-fat foods is an indispensable substance for the human body
D.To reduce the risk of heart disease, pay attention to a balanced diet and proper intake of fats and cholesterol

d
R Hospital topped the list in the "My Most Satisfied Hospital" survey held in C for 5 consecutive years.The person in charge of the hospital said that this was because the hospital provided better guidance services than other hospitals.
Which of the following is true and best supports the opinion of the person in charge of the hospital?
Major hospitals in A.C have invested a lot of energy in the guidance service in an effort to improve the quality of guidance service
B.C City's "My Most Satisfied Hospital" survey has been launched for 20 years, and the highest-ranked are public hospitals
There are more than 200 hospitals in C.C.Not all hospitals participated in the survey
D.It is comparable to the medical level of R hospital, but the ranking of poor guidance services is not as good as that of R hospital

b
During periods of frequent tectonic activity of the earth, new marine basins around Africa, South America, and Europe began to expand, creating new space.A large amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere reacted with photosynthetic organisms, and dead organisms were subsequently buried in seabed sediments.The formation of carbon-rich shales, the carbon in the atmosphere is fixed, which reduces the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, reduces the greenhouse effect and lowers the global temperature, which is a very serious consequence for marine life.So scientists believe that the consequences of global cooling or warming are equally serious.
Which of the following is true and best supports a scientist's diagnosis?
A.200 years after global cooling, due to frequent volcanic eruptions, the carbon solidified in the rock leaves returned to the atmosphere in the form of carbon dioxide, which partially restored the greenhouse effect.
B.Global warming will lead to an ecological crisis in marine life, and scientists have found that a similar crisis occurred in marine life during a period of global cooling 260,000 years ago.
C.Large-scale and long-term natural changes, or huge changes in the global greenhouse effect in the short term due to human activities, have an impact on the entire system
D.Scientists have observed that climate cooling has occurred over millions of years, not decades or centuries, which is difficult to associate with our rapidly changing modern climate conditions

b
Hidden courses refer to non-exam and unconscious school learning experiences that are not explicitly stated in the school curriculum plan.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not included in the hidden curriculum:
A.Colleges and universities organize students to participate in two-day military training to cultivate and exercise students' willpower
B.When children learn mathematics, they develop an attitude that likes to learn mathematics
C.A university has set up a campus culture festival to let students know the school motto and style of study
D.Teachers and students participate in extracurricular activities to establish an equal and harmonious teacher-student relationship

a
The anchor effect refers to that when people make judgments on something, they are easily dominated by the first impression or the first information, and fix people's thoughts somewhere like anchors sinking into the sea.It is its manifestation in social life.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are not applied to the anchor effect:
A.The boy invited the favorite girl and said, "Will you go out to play?" The girl thought it seemed natural to refuse, and agreed to be too active, so she said, "Next time." The boy thought that the girl had no intention to associate with him.
B.A waiter at a congee shop always asks customers after congee: "Add one egg or two?" Another waiter always asks: "With or without eggs?" The daily sales of the first shop are always higher than the latter.
C.The neighbor stole the horse in Washington and was found to refuse to admit it.Washington hid the horse's eyes and asked the neighbor: "Which horse's eye is blind?" The neighbor said "the right eye".In fact, both of the horse's eyes were not.Fault
D.When you go shopping, the shopping guide induces: "Anyway, I went out to buy shoes today.A or B is very suitable for your temperament.Please choose a pair." Then you picked one of them.

a
Researchers at the University of Kent in the UK asked two groups of volunteers to play puzzle games and watch a documentary about sports cars, and then gave them an indoor bicycle endurance test.As a result, members of the first group who felt exhausted were more likely to give up than the second group However, the researchers found no differences in blood pressure, oxygen consumption, and cardiac output in the two groups of volunteers.
From this we can infer:
A.Brain activity affects physical strength is just a sensory bias
B.Physical fitness is very similar between the two groups of volunteers
C.Playing puzzle games consumes the same amount of energy as watching TV
D.Physical work can stimulate the potential of mental workers

a
After freezing human specimens at low temperatures, the researchers cut them layer by layer with an industrial milling machine, took pictures layer by layer, input the computer to obtain continuous cross-section images of the human body, and then performed 3D reconstruction of the human body structure.The collected data was edited into anatomical by computer technology.A digital human body, whose cross section is combined with an anatomical whole person, and all structures can be displayed and rotated separately, enabling a visual virtual human anatomy.With this technology, medical students from various countries no longer need to perform human anatomy experiments..
If one of the following is true, the above statement can be questioned most?
A.This technology covers most anatomy of the human body
B.Virtual human anatomy places high demands on computer operations
C.The price of the visual virtual human anatomy experiment system is high
D.All anatomical terms are only available in English

c
At present, there is a view that yogurts with active lactic acid bacteria as the selling point in the market are actually difficult to supplement lactic acid bacteria, which is not good for intestinal health.
If the following items are true, this point can be refuted most:
A.Regardless of room temperature yogurt or frozen yogurt, the beneficial substances such as lactic acid, calcium and protein have been well preserved
B.Most yoghurts on the market are of normal temperature and added type.Most of the lactic acid bacteria are killed during the production process and cannot be called "yoghurt".
C.The protein in yogurt has been thawed by lactic acid bacteria, so it is easily absorbed, which reduces the burden on digestion in the stomach
D.The blood sugar response of yogurt is lower than that of staple foods such as rice steamed bread, and abnormal blood sugar response may cause a variety of symptoms

a
According to reports, many international scientists claim that a new continent named "Zeland" was found around New Zealand.It meets all the requirements of the continent's recognition standards and is the eighth continent in the world.Geography textbooks will be rewritten.
The conclusion that "geography textbooks in various countries will be rewritten" must be based on:
A.Geographic textbooks of various countries have been rewritten due to changes in the content of related knowledge such as "Mainland" and "Continent"
B.Continent's standards are authoritative and will not change until textbooks are released
C.Geography textbooks in various countries do not currently contain any content on "the eighth continent of the world"
D.Geography textbooks of various countries have their own contents about "mainland" and "continent"

b
At the academic exchange meeting, a foreign scholar denied the existence of the Xia Dynasty with no relics and a lack of written records of the corresponding era.
If the following are true, the thing that can most refute this foreign scholar is:
A.Once the foreign archaeological community denied the existence of the Shang Dynasty for the same reason, but with the deepening of the research on Oracle and the discovery of Yin Ruins, they had to rewrite the records of Chinese history
B.Unlike the West, where a stone was used as the building material and the record carrier, wood was used as the building material and record carrier in ancient China.In addition, we are also affected by geological climate, and it is more difficult to preserve ruins and words.
C.There are many records and legends about the Xia Dynasty in China.In the spring and autumn, the Qi people were considered to be descendants of the Xia people at the time.The "Historical Records" also has accurate records about the title of the Xiahou family (King of the Xia Dynasty).
D.The scholar and team recently discovered a small stone building on a small island in the Aegean Sea that has not yet been identified, and they combined it with the legend of the local population to determine that this is a civilization recorded in the history books.

c
The British "chief mousetrap" tabby cat Larry was asked to step down on the grounds of "not doing his job" because he was not good at catching mice, but some media also launched supportive actions saying "the rights and obligations are not equal" Downing Street (on behalf of the British government) has no reason to get the mousetrap off class.
If the following are true, the most supportive of media views are:
A.The survey shows that after Larry became a mousetrap, the number of stray cats adopted in the country increased by 20%, and Larry's appointment served as a good social model.
B.Larry was inherently bad at catching mice, and it was selected as a mousetrap officer without careful inspection by Downing Street staff
C.Downing Street did not pay Larry salary, and all of its rations were purchased by Downing Street staff
D.Because of his cute appearance and docile personality, Larry is often arranged for additional diplomatic reception tasks

c
Those who did not attend the banquet tonight were either not invited or had no time.
Based on this, it can be launched:
A.Invited talents to attend the banquet tonight
B.Those who have time and are invited will not attend the party tonight
C.Those who are not invited may not be absent from the banquet tonight
D.Even if you are invited, you may not be able to attend the banquet tonight

c
Unlike European countries such as Italy and Germany, the United States has been called the "football desert" by some fans, who believe that in the United States, football has always been considered a fringe sport.
If the following items are true, this view can be refuted most:
A.The U.S.football team has achieved impressive results in many major international games such as the World Cup, and its ranking in FIFA sometimes even surpasses traditional football powerhouses such as England.
B.Although the U.S.football league started late, it has developed rapidly.Now its league level has surpassed traditional football powerhouses such as Argentina and Brazil.
C.Football has become the second sport for young people aged 12-24 in the United States, and its absolute number of youth football ranks first in the world
D.Due to the lack of the cultivation of the corresponding football culture soil, those who engage in football in the United States are those who truly love football, and football without complex commercial operations is even more pure

a
Being cautious means paying attention to and handling small things correctly; being cautious at first means holding onto the first level and holding onto the first level.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are the things that do not best reflect the principle of "carefulness":
A.The staff of the Women's Rights Protection Agency advise people that domestic violence is not a trivial matter but a crime, and everyone must have zero tolerance for it
B.Xiao Fei has been actively losing weight recently.She has a lot of perseverance and has not eaten high-calorie food at once, even a little bit.
C.Uncle Li completed his first long-distance run for the marathon one year later.He plans to run more every day than the previous day, so that he can gradually reach the mileage of the marathon.
D.Mom's learning requirements for Xiaoming are very strict.If the son makes a small mistake because of carelessness, he will immediately correct him

d
The use of adjectives means to subjectively think (think) that the object represented by the object has the nature or state represented by the adjective, and the meaning of the noun is to treat the person or thing represented by the object behind the noun as The person or thing that the word represents.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options have noun inflections:
A.Confucius climbed Xiaolu, climbed Mount Tai and small world
B.Comrade Bethune came to China not far away
C.Teng Gongqi made a statement, strengthened his appearance, and let go.
D.I am a fisherman in Jiangya, a fisherman is a friend of an elk

d
Horizontal communication and vertical communication are two instrumental communication styles of employees in the organization to build social capital through interpersonal interaction.Horizontal communication refers to the process of individuals establishing extensive connections through groups with similar social status around them; vertical communication refers to the initiative of individuals.The process of establishing relationships with communities that dominate the dominant resources in society.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are vertical communications:
A.On holidays, the Dean will represent the college to condolences to retired cadres who have made great contributions to the college
B.Old Liu is very satisfied with his nanny.In order for the nanny to continue to work after the Spring Festival, he presented a round-trip ticket for the nanny to visit relatives.
C.In order to continue to successfully contract the fish ponds in the village, Lao Zhang took the initiative to establish good relations with the villagers, and distributed a few fishes to the villagers every year for free
D.In order for a class teacher to strictly require his child, the parents will send text messages of greetings to the teachers on holidays.

d
Biometric technology, that is, the close integration of high-tech means such as optics, acoustics, biosensors, and biometrics through computers, using the inherent physiological characteristics of the human body (such as finger veins, face, iris, fingerprints, etc.) and behavioral characteristics (such as Handwriting, voice, gait, etc.) for personal identification.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are most likely to use biometrics:
A.The victim confirmed that he was the attacker after listening to the suspect's digital telephone recording.
B.The police found a small delivery ticket at the crime scene.By querying the online takeaway ordering system information, several criminal suspects were locked.
C.Strict access control is set up in a confidential place, and people can enter only after the password is entered correctly and the name of a staff member with access permission is handwritten on the resistive screen.
D.In order to assess the attendance of employees, a company introduced a fingerprint card reader.Employees must enter their fingerprints to report to work.

a
Bede refers to the attachment of certain characteristics of natural things to people's certain moral sentiments, personification of the natural attributes of natural things, and objectification of human moral character.The essence is that the beauty of natural beauty is the moral-ethical character to which it is attached.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following does not include "Bide" natural aesthetics:
A.People always compare the wind to a sigh, so autumn must be the most sad and annoying girl, she can't think about it, it is difficult to please
B.The painter Zheng Banqiao praised the toughness and tenacity of rock bamboo with the words "I do not relax the green hills, and the roots are in the broken rocks.The millennium hits the tenacity, and the southwest and northwest winds" praises the tenacity and strength of the phobia.
C.In a novel, the author praises the indifferent nature, the young woman who is safe and secure, "like winter plum, wind and knowledge, and frost Xiaohan"
D.The person who knows is up to the matter and has no troubles, like the water, so the person who knows is happy; the person who is good is just because he is righteous and does not move.

d
Health education is carried out to promote people to spontaneously and consciously accept and adopt healthy behaviors and lifestyles, eradicate or reduce risk factors that affect health, prevent diseases, and achieve the goals of promoting physical and mental health and improving quality of life Organized and planned social education activities.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are health education:
A.A company holds a health knowledge lecture in the countryside and uses this as an opportunity to sell health products to old people
B.An elective course for "mental health" offered by a college is very popular among students, and even nearby citizens come to take courses
C.On Sunday, a hospital organized medical staff to hold a free clinic in the community square, providing residents with free blood pressure measurement, temperature measurement and medical consultation services.
D.In order to prevent the high incidence of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases in the elderly since the autumn, the community hires well-known experts to hold a series of lectures for elderly residents every September to popularize relevant medical knowledge

b
Anti-customer-based marketing refers to a new type of online marketing where consumers, based on their recognition of product quality and corporate cultural value, use network tools to become the leader of marketing activities, actively initiate marketing activities or directly participate in marketing communications.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are anti-customer-based marketing:
A.A shopping mall is newly opened, and a "Like" prize-winning activity is launched in a circle of friends.The network communication of WeChat users has been used to achieve a certain marketing effect.
B.Koizumi is a loyal fan of a mobile phone brand.Recently, the brand has developed a smartphone.He bought the phone for the first time and advertised the superior performance of the phone to friends online.
C.Auntie Zhang bought a health care product based on Internet TV ads, and after using it, it felt good.She introduced the health care product to others
D.Xiaoli is a part-time micro-seller selling cosmetics.In order to take care of her business, colleagues have helped her to forward sales advertisements online.

d
Image associative memory method is to associate the materials to be memorized with certain specific things, numbers, letters, Chinese characters or geometric figures, etc., and use image thinking to remember.Image association is not only helpful to stimulate interest and motivate learning; Helps to deepen memory.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not using image associative memory:
A.Xinjiang's topographical features "Three Mountains and Two Basins" can be associated with the right half of "Jiang": "Sanheng" means three mountains, and "two fields" means two major basins
B.Italy, known as the "land of fashionable women's shoes", its outline is like a high-heeled boot
C.Sea cucumber, which looks like cucumber and grows in the sea, so it is called "sea cucumber"
D.Michael Jordan in the basketball world, Michael Jackson in the music world, Michael Schumacher in the racing world ...Remember, these cattle are called "Michael"

d
The sweet lemon effect is the phenomenon of an individual increasing the value of a goal that has been achieved in order to dilute one's inner anxiety when he fails to pursue the desired goal, thereby achieving psychological balance.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are the "sweet lemon effect":
A.Xiaoming originally wanted to buy a laptop computer, but ended up buying a tablet computer under the persuasion of a shopping guide.After using it, he was satisfied and recommended it to friends all the time.
B.In the past few weeks, Xiao Hong has been distressed by her declining sales performance; but when she knew that she was still the company's sales champion, she became more relieved.
C.Xiaowen's math score disappointed his tutor again.In the end, the teacher could only comfort himself with "has improved compared to the last time".
D.According to the coach's estimation, Xiao Zhang needs to lose weight to 60 kg to achieve the fitness effect he wants, but Xiao Zhang gave up when he reduced to 63 kg because he felt that he was sufficiently fit

b
With the development of new media technology, patients are increasingly looking for doctor information on the Internet.To this end, researchers have researched 28 typical doctor evaluation business websites in the United States.According to the research report, recent people said in a survey interview that When choosing a doctor, online evaluation is very important for their choice.However, research on these 28 websites shows that few websites allow users to search based on conditions such as "clinical status, doctor's gender, spoken language, accepted insurance", etc.The researchers concluded that it was difficult for these commercial physician evaluation sites to find a relatively accurate quantitative evaluation of doctors.
If the following are true, the arguments that support the above argument are:
A.The patient can clearly understand the treatment experience of a doctor through the doctor evaluation website
B.U.S.doctor evaluation websites have problems such as tedious search mechanism and scarce evaluation
C.Collecting data systematically through surveys is more likely to accumulate sufficient evaluations
D.The survey found that one-third of the sample doctors were not rated on all websites

c
017 can be said to be an important year for the development of film in China.However, some film practitioners believe that China is a big country but not a strong country.
If the following are true, the point of view of these film practitioners cannot be questioned:
A.China's annual production of movies reaches nearly 800, ranking among the top in the world; and the total box office of more than 50 billion yuan in the year is ranked first in the world.
B.The total number of screens in China has exceeded the long-term leader in the film industry-the North American market, and the demand for movies from audiences is still strong, and the potential of China's film market has yet to be tapped
C.The main basis for judging whether a country is a film power is the global competitiveness of its films, and the market for domestic films is mainly in the mainland, which is far from the traditional film powers such as the United States, and the international box office is even lower than India.
D.The Chinese film industry has been decisively affected by the frustrating fate of modern China.It has developed a lot, but since 2002, Chinese films have risen rapidly at a miraculous rate of development and are expected to surpass the number one powerhouse in the United States in the next 10 years.

d
Recently, a scientist put forward a new idea: the movement of the earth's plates should not be later than 3.5 billion years ago.His basis is that plate movement will inevitably transform the dark dark magnesite rocks in nature into light-colored felsic rocks.And 3.5 billion years ago, light-colored felsic rocks appeared on the earth.
If the following are true, the expert's point of view is most questioned:
A.Light-colored felsic rocks are essentially "regenerated" from dark-colored magnesite rocks, and billions of years ago, magnesite rocks held an absolute quantitative advantage on the earth
B.Analysis of sediment samples from 3.5 billion years ago around the world, containing less than half of the feldspar rock particles
C.The interpretation of perilithic rocks in nature is much higher than that of magnesite rocks.The explanation seems to be only the plate motion, but the early plate tectonic movement is likely to be intermittent and local.
D.The earth was densely volcanic 3.5 billion years ago, and the magma released by the volcanic eruption will bury the magnesite rocks deep in the ground.These magnesite rocks will be melted and then transformed into lithic rocks.The only reason

d
Now there is a view that with the popularity of credit cards and the development of mobile payments in recent years, coins will inevitably quickly fade out of the circulation market.
If the following items are true, which of the following can most refute the above view is:
A.Coins of various countries are miniature reliefs carved with local history, culture and customs and other special symbols, which have a high collection value.
B.When bank savings cards began to rise, people had the same predictions for the fate of coins, but coins did not fade out of the circulation market at all
C.The face value of the coin itself is not high, but it is this "less valuable" characteristic that makes it play an important role in circulation in retail and other aspects.
D.At present, some vending machines and other devices that play an important role in life still only support coin payment, and these devices will not be replaced in recent years

b
The discovery of Dadiwan painted pottery in Gansu solved the problem of the origin of Chinese painted pottery art.In the early 20th century, in order to explore the source of Chinese civilization, the academic circles made attempts and efforts from archeology and literature.In 1923, in order to find the origin of colored pottery , Swedish geologist Andersen came to Gansu, and with the continuous excavation of painted pottery in Majiayao, Gansu, Anteson believed that the influence of colored pottery in Gansu was significantly affected by Western European and Western colored pottery.The date is obviously earlier than Majiayao's colored pottery, which is about the same as that of the Yermo pottery culture in the two West Asian river basins that first found colored pottery culture.
Based on this, we can launch:
A.Chinese civilization is significantly influenced by Western and Western cultures
B.Gansu was one of the earliest areas in the world to produce painted pottery
C.Dadiwan Painted Pottery Culture is the earliest painted pottery culture
D.Gansu region is the birthplace of Chinese civilization

c
The role of the microbiome in the earth's ecosystem and human health is beyond imagination.It will not only greatly help humans to overcome the survival challenges facing us today, but also provide the way for human survival in the future.One of the reasons is that between microorganisms Being able to cooperate with each other makes them more stable and more effective in the ecosystem, and gives the microbiome more powerful functions than a single microorganism.
If the following are true, what supports the above point is:
A.The "National Microbiome Project" in the United States is to promote the most advanced microbiological scientific research in all ecosystems, nature and artificial worlds.
B.As a new industry, biological pesticides and biological fertilizers have been booming in recent years, and their international market share has also increased rapidly year by year.
C.By cultivating multiple microorganisms together, the stability and adaptability of its biological system have been greatly improved, and its degradation efficiency of certain harmful compounds has also been improved.
D.The brewing microorganism site provides a variety of microbial resources, from which efficient cellulose-degrading molds, high ethanol-synthesizing yeasts, etc.can be discovered.

d
Team learning behavior is that in order to meet the development needs of the team and the individual, team members ask questions, seek feedback, conduct experiments, reflect on the results, and discuss errors or unexpected results based on sharing their experiences, seeking knowledge, and information exchange.Promote the continuous improvement of the level of knowledge or skills of the team and individuals, thereby achieving relatively lasting changes in team-level knowledge and skills.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are the learning behaviors of teams:
A.In order to give play to the team's cohesion and combat effectiveness during the project tackling phase, a field development training is held every weekend
B.For future development, Xiao Wang took the time to study English with several colleagues during work
C.In order to get a scholarship, all the girls in a dormitory agreed to supervise each other and go to study together at night
D.In order to improve the overall performance of the department, the sales department selects excellent representatives to share sales experience with you on a regular basis.

d
Shared leadership refers to an informal leadership team process model that is independent of the organization's formal leadership role or hierarchical structure and is actively participated by internal members of the organization.The sharing of behaviors or roles among members, such as decision-making, sharing of results, shared responsibilities, etc., also emphasizes the mutual influence and cooperation between members, which is a level of influence distributed among members.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are shared leaders:
A.In a new semester, the headteacher of a class initiates an activity in which the classmates take turns to be the monitor.
B.In order to improve service quality and efficiency, a department will deal with daily emergencies and emergency matters from the original several departments, and change it to a person in charge to the end
C.In the project design process of the company's project team, Xiao Wang took the initiative to undertake the task of technical research
D.A R & D department implements democratic centralism in order to improve R & D efficiency and give full play to the enthusiasm of employees.Employees jointly exercise power, share responsibility and share benefits.

a
Family migration refers to the one-way flow of population in which family members follow the main production factors and move away from their original place of residence to the target place.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are family migrations:
A.Due to work transfer, Xiao Wang and his family moved to work city
B.Lao Li and his wife work in coastal cities all year round.Only during the Spring Festival can they return to their hometown and reunite with their parents and children.
C.The old Zhang family ended their years of working outside the home and settled back to their hometown.After living for a while, they found that their hometown is very suitable for farming.
D.After the death of his wife, Lao Liu was received by a local elderly care institution in his old age in Macao

a
Consumer goodwill refers to the love, resonance, and even emotional attachment of a country based on consumers' direct experience or subjective cognition, and this emotion will make consumers influence the consumption decisions of the country .
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are consumer goodwill:
A.The Germans are known for their rigor.Pony recognizes this, so you must choose a German brand when buying electrical products.
B.Lao Liu fell in love with Russia because he liked Russian songs since he was a child.He chose Russia without hesitation when choosing a tourist destination
C.After drinking the local mate tea while traveling in South America, Xiao Zhang was no longer accustomed to domestic mate tea
Professor D.Zhang studied in the United States in his early years, and his son chose to study in the United States because of his influence.

d
Active customer socialization refers to the process in which customers actively learn the knowledge and information related to their role in order to effectively participate in the service process.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are customers' active socialization:
A.Retired Aunty Zhang watches TV health programs every night
B.Company employee Xiao Liu, in order to improve sales performance in a certain area, taught himself to be a local dialect
C.Xiaoming's mother also submitted an Olympic training course to help Xiaoming improve her Olympic results
D.Xiao Xie did not agree with the doctor's diagnosis of depression, so he searched a lot of information on the Internet

d
Public science refers to the direct participation of the public in the process of producing scientific knowledge on the basis of the openness of science and the publicization of science policies.Public science refers to the general public's participation in the review of science-related science and technology policies, discussion of scientific issues, and transformation of scientific results.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are public sciences:
A.A medical ethics committee consults local science and technology workers on the moral hazards of gene editing
B.The research and development department of a mobile phone company has publicly consulted consumers on whether to cancel physical buttons.
C.Der Spiegel survey company issues survey questionnaires in public places such as station square on 5G business prospects
D.A company recruits trial volunteers to shorten the development cycle of new anti-cancer drugs

c
Ecosystem anti-service refers to the negative impact of ecosystems on human daily life and production activities as damaged natural ecosystem structures and functions are gradually restored under the implementation of human intervention and protection measures.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are the least likely to be ecosystem counter-services:
A.A large number of Platanus planted on urban arterial roads is an important factor inducing allergic rhinitis in citizens
B.The number of macaque monkeys has increased sharply since the start of animal protection in some places, and they often harass the local residents
C.The construction of a dam improves the local economic situation, and also destroys some historical sites
D.Due to the ban on the use of herbicides, farmers have to invest greater labor costs to weed out

d
Confirmation bias means that once a person develops a certain belief, he will try to find examples that match it, regardless of those that do not.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are most likely to be confirmation biases:
A.Although others have told Xiaohuang that all the kimchi ingredients in the kimchi jars have the same brewing time, the chef Xiao Huang still thinks that the fish-flavored shredded pork with the kimchi in the yellow jars will be more delicious.
B.The stock manager told the customer that Xiaoming's stock would go up, and at the same time he carried Xiaoming back to tell other customers that the stock would go down.As a result, the stock went up, so Xiaoming trusted the manager very much.
C.Xiaogang thought that one day he would wind up in the sky, and he was obsessed with the lottery.Although he never won the prize, he still idled all day and even bought a lottery loan.
D.Xiaodong was always worried after hearing a so-called "forecaster" who determined that he would be involved in a car accident.He finally rubbed with other vehicles one day, so Xiaodong believed in the "forecaster" even more.

b
Frame effect refers to the use of different expressions for the same factual information, which will lead to different judgments and decisions.Generally speaking, in terms of losses and benefits, people tend to pay more attention to losses.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following scenarios describe the least likely to have a frame effect:
A.Xiaoming can get a bread every day.When asked "Do you eat half a loaf of bread, do you still eat?", He chooses not to eat it; if he asks "There are still half a loaf of bread, do you eat?", He Will choose to finish
B.Xiaohong saw that A wealth management product can make herself 100% profit 10%, and B product can give herself a 85% chance to make 200% profit, she resolutely chose to invest in B product
C.In view of consumer resistance to fat, a dairy company changed the description of its milk products from "fat content 3%" to "fat content 97%", for which the company's sales performance rose rapidly
D."The probability of a car accident at the passenger terminal A is only 0.001%, and the safe delivery rate of the passenger terminal B is 99.999%" Seeing this, the passenger Xiaokun chose to take the vehicle at the passenger terminal B

b
Overconfidence refers to an individual who overestimates the accuracy of his own judgment based on the future development of things, and then deviates from the form of calibration.The degree of calibration here depends on how well the confidence matches the relative frequency of related target events.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are overconfident:
A.A company increased its revenue growth rate in the previous quarter based on relevant statistics
B.A stock analyst predicts that the stock index will rise, but the stock falls
C.Zhang believes that he can take more than 90 points in his final exam, but only 70 points
D.A football commentator stated that the probability of Team A winning is 80%, but previous data shows that the commentator's prediction accuracy is only 30%

d
Sharks are generally carnivorous, but some scientists claim that they found a narrow-headed double-headed shark that uses plants as an important part of food in a certain sea area.
If the following are true, which most support these scientists' findings is:
A.Researchers analyze food in their stomachs and find that half of the food composition of some narrow-headed hammerhead sharks are plants
B.The narrow-headed double-headed shark that is artificially fed with a special feed of 90% of seagrass has gained weight during the 3-week experiment
C.Research finds that an enzyme that can efficiently break down plants exists in the intestines of narrow-headed shark sharks, which does not exist in the intestines of other sharks
D.The blood of the narrow-headed hammerhead shark contains a large amount of non-self-synthesized nutrients.In nature, only seaweed contains a small amount of this nutrient.

b
A park in France is going to "recruit" a group of crows as "cleaners".But some people also doubt whether these "crow cleaners" can work.
If the following items are true, which most supports these people's doubts are:
A."Crow cleaners" may cause people's curiosity, leading to a sharp increase in park visitors and thus more garbage
B.Through experiments, the trained "crow cleaners" can only pick up extremely limited light and small garbage every day, which has almost no cleaning effect on the park
C.According to survey statistics, in order to see how the "crow cleaners" pick up garbage, most tourists tend to intentionally throw a lot of garbage
D.Even a trained crow still retains the instinct of clumsy branches, small stones, and the crow itself will generate garbage

c
Theoretically, if you don't consider other factors, "large body size" and "long life" are the two most reasonable answers for animals prone to cancer.Because "large body size" means that there are more cells that make up the body, and "lifespan" "Long" means that more new cells are needed for replacement; the more cells, the higher the chance of random mutations in cell division.
If the following items are true, the above arguments can be questioned most by which:
A.Short-lived small animals such as mice are susceptible to cancer
B.Humans have an increased risk of cancer due to smoking
C.Long life, large elephants have a low probability of developing cancer
D.Manatees and hoofs are close relatives, they are very different in size, but they are not susceptible to cancer.

c
Super high-speed rail is closely related to the travel of Volkswagen.The most attractive thing is that it runs much faster than wheel-rail high-speed trains, with speeds of 600 to 1200 kilometers per hour, and many people even assert that they can reach more than 4,000 kilometers.A common feature of this type of high-speed rail is that the train must run in a closed vacuum or low-pressure pipeline.Specifically, it is to extract air to reach a low-pressure environment close to a vacuum, and adopt pneumatic or magnetic levitation drive technology to make the train Ultra-high-speed operation in all-weather, wheel-rail resistance, low air resistance and low noise modes.
If the following items are true, the most questionable possibility of the realization of the super high-speed rail is:
A.Super high-speed rail cannot achieve sealing of low-pressure pipelines in some lines
B.Equipment maintenance will be extremely difficult and expensive in the ultra-high-speed rail-operated vacuum pipeline
C.Certain necessary equipment of the super high-speed rail in vacuum or low-pressure pipelines will not be available
D.Once the high-speed rail is out of control, it will have terrible consequences for the personal safety of passengers

c
With the development of network technology and digital technology, people's reading methods and reading channels are more diversified, and they continue to deepen and expand, presenting a new trend of digital reading.Reading books are a personal matter with a very personal style, but they are social In the media environment, digital reading has become a thing that can be shared and communicated with others; behaviors, promotion methods and platforms of digital reading are also changing.
If the following items are true, the above argument can be strengthened most:
A.Statistics show that sales of brick-and-mortar bookstores fell by about 30% last year
B.Some data show that the purchase rate of e-books dropped by about 10% last year
C.Social media itself can find more direct sharing targets for digital reading
D.The "smart" element of digital reading changes the nature of traditional reading

b
Don’t do small things for good, do n’t do small ones for evil.”This is a thousand-year-old saying,
which is the correct understanding of it?
A.Only small things are worth doing
B.The development of things is a process from quantitative change to qualitative change.Great good and evil are all developed from small things.
C.Doing things dare to face challenges, doing evil must do great evil, easy things are not worth doing
D.Should be "for the small good, for the big evil"

a
In the early stages of the development of capitalism, it was emphasized that the government with the least control was the best government, and the government played the role of a night watchman; in the period of monopoly capitalism, capitalism moved to international competition, strengthening the country's control over the economy, and Keynesianism prevailed : Until now, the state has mainly carried out macroeconomic regulation and control.
visible?
A.The state's control over the economy is determined by the needs of the economic development at that time, and it is adjusted at any time.
B.What kind of economic policy the country implements is arbitrary
C.The inability of early capitalist countries to control the economy
D.Socialism is better than capitalism

c
Xiao Li once took a steamer, and suddenly found that his bag was missing.Looking away, a man was walking with his bag, and after catching up, the man politely apologized to him that he had taken it wrong, and then continued to Go forward, when a policeman rushed over and twisted the man and said that he was a thief.
So?
A.That man is not a thief, because he returned the bag to Xiao Li
B.That man is not a thief because he took the wrong bag
C.The man is a thief because he doesn't go to find his bag
D.That man is a thief because he took Xiao Li's bag

d
The mother had three pieces of sugar, two pieces of fudge, and one piece of toffee, and gave the two sons one piece each, and let them guess what kind of sugar the remaining piece was based on the sugar in their hands.The two sons sipped it after receiving the sugar.Then a clever one guessed it right away.
From the above?
A.Smarter kids get toffee
B.The kid who did not guess was holding toffee
C.Two people take one toffee and one take the fudge
D.Both people took the fudge

a
MBA is a kind of advanced enterprise management talents.The most important point is entrepreneurship.MBA with entrepreneurship is the leader in the market.There are now more than 50 colleges and universities in China that recruit MBAs.The colleges are co-organized, but most of them are some third-rate colleges, and some don't even have formal teaching materials, and their good and bad can be seen in general.
Can we infer from this?
A.What China lacks is not an MBA.but a real MBA with an entrepreneurial spirit
B.China's MBAs are not qualified
C.To cultivate a true MBA.China must cooperate with well-known foreign universities
D.Only people with an MBA can manage a business

c
The practice is the sole criterion for testingthe truth,
According to this sentence, which of the following is incorrect as described below?
A.Practice can test the truth
B.Only practice can test the truth
C.There must be other standards for testing the truth
D.No other standard can test the truth

c
There was a place in ancient times, there were only two kinds of people, knights and rogues.The knights told the truth and the rogues told the truth, but there was no difference in appearance.A scholar met two people, A and B.He asked A: " There must be a knight among you two? "A said," No."
Can you judge who A and B are?
A.A is a knight and B is a rogue
B.A.B are both knights
C.A is a rogue, B is a knight
D.A.B are both rogues

a
At present, China's socialist democracy and legal system are still in the stage of gradual improvement.There are laws that do not comply, and the phenomenon of lax law enforcement exists to varying degrees.Consciously paying taxes according to the law has not become a string in the minds of every citizen, especially Since the personal income tax was levied, the collection status has been unsatisfactory.
therefore?
A.Citizens' awareness of taxation needs to be effectively strengthened
B.The arrest of citizens who do not pay personal income tax
C.Citizens who do not pay personal income tax are subject to heavy penalties
D.Individual income tax is levied on all citizens

c
The travel agency has just booked air tickets for three passengers.These three passengers are Dutch Bill, Canadian Berto and British Dampy.Three of them went to the Netherlands, one to Canada, and one to the UK.It is reported that Bill does not intend to go In the Netherlands, Danpi does not intend to go to the UK, and Berto does not go to Canada or the UK.
and so?
A.Berto to the Netherlands, Danpi to the UK, Bill to Canada
B.Berto to England, Danpi to Holland, Bill to Canada
C.Berto to the Netherlands, Danpi to Canada, Bill to the UK
D.Berto to Canada, Danpi to England, Bill to Holland

d
The economic system belongs to the category of production relations.At present, although the public-owned production relations dominate in China, the low productivity makes the contradiction between it and the production relations very prominent.
therefore?
A.China's production relations are ahead
B.If current trends continue, public ownership will lose its dominance in the near future
C.Production relations determine the productivity
D.To reform the economic system, we must first vigorously develop productive forces

c
The practice of developed countries in the market economy fully shows that the proliferation of counterfeit and inferior products has a negative correlation with the development level of the market economy.The inherent competition mechanism of the market economy itself advocates fairness and quality to win, and only high-quality goods that meet social needs can be obtained Social recognition.
visible?
A.There are no counterfeit and shoddy products in developed market economy countries.
B.Counterfeit and shoddy products generally exist in non-market economy countries
C.Only by constantly improving the market economy system can we prevent the proliferation of counterfeit and shoddy products
D.Implementing a market economy, counterfeit and shoddy products are bound to flood

a
Law refers to normative documents that are formulated and promulgated by the state's organs that exercise legislative power in accordance with legislative procedures and involve major national issues.
Which of the following is not legal? ?
A.Code for Middle School Students in the People's Republic of China
B.Constitution of the People's Republic of China
C.Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China
D.Regulations of the People's Republic of China on Public Security Penalties

c
The advertisement refers to the goods sold or provided directly or indirectly by a commodity operator or service provider for commercial purposes through a certain medium or form, such as newspapers, television, street signs, shop windows, etc.Public outreach by the service.
Which of the following belongs to advertising campaigns?
A.The director of the cement factory gave a gift of one million yuan to the contractor in the neighboring county in order to better sell the cement
B.Bush Jr.gave a speech on television and in the press in order to be president
C.Li Ning brand clothing sponsors Chinese sports delegation to go to the Olympics to obtain good social and economic benefits
D.The teacher stipulates that students must use ballpoint pens for exams

d
Act and omission together constitute a legal act.Act means that the subject should do a certain act.Omission is a legal act that is manifested in a negative manner without external actions,
Who is doing the following?
A.The nurse Xiao Zhang reads the book and forgets to make a drop on A bed
B.Xiao Huang who saw a child fall into Kunming Lake and left directly
C.Dong, who knew that someone in the neighboring village had stolen the optical cable
D.Duanmou puts pesticide into Wangmou chicken feed because of hatred

a
Arson is the intentional ignition that indicates that it is known to cause damage to others or the country, to collective property, or to threaten the lives of others.
Which of the following acts is arson?
A.Zhang was dissatisfied with the director's deduction of the bonus and secretly set fire in the kitchen of the director's house one evening.Fortunately, he was found and failed.
B.Li tortured the other party's letter at home
C.Gao went to the theater and accidentally threw a cigarette butt on the sofa causing a fire
D.Bao felt unbearable.He was filled with gasoline and set himself on fire in the downtown area.

a
Regularity refers to the inherent and inevitable connection between things.This connection repeatedly appears repeatedly.It often works under certain conditions.
which is not regular below?
A.Jiang was scared to see someone walking on a high-altitude cable
B.Earth goes around the sun
C.People born blind will not become painters
D.People cannot survive without oxygen

c
Institutionalization refers to the internalization and habituation of certain behavior patterns and behavioral norms on the basis of stereotyped social life norms, customs, rituals and statutes and laws, so that when they appear in a certain social role, The phenomenon of acting consciously or unconsciously in accordance with this mode of behavior and norms.
Which of the following is not institutionalized?
A.Tiananmen's national flag rises at the same time as the sun rises
B.Everyone must bring their own stool
C.The two of them fell in love at the first love
D.When worshipping God every year, choose a main sacrifice from the villagers to read the prayer and preside over the event

c
System refers to several constituent elements (elements, parts) that are interrelated, restricted and dependent, combined in a certain order and form an organic whole with a specific function in a certain environment.
Which of the following are not part of the system?
A.The system of various organs of the human body
B.Collaborative system of various institutions in the school
C.Probability of the cup being bought
D.Interaction of political subject with object and environment

d
Full authorization, also called general authorization, means that when a higher-level administrative entity issues a task, it only issues general work instructions, and assigns specific tasks, allowing subordinates to decide on their own action plans and be able to create.
Which of the following is not a full authorization?
A.Flexible authorization, that is, the leader does not make specific arrangements for the work, but only indicates an outline or outline.The subordinates can adapt to the situation and deal with the work according to local conditions, and have greater freedom.
B.Fuzzy authorization, that is, the authorizer generally does not clearly state the matters and scope of the work, and only indicates the tasks and goals to be achieved, and the authorized person is free to choose the specific way to complete
C.Lazy authorization, that is, the leader entrusts the subordinates who are unwilling to handle to the subordinates.
D.Rigid authorization, the superior's work scope, content, and performance goals should be specified in detail

b
Invalid marriage refers to the combination of men and women who lacks the conditions for the establishment of a marriage.It includes invalid marriages that violate the legal conditions and marriages that violate the legal procedures.The legal conditions for marriage are: ① both men and women must be fully voluntary; ② must reach the legal age of marriage; Comply with monogamy.The marriage process is roughly divided into three parts: application, review, and registration.
According to the above definition, which of the following is invalid marriages?
A.Two elderly people in their 70s lost care of their widows at the same time, and then became husbands and wives after registration.
B.Kobayashi and the three sisters are in love, but both parents are opposed to the relationship, so the two resolutely elope to live a de facto husband and wife life
C.A 50-year-old middle-aged painter married a 27-year-old young woman as a wife and lived a happy life
D.Brother Zhang and Sister Feng's marriage was matched by their parents, but also with their personal consent

b
Administrative implementation refers to all activities or the entire process of implementing decision-making and implementing decision-making by administrative organs and their staff from the moment when administrative decision-making is formed or finally approved.
Which of the following is not an administrative implementation?
A.In order to implement a decision by the administrative department, check whether the administrative decision conflicts with relevant laws and regulations.
B.The National People's Day is encountered during the implementation of the policy
C.Funds and materials needed by the administrative department to prepare for disaster relief measures
D.In order to promote the conscious action of the people, the county government held a mobilization meeting and issued a mobilization order

a
The head coach of a basketball team stipulates that if the number one player is on the field and the number three is not on the field, then at least one of the number five and the number seven must be on the field.
If the rules of the head coach are implemented, which of the following is the sufficient condition for the number one player not to play?
A.No.3 players play, No.5 and 7 players do not play
B.No.3 players did not play, No.5 and 7 players played
C.No.3, 5 and 7 players did not play
D.No.3 and No.5 players play, No.7 players do not play

d
Social values are social workers' helping ideas, altruism, and respect for the rights and choices of recipients.It believes that social work is a real service process, not the right of social workers to exercise their power.
Which of the following are not social work values?
A.Perspectives on helping people
B.Views on yourself
C.Views on recipients
D.Perceptions of society

d
Personality includes personality orientation and personality psychological characteristics.Personality orientation refers to a person's attitude towards objective reality and is the basic driving force for people to carry out activities, mainly including needs, motivations, interests, ideals, world outlook, outlook on life, values.Psychological characteristics refer to the typical, stable characteristics that individuals often show.
According to this definition, Which of the following are not concepts of personality?
A.Character
B.Temperament
C.Competence
D.Emotions

b
The necessary condition is that without the antecedent (condition), there is no follow-up (result); the antecedent (condition), not necessarily the follow-up (result), is a condition that is opposite to the sufficient condition, sufficient and necessary condition.
Which of the following are not necessary?
A.Only by admitting mistakes can we correct them
B.Master market information and marketable products
C.If you do not respect others, you cannot be respected
D.If you want the horse to run well, you must ask the horse to eat enough grass

a
Passion is a strong, transient, explosive emotional state, and it constitutes three states of emotion with mood and emergency.
Which of the following are in a state of passion?
A.Panicked and stunned
B.Busy and troubled
C.Increased blood pressure and anger
D.Get out of trouble

c
The so-called control refers to the behavior of correcting and correcting the production and operation activities of the enterprise in order to achieve the planned goals of the enterprise.The purpose of control is to ensure that the actual production and operation activities of the enterprise are consistent with the expected goals.
Which of the following statements about control is incorrect?
A.The object to be controlled should have a range of possibilities for development and change
B.The identified control objectives must be included in the possibility space of things development and change
C.The object of control may also have only one possibility of development and change
D.Implementing controller must have certain control capabilities

c
A complex sentence is a sentence that consists of two or more single sentences that are related in structure and not structurally contained in each other.
According to the above definition, which of the following are complex sentences?
A.The final result proves that you can't rely on ingenuity alone, and you need to work hard to succeed
B.The mountains are verdant, and the sunset is the most beautiful scenery here
C.Xiao Zhang was originally a worker.He engaged in technical development and was instructed by the master.
D.Young pioneers in the woods are gathering mushrooms separately

d
The content effect of the quiz refers to the degree to which the quiz question is representative of the content being tested.
According to the above definition, which of the following is behaviors in terms of content?
A.In order to evaluate the teaching quality of a teacher, a college has conducted a questionnaire survey among the teachers.The survey content is very extensive, including teaching methods, teaching attitude, teacher dress, teaching language, etc
B.In order to examine whether the difficulty of the mid-term exam content is appropriate, Mr.Wang surveyed 20 students and found that students generally reflected that the test was difficult
C.In order to check whether the fierce college entrance examination is effective, the relevant units conducted a follow-up survey on candidates who entered the university to see if they can adapt to university studies well.
D.The national unified qualification exam for project managers has added some new test points this year.The state has organized special personnel to evaluate the newly added test content to see if it has actually passed the test content in actual work.

d
Laid-off workers refer to those who have left their production and work positions and are no longer engaged in other work in the unit due to the production and operating conditions of the enterprise, but still retain labor relations with the employer.
According to the above division, which of the following can be called as laid-off workers among the people described in the following options?
A.Fang Wei originally worked in a pastry food factory, quit his job six months ago, and opened a car repair shop
B.Du Xiaojuan was originally an office secretary of a consulting company.Recently, the company cancelled her work contract because of operating difficulties.She only had to do housework at home.
C.Li Dongsheng originally worked in a machine tool factory and was unable to work due to long-term illness.
D.Shen Sheng originally worked in a car manufacturing plant.He is 53 years old.Last year, the factory was overstocked with products, and there was a surplus of staff, so that people over 50 years old would go home to rest and wait until 55 years old before going through formal retirement procedures.

a
Occupational quality refers to the inherent basic qualities of workers formed and developed through education, labor practice, and self-cultivation on the basis of certain physiological and psychological conditions.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not professional qualities: ()
A.Physiological and genetic factors of vocal singers different from ordinary people
B.The writer's keen sense of life and strong language skills
C.The painter's ability to distinguish colors and space imagination different from ordinary people
D.Teachers' extensive knowledge and noble personality

b
Tax incentives refer to the government's use of multiple means in the tax system design and tax collection and management process, through the adjustment of tax burdens, to induce behavior choices of microeconomic entities, to encourage taxpayers to occur or not occur, to participate or not to participate in certain economic behaviors, To achieve the strategic goal of coordinated socio-economic development of the government.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not tax incentives: ()
A.During the product development stage, the equipment cost is high, at this time, the tax deduction for accelerated depreciation is provided.
B.Tax concessions for taxpayers who have suffered severe natural disasters such as wind, fire, water, and earthquakes
C.In the middle stage of the product, the demand for funds is strong, and at this time, tax credits are provided for investment credits.
D.The risk of the company is still large during the product trial stage, at this time, tax incentives for loss carry forward

d
The exception principle refers to the senior management personnel of the enterprise, which delegates general daily affairs to subordinate managers to handle it, and reserves its own decision-making and control rights for exceptions that are generally important.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are exceptions: ()
A.The chairman of a company is mainly responsible for all matters within the company, while the general manager is responsible for maintaining the relationship with the cooperation unit
B.At the weekly regular meetings, all middle managers must report the work summary for this week and the work plan for next week to the general manager.
C.The deputy general manager of a management center has the right to determine the deputy general manager, while the general manager of the full-time personnel has the right to decide
D.In a company's accounting system, departments under 500 yuan must be approved by the department, while those over 500 yuan need the approval of the general manager.

c
Commercial bribery is a kind of behavior that takes the operator as the main body, uses cash, etc.as the means to sell and purchase goods for the purpose of destroying the normal market competition order.
According to the above definitions, the criteria for determining commercial bribery do not include: ()
A.Is it a buying effect for bribes
B.Is it a buying effect for the bribe recipient?
C.Are the parties subjectively interested in bribery?
D.Whether the benefit is given to the bribe recipients, whether the amount is beyond the scope of commercial practice or not

d
Non-profit organizations are social organizations that do not take profit as their main purpose, including education and scientific research, culture and arts, medical and health care, tutoring, charity and welfare, as well as public and public services such as public transport, water, electricity, railways, post and telecommunications.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not the behavior of non-profit organizations: ()
A.Internationally known "Greenpeace" behavior
B.Behavior of "Consumer Protection Association" in China
C.China's "Cross-Strait Reunification Promotion Association" Act
D.For-profit organizations enter into the trade union's business field by remunerating with union members on behalf of the union members

d
The connotation of a concept is the common attribute of all elements of the set of objects reflected by the concept.It appears as a high degree of austerity, revealing the connotation of a concept.Form.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following uses negative forms to reveal the meaning of different concepts: ()
A.Wasteland is uncultivated wasteland
B.Emergency hedging is an act that is not criminally responsible
C.The concept of non-collection is the concept that does not reflect the collection of objects
D.Children born out of wedlock are children born to men and women who do not have a reasonable marriage relationship

c
Economies of scale refer to the increase of output faster than the increase of inputs."Scale" here refers to the larger production batch caused by the expansion of production capacity."Economy" here refers to cost savings and benefits.Increase or increase in reward.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not economies of scale: ()
A.It takes 10 hours of labor to produce a bicycle in a factory.At the same cost, it takes 5,000 hours to produce 500 vehicles.After the scale of the factory is expanded, it takes 30,000 hours to produce 5,000 vehicles.
B.A factory originally produced 5 million tons of steel per year, invested 100 million capital, and 5,000 people.Under the condition of unchanged technical level, the investment doubled, and the annual output of steel was 10 million tons.
C.The production of enterprise A affects enterprise B.Because its impact is positive, the production of enterprise A is lower than the optimal level of the society, but if they are combined into one, the external influence at this time will "disappear".
D.Switzerland has concentrated a large number of companies producing watches, forming a larger industrial scale, which has improved efficiency and reduced costs.

d
Happiness is the pleasant state of mind and body that people feel subjectively, and it is also a multi-level experience process brought about by the sense of happiness and satisfaction formed by the perception and experience of the existence world.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not called happy: ()
A.What a person feels from good quality food, a clean environment, and a spacious home
B.A person has the greatest satisfaction with life, society, employees, income, occupation, society and natural environment
C.A person has the greatest satisfaction with health, affection, income, occupation, society and the natural environment
D.A person enjoys the most benefits, and the task of the economy is to devote to welfare

d
Human visual gestalt function means that when people observe the world with their eyes, they always tend to use their familiar experience to process the unconnected and scattered things into an organic whole for perception.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of human visual gestalt functions: ()
A.In 1872, Maybridge in the United States photographed with a linked camera.When the horse was running, it hit at least one foot on the ground.There would not be a horse painted by an ancient painter that always empties.
B.The Big Dipper is composed of seven stars, which people always affectionately call "spoon stars"
C.When Lu Xun was a child, he liked to draw a group of people with very small movements on different pages of the painting book, and then quickly turned back and forth.At this time, the people who were originally stationary seemed to move.
D.A stick of incense is burning in a very dark room.After staring at the top of the incense for a few minutes, a person noticed that the incense stick moved by itself.

c
Administrating according to law means that the administrative agency shall, in accordance with the provisions of the law, within its statutory competence and in accordance with statutory procedures, perform evidence that is sufficiently conclusive.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts meet the administrative requirements according to law: ()
A.The general office of a city government has formulated and issued a normative document on penalties for environmental sanitation management in the city
B.A public security bureau in a district believes that the rabbit interfered with the normal life of the neighbor.According to the law on public security management punishment, he was fined 5,000 yuan and imposed an administrative penalty of 15 days of administrative detention.
C.In order to protect cultural relics and historic sites, a city government proposed to a householder to establish a model site for cultural relics protection in the house courtyard owned by the householder, requested the householder to move out within a time limit, and decided to give the householder a certain compensation.
D.A city's Industry and Commerce Bureau received a report from a public that a cigarette wholesale point sold counterfeit "Panda" brand cigarettes.When they went to the law enforcement, they found that the business had been informed that the business was closed and closed.He broke into the door and seized a large amount of counterfeit cigarettes and accounting information that had not yet been transferred on the spot, and accordingly made an administrative penalty decision on the business.

a
At present, the average fuel consumption per 100 kilometers of automobiles in China is more than 20% higher than in developed countries.Studies have shown that diesel vehicles consume 20% to 30% less fuel than gasoline vehicles.In the case of serious emissions from automobiles, advanced development Diesel vehicles can not increase or reduce emissions of automobile pollutants.The proportion of diesel vehicles in China's car ownership is 23.7%, and the proportion of car ownership is only 0.2%.Assume that China's diesel vehicles are in passenger use in 2020.The proportion of car insurance usage is 30%, and the corresponding proportion of total car ownership is 39.7%, so 28.37 million tons of crude oil can be saved in 2020.
Which of the following options best support the above diagnosis: ()
A.Different tax rates may be adopted for gasoline and diesel to make diesel prices lower than gasoline.
B.Encourage more people to use energy-saving products such as diesel cars
C.Diesel fuel quality standards should be improved, and price supervision methods should be used to encourage the production of high-quality diesel
D.Enhance the independent innovation capability of advanced diesel technology and develop advanced diesel vehicles

c
In judicial trials, affirmative misjudgment refers to the conviction of an innocent person as a so-called misjudgment; negative neglect refers to the conviction of an innocent person as a so-called misplacement.The fundamental principle of judicial justice It is "don't let go of a bad person, don't injustice a good person".A jurist believes that the current measure of whether a court has implemented the principle of justice fairly enough depends on whether its positive rate of false positives is low enough.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of the aforementioned jurists? ()
A.There has been a noticeable increase in the accuracy of case handling in various courts.
B.Misplaced, but the bad guys were misplaced; misjudgment, both misplaced bad guys and wrongdoers
C.The losses caused by misplacement are mostly recoverable; the damage caused to the victim by wrong judgment is irreparable
D.The rate of negative false positives is basically the same in all courts

a
The establishment of a "small treasury" is a phenomenon that is common in many operating units.The main expenditure items of the small treasury are employee benefits and execution costs.The formation of the small treasury is first in the supply process and then in the sales process The income is not fully accounted for in the external accounts, and the third is the false increase in production costs and operating expenses on the external accounts.Although this is against the rules, some unit leaders still believe that as long as they are not greedy or accountable, their accounts are clear and they will not There are too many problems.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above view? ()
A.The expenditures of the small coffers began to be used for some abnormal expenses that were not easy to directly debit, and then the collective private distribution of the leadership team became logical.
B.A supervisory station with administrative law enforcement power, which has set up a small treasury of more than 500,000 yuan in violation of regulations.As this does not constitute an economic crime, this incident has been dealt with by the superior department for political discipline.
C.Public funds for employees and units are personal disguise
D.How to distinguish private deposits of public funds and stop them?

d
In recent years, some local governments have introduced the Global Top 500 as their work focus.In order to win investment from multinational companies, they have paid a high resource price: non-renewable land resources, valuable natural resources are used cheaply by multinational companies; and tax losses .Our domestic corporate income tax is 33%, and the maximum income tax of foreign-funded enterprises is 24%.We introduce foreign brands but it is difficult to obtain core technology, core components can not achieve local supporting supply, and can not form a driving force for the development of the industry.We What you get is only the labor during the assembly process, and the VAT is extremely low.
Can be inferred from this: ()
A.Foreign brands enter orders that cannot bring in the most advanced technology and the most profit
B.We should avoid the negative impact caused by excessive introduction of foreign brands
C.To improve the international competitiveness of our industry, we must solve the outstanding problems that hinder the progress of the industry
D.We must have industries and brands with core technologies and international competitiveness

d
Beijing Forestry University has 8 canteens, and 15,000 people eat every day.If these people use disposable chopsticks, it will cost more than 16.4 million a year, which is equivalent to destroying 3,200 trees that have grown for 50 to 60 years.So, this Teachers and students at the school have called for refusal to use disposable chopsticks, and they persisted for a full 7 years.
In addition to the following, which supports the practice of teachers and students of Beijing Forestry University from different aspects? ()
A.Cultivation of the concept of honor and shame should start from small things, from me, from around
B.Forest trees have an irreplaceable role in conserving water, regulating the climate, and preventing soil erosion
C.China's forest resources are scarce, and it is a huge waste to use a tree for disposable chopsticks
D.Forest resources are not only protected but not used.Moderate harvesting and reasonable use will promote economic development and forest area protection.

a
From 005 to 2006, from "Super Girls" to "Hu Gemen", from Guo Degang in Beijing to Cai Galiang in Shanghai ...from the folk, lively and unforgettable "grassroots culture" Facing such a group or group culture, those who admire will boast "from the masses, stay close to the masses", and those who don't appreciate dismissively comment on the comments-vulgar, popular.
Which of the following assumptions is based on the opinions of those who admire? ()
A.Heart to Heart is the biggest capital for the success of "grassroots culture"
B.The "custom" of "grassroots culture" attracts people
C.The original thing is a living thing
D.From Song Ci Yuan Qu to Beijing Opera, they all experienced the process from grass roots to temples

a
In April this year, China suffered the most powerful sandstorm in recent years, with a loss of US $ 6.5 billion.Sandstorm weather generally requires three conditions: rich sources of sand and dust, strong winds, and unstable atmospheric structure, that is, On sandy land and bare ground without vegetation, the air is easily heated and blows up the dust and sand.This shows that the dry climate will cause grassland degradation and desertification, which will inevitably lead to "natural disasters" such as sandstorms.
Which of the following, if true, is the best refutation of the above statement? ()
A.Opposite the Hulunbuir's degraded salamander, the grass height of the Mongolian steppe is about 1 meter, where there are tens of thousands of yellow sheep active
B.On the 10-kilometer-wide border between China and Mongolia, Cao still retains its previous height, but it is an unmanned area
C.Desertified land formed by transitional grazing accounts for 29.4%
D.Adopting a large-scale recuperation approach to alleviate the pressure of human production on the ecological environment

b
There are two types of batteries of the same type in the market: brand A and brand B.The battery price of brand A is 10% lower than that of brand B, and the former is more popular than the latter.The brand is selling well because consumers do not know the difference in life between the two batteries.In this way, in a competitive market, inefficient products that should have been produced less should be produced more.This shows that incomplete information can lead to Market failure.
Based on this: ()
A.When the product information owned by consumers is insufficient and the market cannot play an effective role in allocating resources, government intervention is required
B.Manufacturers should indicate the product's composition, function and production date on the product label
C.Consumers can make the right shopping decision only if they have sufficient information about the product and understand the true value of the product
D.Anti-unfair competition law and consumer rights protection law should be improved

d
Obsessive-compulsive disorder is a type of neurotic disorder that is characterized by the recurrence of obsessive-compulsive ideas.Obsessive-compulsive ideas are stereotypes of thoughts, representations, or intentions that repeatedly enter the field of consciousness of the person.For these patients, It is meaningless, unnecessary or superfluous; the patient realizes that these are his own thoughts, and he wants to get rid of them, but is powerless and feels very distressed.
According to the definition, what may be "compulsive disorder"?
A.Grandma Zhang kept thinking: My son is coming back
B.Lao Li locked the door and opened it again to check it again and lock the door again ...so three cycles before leaving safely
C.Although he has made three calls, Zhao is still not assured, so he calls again
D.Obviously has brought that book, Xiao Huang can't help checking it several times while on the road

b
Authority is a kind of mandatory legal power determined by the status of the leader of the organization.It has a clear scope and the power varies with different positions.
According to the above definition, which of the following is powers?
A.If A has power over B, then A can influence some of B's behavior, and this influence has nothing to do with the position
B.A has a compulsory decision-making power over B.This power has nothing to do with the personal factors of A and B.
C.A influence power B will definitely accept
D.Includes both the legal power of A and the non-statutory power of A

d
Obedience is the behavior of individuals in accordance with social requirements, group norms, or the will of others.This behavior is forced to occur from outside influences.
According to the above definitions, which of the following are subject to obedience?
A.When a driver is driving a car on the road, because of the supervision of the police, he can listen to the command and drive at the prescribed speed.
B.An employee verbally expressed his support for the unit's decision, but in reality went in the opposite direction
C.Herd behavior when a person is under social or difficult pressure
D.In a criminal gang, some members are on the thief boat by mistake, not willing to do bad things, but forced to do so.

d
Administrative permits can be set for the development and utilization of limited natural resources, the allocation of public resources, and market access for specific industries that are directly related to the public interest.For these matters, administrative agencies should make decisions through fair competition such as bidding and auctions.Law, administration If there are other provisions in the regulations, they shall be governed by them.Based on this provision, there are a large number of limited public resources in the society whose administrative licenses can be set up for their use and allocation.The license in this field is a franchise.
According to the above definition, which of the following is administrative concessions?
A.Auction of taxi licenses with market-based auctions and bidding
B.Auction of urban outdoor advertising facilities
C.Driving permission, business permission that requires administrative consent
D.Tobacco Monopoly License, Production License of Narcotic Drugs

d
The disproval method is a method to prove the authenticity of the topic indirectly by first determining the falseness of the topic that contradicts the original topic, and inferring the truth from the false according to the law of exclusion.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not a contradiction law?
A.Mr.Feng Shui used to say empty, the guide refers to the north and west, if there is really a tiger land, why not bury him in the year
B.A person has a crime of illegal income.If he is not guilty, he can tell all the sources of his income, and he can't tell these sources of income.
C.The ancient village is still useful, if it is not useful, it will not exist until now
D.Planning cannot be free to do what you want, because planning passed by law has the legal effect

d
The principle of administrative rationality means that the content of administrative decisions must be objective, appropriate, and reasonable, that is, the exercise of administrative discretion.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is the following behavior that meets this principle?
A.An industrial and commercial office was sentenced to three years in prison for the intentional injury of an individual industrial and commercial enterprise, Li, who was convicted of intentional injury.So he confiscated 300 yuan obtained from illegally selling cakes without inspection by the relevant department and was fined 1,500 yuan.
B.A large state-owned enterprise in a province has a defective product that prevents consumers from using it properly.After recalling the defective product, the enterprise still has its business license revoked by the Provincial Industry and Commerce Bureau.
C.Due to the tight timber market and rising prices, a forestry department decided to harvest two-fifths of the forest at one time, which brought higher economic benefits to the forest farm.
D.A city's administrative reconsideration agency reviewed the administrative reconsideration filed by Wang due to dissatisfaction with the administrative punishment, and found that although the punishment decision of the reconsidered agency was legal, but because Wang was a first offender and the circumstances were minor, the fine was 10,000 yuan changed to Fine of 5,000 yuan

a
The occupations of Lao Zhang, Lao Wang, Lao Li, and Lao Zhao are driver, professor, doctor, and worker.Known: (1) Lao Zhang is taller than Professor; (2) Lao Li is shorter than Lao Wang; ( 3) Workers are taller than drivers; (4) Doctors are shorter than professors; (5) Workers are either old Zhao or old Li.
Can it be inferred from the above information?
A.The occupations of four people can be determined
B.Only three occupations can be determined for four people
C.The occupation of four people can only determine two
D.The occupation of four people can only be determined one

d
Japan's Judo was included in the Tokyo Olympics, and South Korea's Taekwondo also entered the Seoul Olympics.However, Chinese martial arts could not enter the Beijing Olympics.Most of the martial arts that Chinese martial arts had previously promoted to the world were martial arts routines, although a subsequent Sanda event was derived from subsequent martial arts competitions However, it does not represent the mainstream of martial arts competitions.Over the years, the Chinese martial arts industry has frequently performed abroad, and some are purely commercial performances.Many local newspapers call martial arts "acrobatic art", and some martial arts players have shot many movies.And TV series, which has led more foreign audiences to think that martial arts is a performing art.
Can't deduce from this text?
A.The larger the proportion of Sanda events in the competition, the harder it will be for Wushu to enter the Olympics
B.The more Wushu athletes perform purely commercial performances abroad, the harder it will be for Wushu to enter the Olympics
C.The more martial arts players shoot TV series, the harder it is for martial arts to enter the Olympics
D.Hold more international martial arts invitational competitions to remove obstacles for martial arts to enter the Olympics

c
The currency unit marked on the RMB parcel is without exception the word "round", but from a legal point of view, the "People's Bank of China Law" stipulates that the unit of the yuan is the yuan, and the unit of the yuan's subsidiary currency is the angle, cent.The legal perspective stipulates the RMB unit, that is, the yuan is the legal currency unit of the RMB.The circle has the meaning of the currency unit, which means that ~ p yuan is the legal currency unit of the RMB.The circle has the meaning of the currency unit, which means Historically, after the People's Bank of China Law was enacted, the yuan was a legal RMB currency unit, and Yuan was no longer a standard Chinese character as a RMB currency unit.
Can it be derived from this text?
A."Circle" and "Yuan" can be used in common
B.According to our daily experience and thinking habits, this "round" means "yuan"
C."Circle" is not the currency of RMB.The "Circle" printed on RMB notes is likely to be a principle error
D.In a legal society, you cannot imagine the existence of two different monetary units at the same time

d
If A has a piece of land passed down from generation to generation, the market price is 100,000 yuan, but if A's subjective evaluation is higher than the market price, assuming 150,000 yuan, according to the property rules, A is expected to get 150,000 yuan; but if the land is requisitioned, Only the market price can be compensated.If the requisitioned land is used for public purposes, this difference will be converted into public benefits; if the requisitioned land is used for commercial development, this difference will fall into the developer's private Belt bag.
Can it be derived from this text?
A.Reasonable compensation can prevent the government from abusing power in another form
B.Reasonable compensation can prevent and restrict the government's transitional use of expropriation rights
C.The government's requisition of a person's property before transferring it to another person or unit is not a "public right and private use"
D.Compensating landless farmers at market prices, developers can also seek the value difference between the two rules

b
We can compare life to a circle in a geometric figure.On a circle that has already been drawn, it is difficult to find where the starting point is and where it ends, but you have to find out how long the radius is.It is easier.A circle has a radius, and a life has a radius.The width, thickness, and severity of life are determined by your life radius.The larger the life radius, the greater the space for your life.
Can it be derived from this text?
A.To measure life, you should first measure the radius of your life, including your thoughts, thoughts, actions, and actions.
B.Although life is a relic full of variables, it is also measurable
C.There is value in life, and it is not worth it the longer you live
D.It's not uncommon for young people to live far better than older people

b
The law of barrels in management theory is that how much water a bucket can hold depends entirely on the shortest board.This means that any organization may face a common problem, that is, the parts that make up the organization are often excellent.Inferiority, and the disadvantaged part often determines the level of the entire organization.The law of barrels and the law of wine and sewage are different, the latter discusses the destructive forces in the organization.
Can't deduce from this text?
A.The shortest wooden board in barrel law is a useful part of the organization
B.The shortest wooden board in the law of sewage is a useful part of the organization
C.The shortest wooden board according to the law of barrels is less useful than the other parts
D.Strength is only relative and cannot be eliminated, the question is whether you can tolerate

d
In the current online original literature, fantasy novels occupy the mainstream position.As of March 2005, among the top 200 original novels in its rankings, fantasy novels accounted for 69 seats, and the rest were online games Xiaoyue 31 seats, 29 seats in Urban Xiaoyue, 22 seats in Xianxia Novel, 13 seats in Military Xiaoyue, and 13 seats in Martial Arts Novel.If you consider the current so-called Xianxia, magic, and spiritual novels are all branches of fantasy novels, while online games, martial arts Novels such as urban, sci-fi, military, and history are also mostly affected by fantasy strokes.In this ranking, the seats occupied by real fantasy works are actually no less than 150.
Can't deduce from this text?
A.Fantasy novels have become the most popular form of popular literature in China
B.The rise of fantasy novels has replaced martial arts novels
C.The Legend of Virtual Time and Space: Cyber Fantasy
D.Chinese literature has entered the era of fantasy literature

b
Reptiles are not amphibians, and amphibians are egg-born, so any animal that is egg-born is not a reptile.
Which of the following options are the same as the inference form?
A.The goods are valuable, and the mink coat is valuable, so the mink coat is a commodity
B.If you fail the exam, you will be re-taken.Students who take the re-take will not be able to participate in Miyoshi's selection.All those who cannot participate in Miyoshi's selection have failed the test.
C.Cantonese are not Hong Kong people, Hong Kong people speak Cantonese, so all Cantonese speakers are not Hong Kong people
D.Overdoting the child will cause the child to cry frequently, and often crying has gastrointestinal problems, so the child's gastrointestinal problems may be caused by parental coddling

d
Due to climate change in recent years, the flower rhododendrons that originally lived in the deep mountains of the Qinling Mountains in the spring and summer gradually migrated to the Greater Xing'an Mountains in Northeast China.Just as the flower rhododendrons multiplied in the Greater Xing'an Mountains, the number of willow warblers was greatly reduced.The willow warbler is completely different, so the large decrease in the willow warbler has nothing to do with the large increase in the flower rhododendron.
Which of the following, if correct, would weaken the above conclusion most?
A.All kinds of forest pests are the food of cuckoo flowers, and the only food of willow warbler is pine caterpillar
B.The flower rhododendron does not have a nesting instinct.In order to breed the offspring flower rhododendron, the egg can only be laid in the willow warbler nest.
C.Willow warbler and flower rhododendron both feed on forest pests, but flower rhododendrons do not eat willow warbler's main food, pine caterpillars.
D.Baby Rhododendron can only be hatched in willow warbler's nest.

d
The content of collagen in the skin determines whether the skin is smooth and delicate and determines whether human skin is young.Men and women of the same age contain the same amount of collagen in the skin, and women are better at maintaining and can improve skin collagen from daily maintenance.Content, despite this, women are more likely to age than men.
Which of the following options explain the contradiction?
A.Collagen in men's skin is reticular, while in women it is filamentous
B.Women maintain smooth and delicate skin, and young and beautiful faces need a lot of collagen
C.Only hoof food is rich in collagen, but it is difficult for the body to digest and absorb
D.Men's collagen is almost not consumed, while women's metabolism requires a lot of collagen

c
In ancient times, Chinese dragons were auspicious beasts, and Western dragons were loyal guards.As early as 4,000 years ago, monsters called "Dragons" appeared in Western myths, and such monsters were Western "dragons." In the Neolithic era more than 7000 years ago, the Chinese began totem worship of primitive dragons.In the Middle Ages, the Chinese dragon became the symbol of the emperor, and the European dragon fell into the devil.In modern times, the Chinese dragon was once printed with the national flag, and the western dragon became a derogatory term When the Qing government dealt with the West, the dragon was drawn on the flag as the national flag.After the fall of the Qing government, the dragon is still the incarnation of the Chinese ancestors and a cultural symbol of the Chinese nation.
Can it be derived from this text?
A.Dragon should be abolished as a symbol of China's national image
B.Dragon can be used as a symbol of China's national image
C.Western "" and "Dragon" must never be equal
D.Chinese descendants should promote dragon culture

c
The government's ability to govern is the ability and effectiveness of government implementation, and the municipal government's practical ability to implement the party and state line policies and policies to achieve the stated goals.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not in the government's governing capacity?
A.Quantitative components in government implementation
B, the effect of government implementation
C.Ability to achieve the strategic objectives of the organization
D.Turn the specific tasks specified in administrative decision-making into practical work

c
False memory refers to "memory" of an event that has never been experienced, or false memory of an event that has been experienced.
Which of the following are misremembered?
A.the mental process of decoding, storing, and extracting invalid information
B, this has been done before, but he can't remember the details
C, I can't recall whether the word was actually learned, just guessing that it may have been learned
D, people's memory of this emergency

d
Conflict of powers and duties refers to the disputes or confrontations caused by the definition of powers in the course of exercising administrative powers of various administrative subjects.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is not a conflict of authority?
A.two or more administrative subjects consider themselves to have jurisdiction over the same administrative matter, and the other party has no jurisdiction
B.Two or more administrative subjects consider themselves to have no jurisdiction over the same administrative matter, and the other party has jurisdiction
C, two or more administrative subjects consider themselves and others to have jurisdiction over the same administrative matter, but there is a dispute over jurisdiction, degree or dominance
D.The qualifications, powers and obligations of administrative subjects to implement administrative management on specific administrative matters

d
Harmony is the unity of diversity and the organic combination of opposing elements, both in terms of its etymological significance and in terms of its philosophical ontology.
According to the above definition, the expressions that do not belong to the philosophical meaning of harmony are
A.Difference and opposition are the foundation and prerequisite for harmonious formation
B creates new things from harmony
The six laws of C can form pleasant music only if they follow the regular "harmony"
D.The five flavors can also form a refreshing taste without "harmony"

c
Property income refers to income from movable property (such as bank deposits, securities, etc.) and real property (such as houses, vehicles, land, collectibles, etc.) owned by households.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not property income:
Dividends earned from property operation
B.Patent income from transfer of property use rights
C Non-property appreciation income
D Interest, rent on transfer of property use rights

c
Property right refers to the exclusive right of the subject to things, and its essence is the right to labor results that occur in society.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not property rights
A ownership, possession
B.Right of income, right of transfer
C labor option, labor exchange transfer right
D Dominion, right of use

d
Public policy is the action plan or guidelines formulated by the public authority of society in order to achieve certain goals in specific scenarios.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not public policies:
A.Policies of government agencies and ruling parties
School B, community policy
C Village Committee Policy
D Public authorities and non-governmental public organizations

c
Syllogism is the reasoning of two new blunt propositions that contain a common term.
According to the above definition, Which of the following reasoning belongs to the valid syllogism is
A.He is not the defendant and the defendant is entitled to a defence, so he is not entitled to a defence.
B chrysanthemum is flower, so wild chrysanthemum is wild flower
C man is subject to the laws of nature, so he is subject to the laws of nature
DIf you want the horse to run well, you must ask the horse to eat enough grass.If you do n’t ask the horse to eat enough grass, you ca n’t tell the horse to run well.

b
Game thinking refers to this way of thinking.Because our goals depend on our and other people's strategic choices, we must use rational analysis to analyze various possible alternative strategies and their various possible consequences under the combination and achieve these consequences.Possibilities to choose the strategy that maximizes our gains.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following inaccurate understanding of game thinking is
The starting point of A-game thinking is "to do things in people", although sometimes "to get things done in heaven"
B "Seiwan loses his horse, knowing that he is not a blessing" reflects game thinking
C game thinking is so-called "grow melons and get melons, grow beans to get beans", the "plant" here, action also, "melons" "beans" results also
D.Game-minded people don't blame the sky, they don't give up on themselves, and they don't forget why

c
Dividing is a thinking method that divides a genus concept into his various concepts to clarify the concept extension.Correct division requires that the sum of the extensions of the division must be equal to the parent term, and the same standard must be adopted for the Extensions are incompatible and are at the same level.
Which of the following statements are correctly divided as
A Immediate relatives are divided into "parents", "relatives", "spouses" and "children"
B war is divided into conventional war and unconventional war
C Earth is divided into southern and northern hemispheres
D health is divided into mental health and physical health

b
Social insurance refers to the state's adoption of legislation to raise funds through multiple channels.When workers temporarily or permanently lose their labor and other reasons interrupt their work, there is no economic income or labor income is reduced.Social security system.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are social insurance
A Necessary living security for the elderly, children, disabled people, etc.
B Pension, unemployment, medical, work injury, maternity and other insurance
C.Beggar help for urban life
D.Minimum living security, rural five guarantees support, assistance to the poorest households, assistance to the victims

d
Government performance evaluation is an activity process based on performance goals and the use of evaluation indicators to evaluate the results and impact of government departments performing administrative functions, divide performance levels, propose performance improvement plans, and use evaluation results to improve performance.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following understanding of government performance evaluation is not accurate:
A The evaluation process seeks for the establishment and improvement of information communication mechanisms between government departments, and between government departments and the public.
B.Use of assessment results to strengthen and improve the implementation mechanism of government responsibility
The purpose of C assessment is to regulate administrative behavior, improve efficiency, and make government departments competitive in managing public affairs, providing public services, and improving the quality of public life.
D Government performance evaluation does not emphasize results-based

a
Assumptions are hypothetical explanations of the universal regularity and causality of unknowns based on known scientific principles and certain facts.
Which of the following are not hypothetical
A.AIDS is caused by Mycoplasma and HIV
BThe world's gradual warming is due to atmospheric factors, or ocean factors, or factors inside the earth
"Declaration of Death" in C Civil Law
D is a "universal solution" that can dissolve everything

c
A major emergency is a serious crisis event that occurs under an emergency.It includes medium and large-scale sudden natural disasters, major sudden industrial accidents and catastrophic accidents, major social disruptions and major political crises..
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is situations that are not major social disruptions?
A.infectious diseases and malignant poisoning
B, Terrorist activities, ethnic conflicts, sudden disturbances in public
C, social unrest, election crisis, coup
D, stadium violence, detention of personnel at the railway station during the Spring Festival, crowded accidents in tourist attractions on holidays

c
Digital control is accurate and efficient; it is not only suitable for simple batch work, but also for complex single-room work; not only about standards, procedures, but also standards, and credit.Once the operation violates the design route, numerical control It will automatically respond, and the "command" is in various aspects of work.The system is to standardize behavior, unify the direction and improve efficiency.Management depends on the system, such as numerical control.
from that we get?
A.the steward, the meaning of restraint is also rigid, it is a hard constraint
B, system is the essence of management
C, without a system, it leads to different behaviors, staying away from or even deviating from pre-set goals
D.Without a system, the procedures or codes of conduct that members need to abide by are lost

d
In June 007, they announced that they used mouse skin cells to cultivate induced pluripotent stem cells, which can produce all cells in the body, including eggs and sperm, with the same efficacy as embryonic stem cells.11 of the same year In January, two groups reported again that they had successfully cultured induced pluripotent stem cells from human skin cells, as the study addressed the ethical issues facing the Embryonic Stem Cell Institute.
which of the following can't be concluded from this?
A.using human skin cells to imitate embryonic stem cells
B, the science and policy of stem cell research will be completely changed in the future
C, will open up new directions for biomedical research in the future
D.Ethical issues have little to do with the direction of biomedical research

a
Individuals form a voting body and democratically decide on various bills.It takes 5 or more votes to pass a bill.At this time, everyone has equal rights.Once 5 or more people are aligned, the rest of the people actually Has been out.If 9 people form 4 alliances, the number is 3,3,2,1, the rights of each alliance are no longer equal.
Inferred from this?
A.the number of people is 3, 3, 2 and the right is equal, the number of alliances is 1 and the right is 0
B, if 9 people form 3 alliances, the number of these 3 alliances is 4, 3, 2
C, if 9 people form 3 alliances, each alliance has equal rights
D, the number of people is equal to 3, 3, 2 and the number of alliance rights is 1

c
The United States "Science" magazine announced one of the top ten scientific research breakthroughs in 2007: through the study of humans and rats, scientists proposed that memory and imagination are rooted in the hippocampus of the human brain, which is the brain's important Memory center.
Inferred from this?
A.brain memory may be able to reorganize past experiences
B, brain memory may produce imagination about the future
C, scientists find important memory centers in human brain
D, scientists find memory programs that challenge human intelligence

d
After sequencing the human genome, biologists have been mapping small differences in bases, single nucleotide polymorphisms, which have become the key content of more than 10 research projects in 2007.These are called extensive In the associated genome study, researchers compared the DNA of thousands of diseased or disease-free individuals to determine which small genetic differences pose a disease risk to humans.
which of the following can't be inferred from this?
A.more people will have some or all of their genomes in the future
B, more people will know exactly what kind of disease risk they have in the future
C, find individual differences in the human genome
D, find differences in the human genome assembly

a
Known: (1) if A is accepted, B will not be accepted; (2) if B is not accepted, A will be accepted; (3), A will be accepted.It is known that only one of these three judgments is true , Two fake.
Introduced from this?
A.A and B are accepted
B, A and B are not accepted
C, A is accepted, B is not accepted
D, A is not accepted, B is accepted

d
Scientists use relevant principles, and under the condition that other conditions remain the same, according to the more severe the development of myocardial infarction, the fact that the calcium content in hair decreases correspondingly, that is, the reduction of calcium content in hair and the heart muscle There is a quantitative covariant relationship between the development of infarct conditions, and it is concluded that the analysis of the calcium content in hair can predict the development of myocardial infarction conditions.
Was this conclusion used?
A.deductive reasoning
B, inductive reasoning
C, analogical reasoning
D.Logical method for causality

c
Internationally, the median survival of patients with pancreatic cancer is 4 to 6 months.The National Institutes of Health reports that the cancer has a one-year survival rate of 8% and a five-year survival rate of 3% .The median survival is only 2 to 3 months, and nearly 20 of the more than 100 patients with pancreatic cancer in Shanghai in China who have been treated with Chinese medicine have escaped for 3 to 5 years.The vast majority of these patients are unable to undergo surgery and have not undergone chemoradiation.Live is delicious.
which of the following can't be introduced from this?
A.Chinese medicine is a practical technology that can solve many problems
B, Chinese medicine has wonderful scientific content
C, Chinese medicine is a real existence, and it is valuable for billions of people to use it for many years.
D, Chinese medicine makes people messy to live, Western medicine makes people die plainly

d
Humanistic care refers to a universal human self-care, expressed as concerns about personality, human values, human destiny and dignity, concerns about human survival and social status, human progress needs, and guarantees of living conditions, and Affirmation and shaping of ideal personality.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not humane concerns:
A.Broad love for the people, deep understanding and selfless dedication
B.Concern for people's living conditions, care for human life and health
C.Deep concern for human mental state and human nature, respect for human emotion, will and value
D.While emphasizing national interests, care about the values and interests of individuals and their sufferings and plights

c
Social responsibility is the responsibility or obligation of citizens, enterprises and various organizations to the public interests of the state or society.Social responsibility is that the actors have a certain responsibility to society, and people are social animals, which can only be reflected in existing.The true nature of man.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are civil society responsibilities:
A.Civil obligations beyond those provided for in constitutional law
B.Responsibilities of citizens for their unethical responsibilities
C.Patriotic and law-abiding, courtesy and integrity, dedication
D.Some post duties to be performed in the work unit

b
Public consciousness is a kind of holistic consciousness or holistic concept possessed by independent and free individuals.Public consciousness, on the one hand, is the embodiment of individual subject freedom, and on the other hand is the embodiment of a common whole beyond the individual.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are public awareness:
A.Expect citizens to become selfless and act completely altruistic
B.Citizens pursue their public goals and interests while taking into account their private interests
C.A kind of spirit and public spirit publicized in modern society
D.Identify yourself as an aggregate connected to others

b
Team spirit refers to the willingness and style of team members to cooperate with each other for the benefit and goals of the team.The root of the strong competitiveness of a high-performance team lies not in the excellence of the individual abilities of its members but in the overall "combination of its members" "Strong, one of the key roles is teamwork.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are team spirits:
A.Loyalty, commitment, like-mindedness and mutual attraction
B.Cohesion and willingness to sacrifice for the benefit of the team
C.The soul and hard-to-imitate qualities of a high-performance team
D.The "glue" that "sticks" each member together

a
Urbanization is a historical process of the transformation of human production and lifestyle from rural to urban, manifested by the process of the transformation of rural to urban population and the continuous development and improvement of cities.The Communiqué of the Third Plenary Session of the Seventeenth Central Committee of the Party stated that by 2020 In 1949, the integration mechanism of urban and rural economic and social development was basically established.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following understandings of urbanization are correct:
A.A large number of farmers have migrated to cities and changed from farmers to citizens
B.The greater the number of farmers entering the city, the higher the urbanization rate
C.The more farmers enter the city, the more advanced the social development of this place
D.Industrialization of farmers' production methods and urbanization of lifestyles

c
Unfair competition refers to all acts that violate the business ethics and business customs, especially the production and management of goods in violation of relevant laws.It includes monopolistic behavior, restricting competition, and the use of deception, coercion, inducement, slander, embezzlement and other immorality by operators The act of engaging in market transactions.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are unfair competition:
A.Deceptive trading behavior, improper sales behavior, refusal to "three guarantees" behavior
B.Defamation of competitors, commercial bribery, non-compliance mark
C.Degrading competitor behavior, conditional transaction behavior, agreement-restricted competition behavior
D.Infringing on trade secrets, not issuing shopping invoices, and ignoring consumer rights

c
The core of corporate culture is people-oriented values, specifically respecting people, serving people, and developing people.Respecting people is equal to people, caring, understanding, and tolerant; serving people is to provide people with thoughtful and meticulous services and provide a variety of services.Protection and guarantee measures; the development of people is to realize the various rights and interests of people in accordance with their actual needs and goals.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are at the core of corporate culture:
A.Some big business ideas and business strategies of business leaders
B.Corporate responsibility, innovation, integrity, driving force, influence
C.Think of people, not money, and machines as natural resources
D.Values of corporate managers, industry professionals, and ordinary employees

a
Reverse thinking is a special way of thinking, and its thinking orientation is opposite to that of ordinary people.Reverse thinking is not to advocate that people violate the rules and think unrestrictedly, but to train a small probability thinking.Mode, that is, thinking that focuses on the possibility of small probability in thinking activities.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are backward thinking:
A.People abandon me, people move in and out, people move me still, people just me soft
B.Take the formation of a complex problem as the divergence point, and combine it with other things into new problems as much as possible
C.Taking the result of a complex problem as the divergence point, inferring the various causes of the result
D.Twisted the way people usually think about problems,

b
Trying out refers to the speculation, estimation, judgment, etc.of people and things other than yourself.Trying out must be based on a good attitude, based on a summary of practical experience, and based on careful analysis and thinking.It can be comprehensive, objective, and accurate.Estimating, estimating, and judging the inner emotions of others is a basic skill necessary for people to recognize and deal with complex problems.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are examples:
A.Know yourself and know yourselves
B.Stand up for everything, and abandon it for nothing
C.The benevolent sees benevolence, the wise sees wisdom
D.Don't do anything to others

b
Food additives are chemically synthesized or natural substances added to food to improve the quality and color, aroma, taste, shape, and functions of preservatives, freshness and processing technology.As long as the food additives are used in a reasonable manner and in a reasonable dose, they will not cause Food safety issues.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are food additives:
A.Pigments, leavening agents, protein extracts, preservatives
B.Sweetener, moisture, emulsifier, sodium sulfide
C.MSG, native sugar alcohols, vitamins, minerals
D.Colorants, poppy shells, flour treatment agents

b
Among the following cadres: three have been trained at the grassroots level, four are from Shandong, two are from Jinan, and five are graduates.The above situation involved all the staff who held the meeting, and Jinan was not a graduate.
Then, the total number of people who held the meeting was:
A.Minimum 5 persons, maximum 12 persons
B.Minimum 7 persons, maximum 12 persons
C.Minimum 5 persons, maximum 14 persons
D.Minimum 7 people, maximum 14 people

c
The researchers selected more than 600 students to be tested on computers with red and blue screen backgrounds.As a result, people with computers with red backgrounds scored better on memory and proofreading accuracy tests, while using blue People with a background computer show better imagination and creativity.At the 2004 Summer Olympics, athletes wearing red clothing won 60% of boxing, taekwondo, and wrestling competitions.Blue sky, the ocean brought people Openness and tranquility.
From this:
A.Red symbolizes an advantage in the subconscious
B.Blue Easy Prompts People to Show More Creativity
C.Red and blue easily affect people's cognition and behavior
D.Red is reminiscent of anger, aggression and courage

a
Every year since this year, August 8th is the "National Fitness Day".A.B, D, and D.discuss the nature of the "National Fitness Day." A said, "All of us in the office know this is not a statutory fitness day." B said : "If Xiao Zhang says that this is not a statutory fitness activity day, then he considers it to be a statutory 'National Sports Day'." C said, "Xiao Zhang said that this is not a statutory fitness activity day, nor is it a statutory Beijing Olympic Games memorial."Ding said," Some people in our office didn't know that it was a legal fitness day, but thought it was a sports festival."Only one of the four people was known to be untrue.
From this:
A.A falsehood
B.B telling lies
C.C is telling lies
D.Ding tells lies

b
The collective suicide of flying birds is a difficult mystery of nature.A popular saying today is: collective suicide of birds, mainly because the movement of the earth's magnetic poles makes them misaligned.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the opinion of the above experts?
A.A large number of poisonous gas clouds floating in the air are the culprits of bird death
B.The collective death of the flying birds is usually an accident of nature
C.Asuka kills shrimp and crabs that feed on toxic algae in the river and sea
D.Volcanic eruption produces large quantities of sulfide and kills birds collectively

a
The researchers used genetic manipulation to enable the mice to metabolize glucose and fatty acids, but not acetic acid, and then compared how these rats differed from normal rats when they were fed with food and fasted for 48 hours.In the state of being forced to fast for a long time, the body temperature and endurance of experimental mice that cannot metabolize acetic acid are significantly reduced.Acetic acid is the basic substance in life, and the body structure of experimental mice is very close to the human body.
From this:
A.Acetic acid plays a vital role in maintaining the body's energy supply
B.Acetic acid can be used as an energy source that does not raise blood sugar
C.Adenosine triphosphate produced by metabolism is the energy source of life activities
D.Fatty acids and ketone bodies are the main sources of ATP during prolonged exercise

c
In recent years, the construction of sewage treatment plants has been heating up in order to treat urban sewage.The large-scale implementation of sewage treatment plants can indeed reduce the COD reduction of urban domestic sewage in a short period of time.However, some local urban sewage has passed fish ponds and natural The ecological purification of wetlands can also greatly reduce the COD concentration.
From this:
A.A single centralized governance model does not conform to the laws of environmental protection itself
B.Pollution is at the cost of energy and money
C.Measures to reduce emissions should be adapted to local conditions, combining multiple methods
D.For the purpose of pollution control, energy conservation and emission reduction cannot be combined.

a
Tangible wear and intangible wear are concepts that describe the decline in the value of machinery and equipment.Talent as a resource also faces tangible wear and intangible wear.Talent's physical wear refers to the physical and psychological development of talents with age and working hours.Status-related physical strength.Aggressiveness and cooperation.The intangible wear and tear of talents refers to the decline in the value of talents due to their relatively backward concepts, knowledge, and methods.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are the intangible wear and tear of talents:
A.Chen Li of the department is not interested in the newly introduced remote sensing equipment and is not actively studying.
B, for 20 years in the same post, Director Liu sometimes feels irritable and loses his will.
C, college graduate Zhao Gang's simple working method, often criticized by colleagues
D, the 45-year-old leader of Wang often feels that his physical strength is not enough, and sends out a feeling of "more than enough heart"

c
Structural mobility refers to large-scale changes in the nature and distribution of the social environment, social class, and population caused by changes in production technology or social structure, often without the transfer of human will.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is not a structural flow?
A.with the rapid development of the eastern coastal economy, the population of the central and western regions has moved eastward
B, due to a military coup in the country, a large number of citizens of a country have recently poured into neighboring countries
C, dissatisfaction with the decline in the quality of life in first-tier cities, and the return of talents to second- and third-tier cities
D.Urbanization is manifested by the transfer of rural population to cities and the continuous development and improvement of cities.

d
The multiple cropping index refers to the ratio of the total sown area of crops to the area of arable land within a year, and is generally expressed as a percentage.The level of the multiple cropping index is limited by local conditions such as soil, water conservancy, fertilizer, labor, and scientific and technological levels.A long frost-free period, sufficient water, and reasonable interplanting are the basis for improving the multiple cropping index.
Based on the above definition, which of the following statements about multiple indices is correct?
A.China's south to north, the regional multiple cropping index has gradually increased
B, the multiple crop index is closely related to the longitude of the region
C, the multiple crop index in spring and autumn is higher than in summer and winter
D, the higher level of agricultural science and technology, but the multiple crop index exceeds 100%

a
Compensation of capabilities refers to the mutual replacement and compensation of capabilities between different abilities of the same individual or members within the organization, so as to maintain or maintain the normal progress of the activity.Among them, radiation compensation refers to the superior ability to effectively strengthen the various capabilities.The phenomenon of interconnectedness or the promotion of other capabilities at the same time.Amplification compensation refers to the high development of superior capabilities, which effectively makes up for some weak capabilities.
According to the above definitions, radiation compensation is applied to:
A.the No.7 player of the country A football team runs fast and has a strong dribbling skill.Under his leadership, his side has repeatedly broken the opponent's defense line and scored goals.
B, National Basketball players have physical deficiencies, but with the "devil training", they make up for the physical conditions and create the Olympic Games three consecutive championships.
C, a teenager in the C diving team has comprehensive skills and strong strength, but due to lack of on-site experience, he sometimes plays abnormally, so the coach arranges him to participate in a team match, the second appearance
D, Ding Guo ’s table tennis players ’offensive strength is world-class, but their defensive ability is relatively weak.In many world competitions, they rely on strong offense to make their opponents tired of defensive and win the victory.

a
The short board theory means that the amount of water in the barrel is determined by the shortest amount of the template that forms the barrel.This short plate is the "limiting factor" for the amount of water in the barrel.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following do not meet the short board theory:
A.the enthusiasm of employees in a unit decreased, and the unit appointed a new leader, which improved the morale of the team
B, a parent pays attention to the child's intellectual development and neglects its mental health, which causes the child to lose self because of heart problems
C, a company pays attention to the cultivation of technical elites, and the use and development of general employees are insufficient, resulting in frustration of team morale
D, a wine group invested heavily in advertising, and once became a rookie in the wine industry, but eventually the company went bankrupt due to insufficient production capacity

c
Substitution effect means that when a certain tax or change in tax rate affects relative prices or relative benefits, people choose another consumption or activity to replace the original consumption or activity
According to the above definitions, Which of the following
A.After China's accession to the WTO, the tax rate on many imported goods has been reduced, and people are buying more of these goods.
B.After the progressive salary rate is increased, many white-collar workers choose to use rest to replace part of their working hours
C.In 1747, a window tax was levied in Britain.To avoid paying taxes, most people blocked their windows.
D.After the state began to levy taxes on crude oil used in industrial boilers, many enterprises have upgraded their equipment or switched to other raw materials.

b
Symbiotic symbiosis refers to the ecological relationship between two species in the biological world.One organism will benefit from this relationship, but the other organism does not receive any benefits in this relationship, but also No harm, just drive the other party to gain benefits
According to the above definition, Which of the following phenomena belong to the symbiotic symbiosis:
A.Microorganisms are parasitic in the stomach of ruminants and can also help ruminants digest food
B.The catfish has a poor swimming ability.Its dorsal fins have evolved into suction cups that are adsorbed on the sharks.As the sharks swim around the ocean, when the sharks capture their prey, the catfish steals the remaining food.
C.Algae plants grow in the thick hair of the sloth.During the rainy season, the algae flourish and form a green camouflage, making it easier for the sloth to survive in the bush.The algae use the sloth as a derivative tool.
D.Jellyfish prey on conch larvae.After entering the jellyfish's body cavity, the larvae will not be digested, but will gain food and protection When the larva grows out of the jellyfish body cavity, it will take away a jellyfish breeding body.

b
Social facts refer to a class of very special facts that exist in society.These facts exist outside the individual and consist of behaviors, ways of thinking and feelings that make them unable to disobey them.Behavior is binding and compulsory.It exists implicitly in people's daily lives, and individuals will be punished if they violate it.
According to the above definition, which of the following does not involve social facts?
A.Respect the old and love the young
B.Concerns and Concerns
C.The prince breaks the law and accompanies the people
D.Follow the customs

a
Non-cause management refers to managing affairs for others without being delegated and unable to determine or agree on obligations.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are attributed to cause-free management:
A.At the request of A.B takes his 6-year-old child to the beach to play, and the child accidentally falls into the water, B rescues him
B.A and B are neighbors.A goes out to work.In order to avoid the typhoon's collapse of A's old house, B recruits and repairs the house.
C.A's horse is lost.After B picks up the horse and finds the owner of the horse unsuccessful, he keeps it in his own home.Hou A finds B and retrieves the horse.
D.The fish raised by Jia is at the time of sale.A suddenly goes out due to urgent matters.When B sees that A is absent, he sells the fish he raised.After A returns, deduct the cost of sales and give the remaining money to A.

b
Behavioral economics believes that reciprocal behavior is a conditional cooperative behavior that rewards behaviors of goodwill and helping others.Reciprocal behavior benefits the other party by implementing a form of reward, which is often achieved by reducing or harming self-interest.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are reciprocal behaviors:
A.Entrepreneur Liu Zhigang donates to cancer patients every year and wins praise from all walks of life
B.Thanks to my colleagues for saving the child who fell into the water, Li Ling gave up her chance of promotion and raise
C.Xiao Wang used his spare time to help new college students get familiar with the business, so he was also trained.
D.For long-term joint cooperation, the general manager provides many favorable conditions for suppliers

a
Waste incineration power generation is included in the "Eleventh Five-Year Plan" for renewable energy development of the National Development and Reform Commission.Some experts believe that waste incineration is a safe and environmentally friendly waste disposal method.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above-mentioned expert opinion?
A.Organic matter produced by incineration of garbage cannot be naturally decomposed
B.1 ton of domestic waste can be burned to 300 to 500 degrees after incineration
C.Residue of 1 ton of domestic garbage after incineration is only 10% to 15%
D.In Japan, 70% of domestic waste is recycled instead of incinerated

c
In the process of urbanization, when the urbanization rate exceeds 50%, the phenomenon of deceleration of urbanization will gradually appear.An indispensable strategic idea to stop the deceleration of urbanization is to accelerate the process of peasant workers' citizenization, a necessary to accelerate this process The measure is to build an information system and credit system for migrant workers.
From this we can infer:
A.If we cannot stop the deceleration of urbanization, we will not accelerate the civicization of migrant workers.
B.If the process of migrant workers' citizenization is accelerated, urbanization can be decelerated
C.Without the construction of an information system and credit system for migrant workers, urbanization cannot be decelerated
D.If the information system and credit system of migrant workers are set up, the process of citizenization of migrant workers can be promoted

d
Experts from the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom said that the brains of early humans were larger than modern humans, and that modern humans were 10% shorter than early humans.This study subverts previous theories that modern humans have become higher and stronger with evolution.Scientists say that this evolutionary decay of humans has occurred in the past 10,000 years or so, probably due to the emergence of agriculture.After the advent of agricultural farming, humans were limited by the reduction of food types and the spread of diseases, so there was an evolutionary decay.phenomenon.
Which of the following, if true, is the least likely to question a researcher's hypothesis?
A.according to research, human large-scale agricultural farming was made 5,000 years ago
B.Ten thousand years ago, people in Africa and modern human cars were good.
C, with the improvement of agriculture, the food types of humans are much more than 10,000 years ago
D.There is no cure for early human illness, and the physically disabled have been eliminated in evolution

b
Regarding the selection of the Chief of the Personnel Division, a certain bureau decided to be elected by all staff of the unit, and the top three candidates were elected as candidates.Each person only needs to check the staff list of this bureau.The counting team found that the newly graduated Zhang Hao did not tick anyone; Wang Ming ticked anyone who hit dogs with Zhao Jie; Li Zilu ticked those who did not get the full ticket.
From this we can infer:
A.Wang Ming and Li Zilu did not tick each other
B, Wang Ming and Li Zilu ticked each other
C, Wang Ming chose Li Zilu, but Li Zilu did not choose Wang Ming
D, Wang Ming did not choose Li Zilu, but Li Zilu chose Wang Ming

a
In a survey, as many as two-thirds of the respondents believe that the most important factor affecting the sense of safety at present is the level of income.Analyzing the sense of security of different income groups, it is found that those with a monthly income of 3,000 to 6,000 yuan are safe.It is significantly lower than those with a monthly income of 6000 ~ 8000 yuan.Therefore, the lower the income, the lower the sense of security,
Which of the following, if true, cannot weaken the above point?
A.the cost of living is higher for people with an income of 3,000 to 6,000 yuan than other groups
B, many people think that income is more stable than income.
C, people with an income of 1500 ~ 3000 yuan are more secure
D, income is not the only factor affecting security, food, marriage, etc.all have an equally important role in security

b
Regardless of the global scope or the actual situation in China, human civilization has developed to such a stage, that is, to protect the ecological environment, ensure the harmony between man and nature, and ensure that the economy can be sustainable.
You can exit from this:
A.if the economy is not sustainable, it is not doing a good job in environmental protection
B.Only by doing a good job in environmental protection can we achieve sustainable economic development
C, even if environmental protection is not done well, economic sustainability can be achieved
D.Environmental protection can only be done well if sustainable economic development is achieved

b
A research institution took 9 years to track and investigate the dietary habits of 60,000 healthy people, including two types of digestion of meat, meat cooking methods, and meat cooking degree.The research team took the research object according to the amount of meat consumed.Divided into 5 groups.By the end of the study, a total of 208 people had pancreatic cancer, most of them were concentrated in the two groups with the highest amount of barbecued meat.Therefore, the researchers concluded that eating a large amount of barbecued meat is more likely to develop pancreatic cancer
Which of the following is true will most weaken the conclusion
A.Studies show that if one parent has pancreatic cancer, their child's chance of developing pancreatic cancer will increase by 30%
B.Research shows that compared with people who eat cooked meat for a long time, people who eat meat for a long time have a similar proportion of pancreatic cancer.
C.Survey data shows that 98% of people who eat a lot of barbecues like to eat barbecue while drinking beer, and often stay up late
D.The proportion of people who prefer semi-cooked barbecue in this study to pancreatic cancer is about 60% higher than those who prefer fully-cooked barbecue

b
Little girls like dolls, and little boys prefer toy cars.Is this a natural instinct or a choice under the influence of the acquired environment? In an experiment, researchers observed the preference of 3 to 8-month-old infants for toys and found that Babies stare at pink dolls significantly longer than toy trucks, while baby boys spend more time focusing on blue trucks.Therefore, researchers believe that different baby preferences for toys may be determined by sex genes
What are the assumptions implicit in the above conclusions?
A.the baby has been paying attention to new things for a long time
B, baby's hobby of toys is not affected by the color of the toy
C, the difference in the placement of toy trucks and dolls will affect the baby's attention
D, most babies are more likely to notice toys with the same or similar hue to their clothes

b
Experiments have found that when mice are suddenly exposed to loud sounds (fear), specific cells in the amygdala of the mouse brain are more active, and a special "fear protein" in the brain increases."GluAl" substance.Mice lacking "GluAl" maintain fear memory associated with loud sounds, while other mice do not.Therefore, experiments have concluded that the development of "GluAl" drugs can help people remove the pain or fear Wait for bad memories, and leave only happy times.
Which of the following cannot be questioned if it is true /
A.the nervous system between mice and humans is very large, and the results of mouse experiments are difficult to apply to humans
B, the amygdala is responsible for the generation and regulation of negative emotions such as anxiety, irritability, fright and fear
C, GluAl deletes horror memories and also deletes self-protected memories
D.Taking GluAls for a long time may cause amnesia

a
Wu Xu, Zheng Jie, and Shen Yao plan to visit Nanjing again.The three choose planes, trains, and cars.They travel in different ways.If Zheng Jie chooses to travel by car, Wu Xu does not.Choose a ship; if Wu Xu chooses a train, Shen Yao doesn't choose an airplane; Shen Yao chooses an airplane, and one of the trains goes.
According to the above statement, which of the following must be wrong?
A.Shen Yao chooses the plane, and Zheng Jie chooses the car
B, Shen Yao chooses the plane, and Zheng Jie chooses the ship
C, Shen Yao chooses the train, and Zheng Jie chooses the car
D, Shen Yao chooses the train, and Zheng Jie chooses the plane

b
Soil and water loss refers to the damage and loss suffered by water and soil resources and land productivity under the action of external forces such as water power, gravity, and wind, including erosion of land surface and water loss, also known as soil and water loss.Unrealized economic activity is generated by the interweaving of each other.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not lost on the water:
A.Debris flow after a heavy rain somewhere
B.Gradual desertification in some areas under strong winds
C.Rocks become gravel after long-term weathering
D.The Yellow River brings a large amount of sediment to the lower reaches of the plateau

b
Reduction thinking refers to when the problem is difficult to solve directly, according to the nature of the problem, the conditions and the characteristics of the relationship; the appropriate transformation method is used to convert the problem, and finally it is reduced to an easy, simpler or solved problem thought of.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following uses the idea of reduction:
A.Mankind invented the electric bulb using tungsten wire as the filament, which replaced the conventional carbon wire electric lamp, thereby significantly improving the brightness of the electric lamp.
B.After mastering the formulas for calculating the area of the fan and triangle, use the method of graphic segmentation to find the area of the bow.
C.Professor Zhang replaced the previous experimental method with a new experimental method, thereby overcoming a technical problem
D.Legal researchers have theorized the methodology of law, which has evolved into a methodology of law

a
Road traffic accidents refer to the event of personal injury or property damage caused by the vehicle's fault or accident on the road."Road" refers to highways, urban roads, and places that are permitted by social vehicles, although in the jurisdiction of the unit, including squares , Public parking lots and other places for public traffic."Vehicles" refers to motor vehicles and non-motor vehicles."Non-motor vehicles" refers to vehicles that are driven by human or animal power and travel on roads, although they have power.The device is driven but designed with the highest speed per hour, the quality of empty cars, and the dimensions of the wheelchairs, electric bicycles and other vehicles for the disabled.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not road traffic accidents:
A.Xiaowang accidentally knocked an old man back when reversing in a closed management area
B.Ms.Zhou crosses the road with her pet dog, and her pet dog is unfortunately killed under the ring
C.Xiao Zhao parked the car in the parking lot near the mall and found that the rear of the car was hit when he picked up the car.
D.When the green light is on, Xiao Jiang crosses the road across the zebra crossing and is injured by a bicycle running through the red light

c
Self-disorder strategy refers to when people expect that they will fail, and often set up some obstacles in advance to hinder their success as an excuse to explain failure.This behavior is called self-disorder strategy.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following use self-disability strategies:
A.Xiao Li's academic performance has always been the first in the class, but she is not sure about the final exam that is coming soon.She simply lied that she was ill to avoid the final exam.
B.The salesman Zhang's performance declined, and the manager asked him to talk.Zhang explained that this was due to his nervous breakdown and poor working status in the recent period.
C.Xiao Yang was chopped all the way and finally reached the National Tennis Finals.At this moment, he suddenly worried that he would not get a good place in the finals, deliberately sprained his feet during training and took the injury to participate in the game.
D.Xiao Liu, who has been a top student in middle school, has played a distorted college entrance examination, only admitted to an inconspicuous university, and then broke the jar and fell, and could no longer interest in learning

a
Knowledge marketing refers to the use of corporate advertising, promotion, and public attention to a certain amount of knowledge and cultural flesh in the marketing process of an enterprise, helping consumers to increase product-related and practical information and knowledge, and improve their consumption and quality of life.In order to achieve the purpose of promoting products, establishing an image, and improving brand competitiveness.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are knowledge marketing:
A.A health product manufacturer enters the community to provide a healthy life lecture for residents, and promotes its health products in the lecture
B.A sports goods manufacturer donated sports goods worth 200,000 yuan to Hope Primary School, and many media reported this.
C.A normal university sends out a student support group.While supporting the teaching, the importance of sword education has played a positive role in the local enrollment of the school.
D.Stock analysts of a securities company are often invited by TV stations to perform stock analysis for the majority of shareholders in TV shows

d
The profit group bias refers to the fact that people always tend to give a goodwill understanding to the behavior of their group members, and in explaining the similar behavior of spring group members, it is easier to imagine from a bad perspective.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following deviations from the profit group are:
A.The victory of the host team benefits from the situation and the situation.Our defeat in the away game is because the players are dissatisfied in a foreign country.
B.The main reason for our team's defeat in the game is overworked training, which did not save the strength to play the game, which made the opponents a big deal.
C.The main reason that a company manager believes that the company's performance was unsatisfactory last year was to underestimate the strength of the competitors and let the other party steal most customers
D.When a headteacher sees the behavior of the students in his class, he thinks it is just a joke.When he is involved in similar behavior of other students, he thinks it is "bad quality".

a
Complementary goods refer to two or more related goods that jointly satisfy the same desire of the consumer.Under the condition that the consumer's preferences, currency income and other commodity prices remain unchanged, if the decline in the price of commodity A causes demand for commodity B Growth, then commodities A and B are complementary commodities.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are complementary commodities:
A.When the price of film cameras is unchanged, the increase in film prices has led to a corresponding reduction in demand for film cameras.
B.Due to the increase in raw material costs, the price of a bottle of wine produced by a factory was adjusted from 10 yuan to 11 yuan, but it did not affect the personality of wine glasses on the market.
C.In some regions, car purchase restrictions have been introduced to ease traffic pressure, which has caused the prices of some cars to decrease.At the same time, gasoline prices have continued to rise due to oil shortages.
D.In order to form a table tennis team, a school purchased a number of table tennis and rackets, and found that the quality of the rackets was not good.

c
Implicit cognition refers to the internal processing of the human brain on various stimuli, that is, in the cognitive process, although the actor cannot recall a certain past experience, this experience has potentially generated an actor's behavior and judgment.influences.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are consistent with implicit cognition:
A.Xiaofang saw an advertisement for a certain brand of mobile phone on the TV.She thought that there was a problem with the handset of the mobile phone used by her father.
B.Xiaohui learned French in his spare time, but after studying, he was forced to stop learning French because he did not engage in French-related work.
C.Zhang Ming, 30, was very afraid of caterpillars, and his mother thought it was because he was stung by a caterpillar when he was one and a half years old.
D.Some companies learn from foreign experience, ask celebrities to endorse the company's products, and conduct extensive publicity to gain profits and reputation for the company

c
Crowding effect refers to the effect that when the government adopts an expansionary fiscal policy, it can induce the increase of private consumption and investment, which will lead to an increase in the total output or total employment; the crowding effect refers to the new increase in supply and demand With the reduction of private consumption or investment caused by the increase in government expenditure, this will cause some funds to be squeezed out of the original advances and flow into new commodities.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are the crowding out effects:
A.The county government in a certain area has reduced taxes for individuals with family difficulties through business operators.This has driven the local individual economy.
B.A local government plans to invest in some large-scale chemical projects and establish chemical plants, as the plants will occupy a part of the arable land.As a result, food prices in the region have risen.
C.Due to the increase in school-age children, the local government increased funding for school infrastructure and reduced tuition and fees, so the proportion of local families reporting art classes to their children increased
D.After a house purchase restriction order was implemented in a city, the property market transaction was sluggish, and people turned to invest in neighboring cities, which further stimulated the neighboring market.

a
Internal administrative actions refer to administrative actions performed by administrative subjects (including administrative agencies, organizations authorized by laws and regulations, and some state-owned institutions) during the internal administrative organization management process, which have legal effects only on the administrative organization.According to the content of internal administrative actions It can be roughly divided into two categories: one is the internal personnel management actions that involve the rights and obligations of civil servants of administrative agencies, such as the rewards and punishments, appointments, removals, assessments, retirements, etc.of administrative bodies for internal administrative personnel; the other is the working relationship between administrative bodies Acts, such as requests, reports, approvals, notices, etc.between administrative agencies at lower and higher levels and administrative agencies at the same level.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are internal administrative acts:
A.The Grain Bureau of a certain province formulates an outline for the development of insured grain production and requires the municipal and county grain bureaus to implement
B.A city's industrial and commercial bureau guides local foreign-invested enterprises to conduct online annual inspections, simplifying procedures and improving work efficiency
C.A city-state tax purchased a group of desks and chairs, and due to serious quality problems, a decision was made to suspend the payment of the balance to the seller
D.A city government signs a labor contract with a cleaner who cleans the office, and makes a decision to terminate the labor relationship for the unqualified person

d
Scientists analyzed and analyzed the fourth metatarsal fossil of the southern ancient ape foot bone excavated at the Hadar site in Ethiopia, and found that the southern ancient ape has regular arched feet.They think that human ancestors date back 3.2 million years ago.Just started walking on both feet like modern people.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above argument?
A.Only by praying for the 4th metatarsal fossil can we find that the southern African ape has a shaped arched foot
B.Only the southern ancient apes were human ancestors
C.Walking with two feet is only possible with shaped arched feet
D.Have arched feet only when walking with both feet

d
American sleep experts designed a test that allowed volunteers to spend 13 consecutive nights and 4 nights in the sleep laboratory.Volunteers could sleep for 8 hours in the evening; the next 6 days, their sleep time was shortened to 6 hours late; the last 3 nights, Zhiying; the person appeared "completion", sleep 10 hours a day, test results show that after a few days of lack of sleep, the volunteers each slowed down.Although I feel awake, I am still slow and awkward.It can be seen that after working for one week and lack of sleep, I use 3 nights.Bujuan can improve the state of drowsiness, but it cannot improve the accumulation of cognitive function caused by lack of consciousness.influences.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Many volunteers have difficulty adapting to the environment of the sleep laboratory and often dream at night
B.Volunteers usually sleep differently, with an average sleep time of 6 hours per night
C.Scan the brain function of volunteers before the experiment and found that there is no obvious abnormality in the brain structure
D.Volunteers are tested for response sensitivity after complementation, and the sensitivity of most people is significantly lower than usual

c
A research institution surveyed and analyzed 208 patients with symptoms such as heartache and arrhythmia, and reported their views on the condition through questionnaires when they started surgery.About 20% of them were very worried that the condition would worsen, and some people Even fear of death, others will not have so much worry.Later follow-up surveys showed that those who were seriously worried about preoperatively had a higher recurrence rate than other people in the first half of the year.Researchers believe that worrying is not conducive to the rehabilitation of heart disease.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Some studies show that worrying emotions can inhibit prefrontal cortex activity of the brain and make people more depressed
B.Researchers find that those with serious concerns are more concerned about their health
C.Those with serious concerns have chemicals in their blood that increase the risk of heart disease
D.Worry is a potential threat to health, and people cause many diseases such as cancer, diabetes

c
A fruit store can only sell fruits at a price lower than the market to make a profit only if the purchase price is lower than the normal price; unless the fruit store has a large sales volume, it is not possible to buy fruit from the fruit farmer below the normal price; In order to have a large sales volume, the fruit store must have the exclusive sales right of a specific variety of fruits.For various reasons, the fruit store does not have the exclusive sales right of a specific variety of fruits.
From this we can infer:
A.The fruit shop has a lot of sales
B.The purchase price of the fruit shop is lower than the regular price
C.The fruit shop cannot profit from selling fruit at a price below the market
D.The fruit shop makes very little profit

a
Norwegian researchers divided 2.3 million birth records in the country over the past few decades, as well as corresponding health data on pregnant women, and found that if a mother has symptoms of hyperemesis gravidarum during pregnancy, the daughter may also develop the symptoms later in pregnancy It is three times more than other people.Studies also show that pregnancy hyperemesis is not related to whether the fetus in the abdomen contains related genes from the husband's side, and the gene that causes this symptom may only come from the mother.Therefore, researchers believe that pregnancy hyperemesis is related to father Genes are unrelated, but passed from mother to daughter.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above conclusion?
A.The natural and domestic environment (climate, eating habits, etc.) of the daughter and mother are similar
B.An Asian study shows that mothers have hyperemesis gravidarum and daughters are 1.5 times more likely than others
C.Studies show that grandma has vomiting during pregnancy, and granddaughter is three times more likely than others
D.Over the past few decades, the proportion of Norwegian women smoking has increased year by year, and smoking has been linked to hyperemesis gravidarum

c
The wild geese are generally arranged in a neat herringbone or flanking flight, which is a manifestation of the instinct of the cluster.Because this is conducive to defending against the enemy.The geese are always experienced old geese as "captains" and fly in the front of the team.In flight, the geese leading the team are exhausted, so they often exchange positions with other geese.Baby birds and frail birds are always inserted in the middle of the team.Therefore, they will not be subject to enemy forces during flight.Harmful attack.
Which of the following, if true, can be a prerequisite for reaching the above conclusions?
The flight formation of A Dayan has both defense and attack functions
B.Weakness cannot be a team leader
C.Enemies will not attack the middle of the geese flight queue while flying
D.There must be more than one wild goose in the flock.

d
Studies have found that if the meal is opened a few minutes later, human babies will cry loudly, but for penguins 3 to 4 months old, they are extremely calm.When the parents of the little penguin went out for food, They even have to adapt to the dilemma of no food for a few days ...
Which of the following, if true, could explain this phenomenon? :
A.3, 4-month-old penguins are not well developed, so their food intake is relatively small
B.When female penguins go for food, male penguins feed their cubs with secretions from their stomachs
C.When the big penguins go out, the little penguins often get together to warm up at night
D.When the Volkswagen Goose is absent, the call of the little penguin will attract natural enemies

b
Nine soldiers at one military station were experiencing symptoms of extreme discomfort.According to investigations, two tanks destroyed by depleted uranium bombs were parked approximately 200 meters from the nine soldiers' detention points.Doctors believe that this was because they had inhaled depleted uranium bombs The radioactive dust produced by coal bombing, but related experts objected that after the depleted uranium bomb hit the target, the radioactive dust produced by it will eventually settle within 150 meters of the bombing point, so it will not affect the health of these soldiers.
Which of the following, if true, can refute the above-mentioned expert's remarks?
A.Studies have shown that depleted uranium bombs can induce various tumor diseases
B.The wind in the area is always very strong, and the radioactive dust generated by the depleted uranium bomb will be blown by the wind to a distance of 40 kilometers.
C.Soldiers who inhaled radioactive dust within 150 meters of the explosion point had symptoms of physical discomfort
D.After the coal bombing incident, a resident passing by there did not have any obvious discomfort.

c
When birds are facing living pressures such as habitat destruction, natural enemy threats, and environmental pollution, they secrete a hormone called cortisol.Therefore, birds that are often under living stress have thinner feathers.
Which of the following, if true, would support the above argument?
A.Cortisol levels in birds may change due to global warming
B.Hormone levels in the body increase after some birds change habitat
C.Cortisol affects bird feather growth and metabolism
D.If the feathers of birds become sparse, they must be under long-term stress

a
The government of a country announced two times in half a year to lower the interest rate on mortgages for home purchases.As a result, many potential buyers are in a state of holding currency to buy.Further wait and see if interest rates can reach a new low.It has fallen sharply, but a noteworthy phenomenon is that while the sales of newly-built house drawers have fallen sharply, the average personality of newly-built house sales is rising rapidly.
Which of the following, if true, could explain this contradiction?
A.The newly-built high-priced houses are on sale, and the prices have risen all the way, because buyers of high-priced houses are basically not affected by interest rate fluctuations.
B.Affected by interest rate fluctuations, home buyers have reluctant to sell their homes, resulting in insufficient market supply of second-hand housing
C.Over the past three years, sales of newly built homes have been rising slowly due to increasing housing shortages
D.Affected by the international market, the price of construction materials in the country has fluctuated continuously for one year

b
Many medical experts have suggested that excessive drinking of coffee is harmful to health.To verify the effect of excessive drinking of coffee on the heart, the researchers selected two groups of subjects.The first group of subjects drank 5 or more cups of coffee a day, and the second The subjects in the group never drank coffee.After a while, it was found that the proportion of subjects with heart disease in the first group was significantly higher than that in the second group.Therefore, the researchers concluded that excessive drinking of coffee increased heart disease.risks of.
If one of the following is true, the above argument can be questioned most?
A.Study finds that heart function is not affected in people who drink 2 cups of coffee daily
B.During the study period, the daily exercise amount of the first group of subjects was significantly less than that of the second group of subjects
C.In addition to affecting heart function, the caffeine contained in coffee is also prone to trigger anxiety
D.Some of the subjects in the first group drink 10 cups of coffee daily

a
Millet began to differentiate from rice about 50 million years ago, and the genomic structure after differentiation still showed significant colinearity.Researchers found that millet chromosomes 2 and 9 were composed of rice 7 and 9, respectively, and 3 and Chromosome 10 was fused.At the same time, they found that the two fusion events also occurred in the sorghum chromosome, so the researchers speculated that the two chromosomal fusion events should occur before sorghum differentiated from millet.
Which of the following premise is needed for the above reasoning?
A.Sorghum differentiation from millet occurs after millet differentiation from rice
B.The collinearity between sorghum and millet is less than the collinearity between sorghum and rice
C.It is unlikely that chromosomes 3 and 10 will be separated after fusion
D.Another chromosomal fusion event occurred after millet was differentiated from rice

a
Archaeologists have researched human bones unearthed from the Andes region between 900 and 2800 years ago.Some chemical isotopes extracted from it reflect that people there mostly ate corn."Corn culture" drove the Andes The population of the region grew.Several large-scale wars at the time were also related to the scarcity of soil suitable for planting corn.The war led to the continuous transformation and development of the social system.Therefore they concluded that "agriculture promoted the development of the ancient Andean society".
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the above conclusion?
A.The Inca civilization of the Andean region experienced several major social changes as early as 2800 years ago.
B.The humans in the Andean region predominantly fished along the coast before 3,600, and gradually migrated inland until about 2800.
C.Other chemical isotopes extracted from human bones reflect that people also consumed potatoes and beans at the time
D.The social system of the Andean region has a central government and local governments, and then it generates a variety of social forms

c
All international students from China live on campus; all students living on campus must participate in the sports meeting; some Chinese students join the student union; some psychology students also join the student union; all psychology students do not have Participate in the Games.
Which of the following conclusions cannot be derived from this?
A.All Chinese students participated in the Games
B.No psychology student lives on campus
C.Some Chinese students study psychology
D.Some student union members did not attend the sports meeting

d
Under normal circumstances, leptin and insulin in the human body can help people control their mouths, and once they are full, they will send a signal to the brain to tell people to stop eating.And junk food contains excessive saturated fat, which will be blocked by saturated fat molecules.Sign to stop eating.
It follows that:
A.Overall balanced diet and maintaining nutrition is the most critical factor for maintaining health
B.Junk food not only causes obesity, but also induces other diseases
C.Saturated fats in junk food far exceed other foods
D.The signal of fullness is transmitted to the brain to avoid overeating

a
A cold is a self-limiting disease that will heal itself after one or two weeks.If you can tolerate it, there is no need to take those cold medicines that relieve the symptoms of symptoms.Pay attention to drink plenty of water and rest.If you can't stand it, you can eat some Cold medicine works, but common cold medicines don't really treat colds.
Which of the following, if true, can weaken the above view?
A.Taking medicine to relieve symptoms can speed up the cure of a cold
B.Colds will heal themselves, the effect of taking medicine is to relieve symptoms
C.Drink plenty of water and rest are good for cold self-healing
D.Cold medicine can relieve cough, snot and other symptoms

a
The researchers designed such an experiment.They collected nerve cells from the experimental mice and implanted them into the brains of domestic mice.The experimental mice lived only about 18 months.The domestic mice lived twice as long.It was found that when the house mouse died, the nerve cells implanted from the experimental mouse were still alive.
Which of the following can be used as the conclusion of the above experiment?
A.Nerve cells in laboratory mice live longer than the organism to which they belong
B.Nerve cell life span of family members is longer than that of experimental mice
C.The life span of nerve cells in experimental mice is longer than that of house mice
D.Nerve cells can survive indefinitely through transplantation

c
In addition to the basic salary of a unit of employees, a large part of their income comes from performance wages.In April this year, the performance wages of all employees in the first project group of the unit were higher than the highest performance wages of the second group of employees.The employee with the highest monthly performance salary is not in the first project group.
From this we can infer:
A.The unit leader has the highest performance salary
B.The performance salary of some employees in other project groups of the unit is not the first, and the average of the second project group is high.
C.Some employees of this unit do not belong to the first project team or the second project team
D.The average performance salary of the second project group is lower than the average performance salary of the unit

a
Regarding power, some people have argued that: there are real powers to do great things, there are virtual powers to do practical things, and no power to do good things.
Which of the following is most unlikely to be derived from the above claims:
A.No right, nothing good
B.No fictitious power, do nothing
C.Right, do good
D.No real power, nothing important

b
Air pollutants are divided into primary pollutants and secondary pollutants.After being discharged from the pollution source to the atmosphere, direct pollution of the air is called primary pollutants, which mainly include sulfur dioxide, carbon monoxide, nitrogen oxides, nitrogen dioxide, and particulate matter (floating dust, dustfall, soot) Etc.), nitrogen and organic compounds containing oxygen, nitrogen, chlorine, sulfur, and radioactive substances.Secondary pollutants are due to sunlight-irradiated pollutants.Primary pollutants discharged into the environment occur under the action of physical, chemical factors or biological factors.New pollutants whose physical and chemical properties differ from primary pollutants due to changes or reactions with other substances in the environment.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following do not mention secondary pollutants:
A.The combination of sulfur dioxide emitted by volcanic eruption and oxygen in the atmosphere will form sulfuric acid mist or sulfate aerosol, causing environmental acidification, which will also affect climate change through direct or indirect radiative forcing
B.Particulate matter is solid and liquid particles floating in the atmosphere.Particulate matter can scatter and absorb sunlight, reduce visibility, affect traffic, and increase automobile and aviation accidents.
C.Nitrogen oxides and acetaldehyde emitted from industrial production will undergo a photochemical reaction to produce peroxyacetyl sulfate, which strongly stimulates the eyes and can cause a series of symptoms such as dyspnea, heart dysfunction and lung failure
D.Nitrogen oxides and hydrocarbons in pollutants emitted by automobile engines, upon exposure to sunlight, form photochemical smog in the atmosphere, causing great harm to the human respiratory system

a
"First time" is translated from "primetime" in English.It has two meanings.The original meaning is "the time period with the most audiences such as radio and television stations", which is equivalent to the "prime time" in Chinese.Time or fastest and timely time ".
The usage of "first time" in the following items is inconsistent with the above definition:
A.Students learn basic internet language for the first time
B.The media reports the progress of the meeting through the network for the first time
C.When the incident happened, the reporter actively captured the first-time scoop
D.At the critical moment, the main person in charge of the government must arrive at the scene as soon as possible

d
Market segmentation refers to continuous dialogue with a specific group of consumers to understand their specific needs, and through new products or services or new forms of communication, enable consumers to recognize the use of products or services and give back relevant information.It's about consolidating old markets or discovering new ones.
Which of the following best fits the above definition?
A.The terms of the company's employees stipulate that all internal staff will receive a 20% discount on the latest products purchased by the company
B.A large foreign trade market is divided into three large consumer areas according to food, clothing, and daily necessities.
C.A fashion brand is located in the most prominent place in the shopping center, becoming the first stop for many customers
D.A certain sports brand conducts market research from time to time, updates its products, and is more and more sought after by young people.

a
The necessary condition refers to a relationship between two sentences.If a false sentence is false, it can be concluded that the B sentence is false, then the A sentence is said to be a necessary condition for the B sentence.
According to the above definition, which of the following is a necessary condition for the next sentence?
A.The salesperson at the jewelry counter is either a college student or a beautiful girl; the salesperson at the jewelry counter is a beautiful girl
B.Nanjing has beautiful scenery and pleasant climate; Nanjing has a pleasant climate
C.The instruments of the Observatory are from the Qing Dynasty and the Song and Yuan Dynasties; the instruments of the Observatory are from the Tang Dynasty
D.Faye Wong, a university teacher, is a PhD and has experience studying abroad; Faye Wong can be hired as an associate professor

d
Hang a beautiful bird cage in the most prominent place in the room.Within a few days, the director will definitely make one of two choices: throw the bird cage away, or buy a bird and put it back in the bird cage, because This is much easier than endlessly explaining and explaining to others that hanging an empty birdcage is the logic of the birdcage.Not every birdcage should have a bird in it, but unfortunately people are always subject to it Inertial thinking, I don't know how to change, it is difficult to break through the routine and cannot escape this logical limitation.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following do not reflect the logic of the birdcage:
A.Most young people think they need to buy a new house first
B.University graduates generally choose employment before choosing a career, and consider entrepreneurship after their professional development is mature
C.The Chu people wanted to attack the Song Dynasty.They sent people to make a mark in the river.At night, the river suddenly rose.The Chu people still crossed the original mark and drowned many soldiers.
D.In order to drink the water in the bottle, the crow put the pebble in the bottle into the bottle, so that the water level in the bottle not filled with water was raised, and finally it drank the water.

d
Dangerous offender refers to the offense that the dangerous state stipulated by law is caused by the perpetrator's dangerous behavior as a mark of completion.This type of crime is not based on the result of a material and tangible crime, but is marked by the possession of a legal objective dangerous state..
According to the above definition, Which of the following are dangerous offenders:
A.Indecent children
B.Commercial fraud
C.Obituary framed
D.Drunk driving

d
Ethnoenology is the study of various forms of the relationship between humans and insects in a certain society.While studying insects, it studies the structure of society, human behavior and the interaction between insects.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following items that are not within the scope of ethnoentomology are:
A.Study the way insects are consumed by people of a certain religious belief
B.Study the reasons why a certain ethnic group uses butterfly specimens as clothing
C.Investigate how and why people use insect entertainment in an area
D.Study the history of entomology in a country

a
Tax burden shifting refers to an economic phenomenon in which taxpayers transfer the tax burden to buyers or suppliers by increasing the sales price or lowering the purchase price in the course of commodity transactions.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options do not reflect the tax burden transfer:
A.After increasing tobacco consumption tax, a tobacco wholesaler increased the price of imported cigarettes accordingly, and the consumption of imported cigarettes dropped significantly.
B.After the cotton yarn levy was imposed on cotton yarn manufacturers, manufacturers began to increase the factory price of cotton yarn, so wholesalers also raised prices
C.Cosmetics are taxed at the retail level.Retailers require suppliers to reduce the price of goods, and suppliers require manufacturers to reduce prices in the same way.
D.After the increase in sales tax, weaving factories increased prices when selling cloth to printing and dyeing factories, while reducing the wages of our employees.

d
De-personalization refers to the weakening of self-directed function or loss of responsibility under the influence of group pressure or group consciousness, resulting in behaviors that do not occur when individuals act alone.De-personalization has two characteristics: one is the hiding of identity.The second is the blurring of responsibility.
According to the above definition, Which of the following scenarios are not de-personalized:
A.In the website forum, some anonymous netizens freely forward false information
B.The old man fell on the road, many people were watching but no one helped out
C.At the football match, fans argue about whether the referee misjudged
D.Two thieves stole valuable antiques during a large rally

a
Product liability refers to the product supplier (including the manufacturing) Liability for civil damages, such as buyers, sellers, repairers, etc.).
According to the above definition, Which of the following situations clearly belong to the product supplier:
A.Pedestrian injuries caused by the collapse of a viaduct due to the use of substandard steel bars
B.Patients without an allergic skin test die after penicillin injection
C.Citizens are not refrigerated after purchasing yogurt, and are hospitalized after drinking
D.A baby takes adult vitamins by mistake and causes acute poisoning

a
Crowdfunding, that is, crowdfunding or crowdfunding, refers to the mode of "" "to raise project funds from netizens.It consists of promoters, investors, and platforms.It uses the characteristics of Internet communication to allow small businesses, artists, or individuals.To show their creativity to the public, to win everyone's attention and support, and then to obtain the financial assistance needed.It has a low threshold, diversity, relying on public power, and focusing on creativity.
According to the above definition, Which of the following behaviors are crowdfunding:
A.Watermelons are abundant in a certain area.Xiao Zhao posted a message on the Internet to organize pre-orders.Many netizens participated in "group purchases." Guarana farmers planted according to the reservation information.They can quickly sell out watermelons every year.
B.Xiao Li hopes to build an activity area for daily activities for the elderly in the community.He initiated fund-raising activities on the community's website and quickly received responses from the residents of the community to raise the required funds.
C.Xiaoxin designed a pet feeder, and netizens saw photos of him "baked" and asked for purchases.Xiaoxin accepted a batch of netizens' reservations and mass-produced them at the cost of the reservation.
D.Xiao Tang designed an automatic egg picker for a chicken farm.For mass production, he introduced his project online.After an investment company saw it, he provided Xiao Tang with all the costs needed for production.

b
"Hunger marketing" refers to the intentional reduction of output by commodity providers in order to achieve the purpose of regulating the relationship between supply and demand, creating "illusions" that demand exceeds supply, and maintaining the higher price and profitability of the product.Hungry marketing is more suitable for some higher unit prices and it is not easy to form a single Industry where products are purchased repeatedly.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are hungry marketing:
A.A manufacturer designed a new notebook computer, which is far from the brand's usual style.The manufacturer is not sure whether it can be accepted by the market.A limited number of 30,000 units were produced.
B.A car brand launches a new model, many people wait in line, and are even willing to increase the price.The manufacturer claims that the production of this car is limited, and it has been limited to a limited number of sales in order to expand the "hot selling" effect
C.A brand's classic white sneakers have been selling steadily.Recently, due to the "nostalgia" of the fashion industry, the sales of white sneakers have increased sharply, and demand has exceeded supply.
D.Recently, high-end liquors are out of sales.In order to ensure efficiency, a well-known brand liquor producer has taken the initiative to limit production and increase the selling price, and sales have not declined significantly.

c
Primary documents, also known as original documents, refer to original documents with certain inventions and new insights, which are created based on the author's own work experience, observations or actual research results.Secondary documents are processed and organized from primary documents Product, that is, a document form formed by documenting the external characteristics of a disordered primary document such as the title, author, source, etc., or extracting its content into a summary or abstract, and ordering it according to a certain discipline or specialty.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are secondary documents:
A.Xiao Liu's "Good Words and Good Sentences" Handbook
B.Xiao Li organizes the experimental records and writes the articles after processing the data
C.Catalogue and introduction of new economic books that Xiao Guo received from the publishing house
D.First aid manual purchased by Xiao Zhao

a
The sleeper effect refers to the phenomenon that the transmission effect of source credibility will change over time.That is to say, after a period of time after the transmission, the positive effect brought by the high credibility source is decreasing, while the low The negative effects brought by credibility sources have turned into positive effects.
According to the above definition, which of the following is a sleeper effect?
A.Celebrity advertising can only increase sales in the short term.
B.The name of a certain product can easily cause people to have a bad association.Despite its high quality, it has not been able to open the market.
C.Xiao Li liked a very satisfied product the night before, and the next morning she saw it but she didn't think so.
D.Li, who loves to watch martial arts novels, often had an impulse to fight when he was young.

d
Prevention cost refers to the cost paid to prevent the emergence of defective products or services.It includes planning and management systems, personnel training, quality control processes, and increased attention to the two stages of design and production to reduce the probability of defective products.Various costs, such costs generally occur before production.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not "prevention costs":
A.Expenses paid by a furniture company to collect product quality information and analyze data
B.Expenses paid by an automobile manufacturer for evaluation, trial production and quality review of new sports car designs
C.Expenses incurred by a mobile phone company to set up a "product upgrade award" in the company to improve the quality of mobile phones
D.A shopping website holds special promotions regularly, during which advertising costs for printing brochures or video materials

c
It has been known that if the w gene in the fruit fly works, the male fruit fly will not court the female fruit fly and instead pursue the same sex.Therefore, the homosexual behavior of the fruit fly is considered to be determined by genetic factors.Recently, researchers Male fruit flies with the w gene function were cultivated, and experiments were performed using this fruit fly.They found that the homosexual behavior of fruit flies was not only affected by genetic factors, but also played a significant role in promoting social factors.
Which of the following, if true, would best support researchers' findings?
A.If this male fruit fly emerges as an adult, as long as it is collectively raised for more than one day, the male fruit fly will start chasing other female fruit flies and show courtship behavior; but if this fruit fly emerges, it will only isolate itself.Rearing, this behavior does not occur
B.If this male fruit fly emerges in isolation and is reared in isolation, after several days, the fruit fly begins to show courtship behavior to other male fruit flies; if this male fruit fly emerges as an adult, it is collectively reared , This behavior does not occur
C.If this male fruit fly emerges as an adult, as long as it is collectively raised for more than one day, the male fruit fly will start chasing other male fruit flies, showing homosexual courtship behavior; but if this fruit fly emerges as a Such behaviors will not occur if they are kept in isolation.
D.If this male fruit fly emerges in isolation and is kept in isolation, a few days later, the fruit fly begins to show courtship to other female fruit flies; if this male fruit fly emerges as an adult, it is collectively reared , This behavior does not occur

a
Owner information will affect car premiums.For example, older, female, highly educated car owners, the premium is relatively low, young people under the age of 25 have higher premiums, and car owners have experienced higher insurance premiums; in addition, car prices, vehicle models, Vehicle age and even color can affect insurance costs.High-priced new cars are not necessarily more expensive than lower-priced old cars, because new cars, good cars have more anti-theft devices, and more safety devices; bright cars with specific colors are expensive, such as those who love to drive red sports cars He has a more open-minded personality and is less cautious when driving.
Based on the above, the most likely to be launched are:
A.High premium paid by 18-year-old male owner of a red sports car with a traffic accident
B.Women who drive luxury sports cars pay higher premiums than men who drive affordable cars
C.Older female owners with postgraduate qualifications and new car purchases pay lower premiums
D.A cautious car is mainly lower than the premium paid by a free-spirited car owner

d
In the mountains of a country in Asia, newborns born in February and March are generally not as good as those born in other months.After investigation, staff at the local medical office believe that the main reason for this phenomenon is the lack of food in winter and pregnant women.Inadequate nutritional supplementation results in a weak newborn.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above findings?
A.The few rich families in the mountain area that can provide sufficient nutrition for pregnant women still give birth to weak babies in winter
B.The period that determines the constitution of the newborn is the nutritional status of the first half of the birth, not the nutritional status of the month
C.Pregnant women in this mountain area generally suffer from a winter-onset disease, which can reduce their physical fitness and affect the health of their babies
D.A few trace foods are generally lacking in the few winter foods in the mountain area, which is exactly needed by newborns

c
Research shows that black and gray cars are the favorite of thieves, bright cars are rarely asked, and white cars have the lowest theft rate.Psychologists analyze that car thieves often have a "dark personality" and choose the opposite color of their personality Car reselling makes them feel unreliable.Compared to new or luxury cars, car thieves prefer Volkswagen models with about three years of age, which are value-preserving and change hands.
Based on the above, the most likely to be launched are:
A.Three-year-old red Volkswagen models are most vulnerable to theft
B.Dark cars are the best sellers in the used car market
C.Brand new white luxury cars are not easily stolen
D.The best-selling models are also the most vulnerable

d
Hydraulic fracturing is a widely used oil and gas well production stimulation measure.This method uses a surface high-pressure pump to squeeze a high-viscosity fracturing fluid into the oil layer through the wellbore, which expands the oil and creates fractures, so that the oil layer and the A new fluid channel is established between the wellbores.After fracturing, the production of oil and gas wells will generally increase significantly, but this technology will cause great damage to the environment.
Which of the following arguments can be added to reach the above conclusion?
A.When the rate of injection of fracturing fluid exceeds the absorption capacity of the oil layer, the bottom oil layer will form a high pressure
B.In order to ensure that the crack that has been opened does not close, it is necessary to inject replacement fluid into the crack and support it.
C.The development of oil and gas fields will affect the lives of nearby residents, and the pipes for residential water need to bypass the location of the wellbore
D.Injecting high-intensity fracturing fluid below the surface may activate dormant geological faults and trigger earthquakes

c
Happiness is very personal and very subjective.It is related to material and environment, but more importantly depends on one's mentality.The happiness of others may not be their own happiness; their happiness may not be the happiness of others.Telling your happiness to others may not bring happiness to others; others telling happiness to themselves may not bring happiness to themselves.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.The happiness of others may bring happiness
B.Your own happiness may be the happiness of others
C.The happiness of others may not be their own
D.Your own happiness may bring happiness to others

d
In one study, researchers tracked medical data from 190,000 people born in the country between 1974 and 1994, who had undergone an intelligence test between 2006 and 2012.When doing an intelligence test, approximately Respondents were hospitalized due to infection.Researchers found that those who were hospitalized due to infection had an average IQ score of 1.76 points lower than those of the general population, and those who had been hospitalized 5 or more times due to infection had an average IQ score of 9.44 points lower than the average Researchers have pointed out that human infections can cause individual IQs to decline.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.Infection of tissues around the brain can affect brain intelligence
B.Evidence suggests that infection affects cognitive ability in patients with dementia
C.IQ is a method of evaluating mental capacity, and there are measurement errors
D.Illness makes the patient nervous and not paying attention during the test

d
Opportunity cost refers to the benefits that people give up for other uses when they fix a resource to a certain use.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not included in opportunity cost ().
A.Wang has bought 60,000 yuan of national bonds.If he buys corporate bonds, he can earn 6,000 yuan a year.
B.Lee converted his own idle house into a store, and lost 50,000 yuan in rent income in one year
C.Zhang has a salary of 30,000 yuan, and then resigned to grow flowers for sale at home
D.Zhao inspected whether a project can be invested, spent 40,000 yuan, and then abandoned the investment

b
Unscheduled work system refers to a system of working hours adopted by employees of enterprises that cannot be measured according to standard working hours or require manual work due to production characteristics, work characteristics, or the scope of their responsibilities.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are irregular working hours ().
A.Wang teaches in a key middle school in a city and often corrects his homework overtime
B.Li is a reporter for a newspaper and often reports on-site news
C.Zhang as a brand promoter in a large supermarket
D.Zhao is receiving work in the logistics department of a city government

a
The crime of embezzlement refers to the act of taking possession of property or other forgotten things that are kept by others for the purpose of illegal possession, burying the property in a large amount, and refusing to return it.
Based on the above definition, which of the following acts is a typical crime of embezzlement? ()
A.Liu's friend Zhang came to his house as a guest.After drinking, Zhang forgot a handbag with RMB 12,000 in Liu's home.When he returned to find Liu said that he had not seen the bag.
B.An enterprise accountant took advantage of the convenience of handling company finances to lend a company's 20,000 yuan to a friend, but the friend did not return it because of bad business
C.A middle-aged man was struggling at hand, and when he went to his neighbor's house one evening, he took away a necklace worth 5,000 yuan.
D.Wang borrowed 10,000 yuan from his friend Liu a few years ago and has forgotten to return it for many years

b
Returning to education is a theory that believes that a person's life should be a continuous and alternating process of learning and work, a process that is mutually combined, and adults who receive compulsory education or basic education or even after higher education should return to school to study when needed.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following belong to return education ().
A.Nine-year compulsory education
B.A technician from a factory recharges English at the staff night school held by the unit
C.Kindergarten preschool education
D.Secondary vocational school students participate in a one-year internship after two years of full-time study

d
Absolute public goods are those that do not exclude and affect the use of others when used by some people, and cannot distinguish users from non-users and charge users for fees.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are absolutely public goods ().
A.Public toilets
B.Bus
C.Cable TV
D.Air

b
The Pygmalion effect means that when someone gains the trust and expectations of others, they will have a positive motivation to work harder to achieve the expectations of others.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are Pygmalion effects ().
A.Wang Dong wanted to become the Olympic champion, and finally achieved his dream with the coach's rigorous training and his own efforts
B.Xiaoming closed himself because of stuttering as a child, but with the encouragement and help of his parents, he grew up to become an excellent speaker
C.Zhou, a student who lost the college entrance examination, was discriminated against by people around him and gave up
D.Police Liu Liu, with the lofty ideal of serving the people, strives to meet the various requirements of the masses at work

c
Home medical devices refer to instruments, equipment or appliances used in the home that act on the human body or in the body to prevent, diagnose, monitor and relieve health.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not () for home medical devices.
A.Thermometer
B.Foot bath with massage effect
C.Infusion stand for hanging liquid
D.Household oxygen bag

d
Essential legal behavior refers to behavior that must be established in the form required by law.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not legal requirements ().
A.A and B agree to divorce
B.Pharaoh goes to the mobile business hall for broadband services
C.An insurance company donates a life insurance contract to Lao Li
D.Xiao Wang borrows 1,000 yuan from a colleague

c
Mandatory social control refers to the process by which social management systems use mandatory means to establish and maintain social order.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not compulsory social controls ().
A.A factory penalizes Zhao for disciplinary violations according to factory regulations
B.The court sentenced the suspect Li to three years in prison
C.The government strongly advocates learning from Sun Yiwu
D.The school gave a warning to Zhang, a student who cheated on the exam.

b
The law of diminishing marginal utility refers to the phenomenon that consumers gradually reduce the evaluation of goods as the number of consumption increases during the continuous consumption of a certain product.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are in line with the law of diminishing marginal utility ().
A.Wang has bought 3 houses in succession, and the prices of the last two houses have gradually dropped.
B.Zhang ate 12 buns in a row, and when he ate the 13th bun, not only did he not feel hungry, but he felt sick.
C.A company issued a new batch of corporate bonds, causing the market yield of all bonds of the enterprise to decline
D.Microwave ovens were expensive kitchen equipment in the 1990s, but now they are cheap and popular

b
Recent food monitoring shows that potato chips contain a large amount of aluminum.Long-term consumption will cause neurological disease, which is manifested by memory loss and failure of coordination of visual and motor systems.
From this you can infer ().
A.Eating fewer potato chips can prevent neurological disease
B.Accumulation of aluminum in the human body can cause neurological disease
C.Memory loss indicates a nervous system disorder
D.Failure of coordination of the visual and motor systems indicates pathological changes in the nervous system

c
In the context of informatization, the opportunities and risks of developing countries and developed countries in economic globalization are relatively equal.Therefore, the economic development gap between developed and developing countries is showing a decreasing trend.
Which of the following is true and can raise the most serious questions about the above conclusions? ()
A.On the one hand, economic globalization has promoted rapid economic growth in various countries, but on the other hand, it contains unprecedented risks.
B.Even for a developed country like the United States, globalization has adversely affected it: excessive immigration, cheap goods, transnational crime, etc.
C.According to the report of the United Nations, from 1990 to 2000, the per capita annual income ratio of the top 15 and bottom 15 countries in the world according to their level of development expanded from 60: 1 to 74: 1
D.Economic globalization has created countless employment opportunities for the world and created new development opportunities for millions of people

b
There have been media reports that a university "formally dismissed" 54 professors and associate professors, and rejoiced in this so-called professor "off class" event, citing the fact that China's essentially "tenured professor" system is similar to the big pot, Leading to a large number of redundant staff in universities ".Secondly, it makes professors not enterprising and inhibit competition and innovation.
Which of the following is true and can effectively challenge the above measures? ()
A.Dismissal of professors creates a sense of insecurity among university teachers, increasing worries about teachers' work
B.The professor should be the host of the university.
C.Unscientific dismissal conditions set by university executive leadership will discourage active professors from working
D.Dismissing a professor does not solve some of the problems existing in the university and does not achieve the expected results

d
Economic growth rates were high in West Germany in the 1950s, Japan in the 1960s, Singapore and Taiwan in the 1970s, and Thailand, Indonesia, and Malaysia in the 1980s.However, there was no inflation in these countries and regions..
The point that the above facts can support is ().
A.Countries with high economic growth rates will not experience inflation (too much!)
B.Countries without inflation generally have higher economic growth rates
C.Inflation can cause damage to the economy to a certain extent
D.Countries with high economic growth rates do not necessarily experience simultaneous inflation

c
A country's plan to control the entry of illicit drugs failed in 2008.Although demand for illicit drugs is declining, if this plan does not fail, the wholesale price of most illicit drugs will not drop sharply in 2008.
Which assumption does the above conclusion depend on? ()
A.The supply of illicit drugs dropped significantly in 2008
B.The country's domestic illicit drug production has increased more than the illicit drugs entering the country illegally
C.Falling demand for illicit drugs in 2008 is not the only reason for its wholesale price decline
D.Wholesale prices of a few illicit drugs rose sharply in 2008

a
According to statistics, the conviction rate for robbery is higher than the conviction rate for corruption.The important reason is that the defendant in the corruption case can hire the most expensive lawyer, and the defendant in the robbery case is mainly defended by a lawyer appointed by the court.
Which of the following is true and best supports the narrative?
A.The proportion of defendants accused of robbery in fact committing a crime is not higher than the corresponding proportion of defendants accused of corruption.
B.The lawyer employed by the defendant, like the lawyer appointed by the court, is both loyal to the law and strives to safeguard the client's legitimate rights and interests
C.Judicial corruption leads to the asylum of powerful criminals, and the constitutive element of official crimes such as corruption is that the parties have the power to not bypass prerequisites and conclusions
D.Defendants accused of robbery far more than accused of corruption

d
The chairman of Beijing Dongfang Aig Agricultural Consulting Co., Ltd.said that the swine flu epidemic may lead to a decline in demand for poultry and livestock, and the demand for feed and grains such as corn and soybean meal may also decline.The sluggish aquaculture market has brought a greater impact.This shock has increased the market's psychological expectations for the decline in food consumption, and the outlook for soybean meal prices may weaken further."
From this you can infer ().
A.The aquaculture industry can recover when the swine flu epidemic is eliminated
B.If swine flu epidemic is eliminated, the farming industry can recover
C.Decline in cereal demand indicates a decline in demand for livestock
D.The impact of the swine flu epidemic will spread from the farming industry to the food market

b
The mayor has often been charged with sexist attitudes towards women during his three years in office.However, he has hired five women in 19 senior positions in his management, and all of them are still serving.Shows that the mayor is not a sexist.
Which of the following is true and can best refute the conclusions reached above? ()
A.A senior woman appointed by the mayor is preparing to resign
B.The political platform of the mayor's party requires him to appoint at least five women in senior positions
C.In the mayoral election three years ago, 47% of women voted for the mayor
D.Mayors of neighboring cities recently appointed seven women in senior positions

d
According to experts from the China Connection Mental Health Research Center: "Watching lengthy Korean dramas includes some domestic emotional dramas.Audiences usually do not need to use their brains to think.They move forward at a slow pace, and the way people think will follow the storyline of TV dramas.Develop the habit of not using your brain when it comes to things."
From this you can infer ().
A.TV show length should be limited
B.Watching fast-paced film and television shows stimulates brain activity
C.The rhythm of Korean dramas is very slow
D.Watching TV shows has a great impact on the way people think

d
Among the 1,425 e-book websites in China, original websites account for only 4.49%.Serious piracy problems have caused the domestic e-book market to be slow to enter the rapid development stage, and its sales revenue is far from being comparable to the traditional paper book market.
From this you can infer ().
A.By solving the problem of piracy, the domestic e-book market can develop rapidly
B.The original website also has piracy issues
C.The number of e-book sites must be reduced to promote the development of the e-book market
D.The domestic e-book market is far from mature

a
Americans today are 32% less active than Americans in 1965 and are expected to reduce 46% by 2030; in China, people are losing 45% of their activity compared to 1991 and are expected to reduce 51% by 2030.Has become a global issue.
Which of the following, if true, best supports this view?
A.People's physical activity in other countries is about the same as China and the United States.
B.The way people stay healthy is becoming more diverse
C.China and the U.S.are both countries with serious problems of lack of exercise
D.In terms of exercise volume, China and the United States are the most representative countries in Asia and the Americas, respectively

b
"One force, one world is invincible" means unity.Unity unites cohesion, productivity, combat effectiveness, unity can overcome difficulties and dangers, and create miracles on earth.Members of an organization can only unite.This organization can operate efficiently; If the members of the organization can unite, they will certainly produce an overall benefit that exceeds the sum of the various entities.
From this we can infer:
A.Only through unity can we overcome all kinds of difficulties and obstacles
B.An efficient organization must be united among its members
C.If members of an organization are not united, they will consume each other and affect the overall effectiveness
D.Only if an organization operates efficiently can it generate overall benefits beyond the sum of its individual

b
Positive reinforcement, also known as positive reinforcement, is the use of encouragement to affirm a certain behavior, make the individual feel beneficial, and thus willing to maintain their positive behavior.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are positive reinforcements:
A.A found that no one laughed at his spoken pronunciation in the English corner, and he often went to the English corner in the future.
B.B's speech in class was publicly praised by the teacher, and his number of speeches increased significantly later
C.C's office was stolen, and he has to check the doors and windows every time he leaves the office
D.Ding once met the leader when he was late for work, he would never dare to be late again

b
Post-traumatic stress response refers to dysregulate sequelae of psychological conditions after encountering or confronting major stress, but this phenomenon is a reasonable result after trauma, rather than the patient's mental state.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not post-traumatic stress responses:
A.Xiao Wang often suffers from insomnia after becoming unsuccessful in successive interviews, becomes irritable, over-alert, amnesia and frightened
B.A veteran of World War II has a desolate night scene, his wife is scattered, and he was recently diagnosed with a serious life-threatening illness
C.After Xiao Wu escaped from the earthquake, he was nervous when he heard the floor squeak, and was worried that he might fall and hit himself.
D.In the Middle East, war-torn people are scared to hide when they talk about bombers flying around

a
Statutory interest refers to which of the following is born from the original according to a certain legal relationship.It is the legal income that the owner of the original should obtain from specific civil legal activities such as leasing and investment.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are statutory information:
A.Dividends received by families investing in government bonds
B.Fruit from an orchard contracted by a farmer
C.Purebred dog breeds in pet stores
D.The money that A lent to B, B won 100,000 yuan in the lottery purchase

d
Empathy refers to being able to experience the situation of others in a personal way, and to have the feeling or understanding of others' emotions.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are empathic:
A.Don't do anything to others
B.Worry and worry before the world, joy and happiness after the world
C.The paper must come to an end, and you never know what to do
D.Old and old and young, young and young

b
Ecological process refers to applying the laws of nature to social material production, simulating the biosphere material movement process, designing waste-free production, and realizing the full and reasonable use of resources in the form of a closed-loop cycle to keep the production process ecologically clean.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following production modes that conform to ecological processes are:
A.Substance-product-consumption-residue
B.Raw materials-products-residues-processing-products
C.Natural Environment-Real Estate Development-Tourism Economy-Consumption
D.Raw materials-production-residue-waste-recycling

b
Information system outsourcing refers to the development of information systems with the help of external forces, and the construction of information systems, that is, based on the specified service level, the company entrusts all or part of the information system operations that support production and operation to a professional company by contract The act of stably managing and providing the information technology services that the enterprise needs within a certain period of time.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as information system outsourcing:
A.An information technology service company cooperates with an airline to develop an online booking system for it
B.An information system operator continuously improves the application software system in order to provide better services to customers
C.An information technology service provider provides a smart office platform for an enterprise and is responsible for maintaining and improving it
D.A software company has developed a set of financial management system software for an enterprise, and improved the work efficiency of the enterprise

c
Feedforward control refers to observing the situation, organizing information, grasping the rules, predicting the trend, correctly predicting possible problems in the future, and taking measures in advance to eliminate possible deviations in the bud state.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are feedforward control:
A.Stock investors predict the possible risks of stock investment this year based on the stock market prices of previous years
B.An enterprise formulates a corporate strategy based on the size, core competitiveness and development plan of the enterprise
C.An e-commerce network has developed multiple solutions to respond to possible market changes
D.A factory adjusts its production model due to rising prices of raw materials and fuels

a
Network neutrality means that, to the extent permitted by law, all Internet users can access network content, operate applications, access devices, and select service providers according to their choices.This principle requires network operators to treat all Internet content and access equally.To prevent it from controlling the priority of data transmission in the interests of commerce, and to ensure the "neutrality" of network data transmission.
According to the above definition, which of the following violates the principle of net neutrality?
A.A mailbox has a contract with a network operator, so it is faster to use the mailbox when the network is congested
B.A network operator uses technical means to block websites with fraudulent nature
C.Some pictures of a website are only accessible to registered users
D.A network operator collects broadband usage fees from subscribers

c
Data mining (Datamining) refers to the use of statistics, information retrieval, pattern recognition, online analysis and processing, and expert systems (depending on past experience) and other methods or technologies from a large amount of stored data to find the hidden ones, which are unknown but not known Information processing that is potentially useful information and knowledge.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of data mining applications:
A.A global retail company withdrew from the "diaper + beer" promotion after analysing consumer shopping behavior in the previous year, resulting in a significant increase in sales of both
B.An international express and logistics company uses RFID (radio frequency identification) technology to monitor and adjust the temperature of drug shipments across borders at different points in time.
C.When a large online bookstore purchases a book, a customer launches columns such as "Purchasers of this product also bought", thereby increasing objective income
D.A university requires teachers to use an online teaching management system to enter students' final teacher grades in order to inform students of their grades via SMS group software

b
Psychological accounting refers to the process by which people unconsciously classify wealth into different accounts for management, and encode, classify and value the results (especially economic results), and different mental accounts have different bookkeeping methods and psychology.Operational rules.From small individuals to families to large enterprise groups, there are a set of implicit or explicit psychological account systems.The method of psychological bookkeeping is different from that of economics and mathematics, so it is often unexpected.Affects decision making, making individual decisions contrary to the simplest rational economic laws.
According to the above definition, which of the following options best reflects the psychological accounting phenomenon?
A.Xiao Chen has enough money to buy the camera, but he must receive the bonus at the end of the year before buying the camera
B.Worried Xiao Li spends three-quarters of her entire deposit for life insurance
C.Xiao Wang has a savings card at two different banks, but he always goes to a bank closer to home to withdraw money
D.Xiao Liu feels good because of the company rewards for traveling to a certain place, but later he feels bad from Fei Chong

d
China ’s Marriage Law stipulates that it is forbidden to marry an immediate blood relative with a blood relative within three generations.A direct blood relative refers to a relative who has a direct blood relationship with himself.All blood relatives except blood relatives.
According to the above definition, A and B of the following options can be married:
A.Zhang is the uncle of A (female), and the son of Zhang
B.Li is the uncle of B (female), the son of Li
C.A is the son of Lin and his ex-husband, B is the daughter of Lin and his future husband
D.Wang is Zhang's uncle, A is the son of Wang, and B is the daughter of Zhang

c
A national study found that as long as people drink a 500 ml glass of water half an hour before each meal and persist for 3 months, they can lose 2 to 4 kg of weight.The research team invited 84 overweight adults to be randomly divided into 2 rents.Among them, 41 were required to drink 500 ml of water before meals, and another 43 lived as usual.After 3 months, the team found that people who drank water before meals had an average weight loss of 4.3 kg: while those who did not drink water before meals People, the average weight only dropped by 0.81 kg, the researchers said.The group of people who did not drink water had a "average amount of exercise" higher than those who drank before meals, which means that drinking proper water before meals can really lose weight.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.The group who drink water before meals also pays attention to diet control
B.Some people who did not drink water before meals lost 4 kg
C.Except for drinking water before meals, the other two groups are the same
D.People who do not drink water before meals will drink more soup and drinks during meals

a
In order to study the relationship between "light fasting" and human health, an institution recruited a group of volunteers for experiments.The volunteers were divided into two groups and the test period was 6 months.Fasting was continued for 5 days in the middle of the month.On the first day, the caloric intake was reduced to half of the recommended amount.After that, the daily intake was only one-third of the recommended amount for the 4th day.Both had a normal diet.The test results showed that the physical conditions of the first group of volunteers were significantly improved.From this, the researchers concluded that "light fasting" caused more ketone bodies, oxidative stress and inflammation marker levels in the volunteers.Both have declined.
Which of the following, if true, would weaken the researchers' conclusions most?
A.The physical function and stress response of the recruited volunteers are different.
B.The body inflammation of a volunteer who has undergone continuous fasting has been greatly alleviated
C.Physical examinations of volunteers before the start of the trial showed that the relevant health indicators were basically similar
D.A certain group of volunteers' health level declined after the trial

d
Under normal circumstances, the human left anterior temporal lobe and orbitofrontal cortex inhibit the neural activity of the visual system located in the back of the brain responsible for processing eye signals.In FTD (frontotemporal dementia) patients, these two regions may It is impossible to send a suppressive signal, so the brain can behave with some pathological abnormalities, but it also releases the patient's artistic sensitivity or other creativity.It can be said that FTD is a window to the temple of art.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the artistic conclusion
A.Less than 1% of FTD patients can become outstanding artists during their illness
B.None of the 100 greatest artists of the 20th century
C.Meditation or hard work can make the right brain more creative and develop potential artistic talents
D.The art acquired after FTD patients can only be the result of family inheritance

b
which is the bottom line: The bottom line is the minimum condition or limit that must be adhered to.Everything in the world has a bottom line.Crossing the bottom line means qualitative change; if you do not pay attention to the bottom line, you are pushing yourself to the Jedi.
According to the above definition, which of the following situations is "crossed the line"? ()
A.A steel plant purchased ore and began to prepare for the southern plant, and later purchased the northern plant.
B.Police officer Xiao Liu caught the suspect during the handling of the case.The criminal suspect gave him 10,000 yuan, and Xiao Liu released the suspect.
C.Li Hong and her husband are in conflict, go to court to apply for divorce
D.Wang, a lawyer from Hongda Law Firm, lost the key evidence of a major case, which resulted in the acquittal of the suspect in this case, which caused a great social impact

c
"8 Dumb English" means only focusing on explaining grammar and neglecting the cultivation of students' practical language skills.In the past, we have trained a large number of students who can only use "dumb English" because they cannot speak, do not practice, and learn quickly.Forget it fast and fail to achieve the true purpose of the original study.
According to the above definition, which of the following measures is weaker to promote the solution of "dumb English" ?:
A.Xi'an International Studies University changes the old model of teachers' active speaking and students' passive listening, and improves students' English listening and speaking skills with wonderful activities.
B.A spokesperson for the Ministry of Education revealed that from the first half of the year, a ten-year introduction plan for 10,000 English foreign teachers to teach in various foreign language schools in China will be officially launched.
C.A foreign language school holds a seminar to explore the relationship between teachers' professional ethics and foreign language education
D.The Education Bureau of a certain place stipulates that during the nine-year compulsory education period, students at school must receive at least half a year of oral communication training.

c
Drug resistance refers to the susceptibility of a pathogen to a drug after repeated contact with the drug, which reduces or even disappears, resulting in a decrease or ineffectiveness of the drug.It is often used to refer to people.The large body of society, like humans, also produces large and small If the disease is not treated in a timely manner at the time of the first offense, and it is completely cured, drug resistance will also occur, causing some diseases to become persistent diseases.
Which of the following best fits the definition of "resistance"?
A.Hunan University found a sudden discomfort in the morning, and his family was rushed to the hospital for treatment, but nothing improved after taking any medicine.In the end, he had to go home and rest.
B.Pharaoh drank the cold medicine for three consecutive days after having a cold, but he did not get better.As a result, he only had one shot in the hospital.
C.Laws and regulations on illegal sewage are being formulated and promulgated almost every year, but some enterprises have illegally discharged sewage, and the incidents of excessive sewage discharge are still common and repeated bans.
D.Health-care slimming tea produced by a health-care product factory, which has been tested by the quality inspection department for carcinogens, shall be discontinued and closed in accordance with the law

c
Foreign exchange refers to a variety of payment certificates expressed in foreign currencies for international settlement.It includes foreign currencies (banknotes, mints), foreign currency securities (government bonds, treasury bonds, corporate bonds, stocks, coupons, etc.), foreign currencies Payment vouchers (bills, bank deposit vouchers, postal savings vouchers, etc.) and other vouchers that can be cashed abroad.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not in the foreign exchange category in France?
A.Water conservancy construction bonds issued by the Spanish government
B.Bank of England deposit certificate
C.Cash deposit certificate after 10 million Russian rubles exchanged for euro
D.Cash deposit certificate after the exchange of 1 billion euros into US dollars

c
Personnel administration training refers to the process of educating government civil servants to acquire and improve specific knowledge and skills required for administrative work through relevant training institutions, with personnel with practical administrative experience and administrative scientific theoretical knowledge.
Which of the following does not belong to personnel administration training?
A.In order to improve the governing ability of cadres to build a harmonious society, the provincial party committee organized leading cadres at and above the county level to study at the Central Party School
B.A county has stepped up investment promotion efforts in recent years, because the work requires sending relevant personnel to study foreign languages at Xi'an Foreign Studies University as planned
C.An organization organizes staff to study Tai Chi in their spare time
D.A county will conduct a comprehensive one-month comprehensive ability training for newly recruited civil servants in 2007 before taking office.

d
National common language refers to the language commonly used by people of the same ethnic group to exchange thoughts, feelings, and contacts in production and life.
Which of the following languages does not belong to the common national language?
A.Tibetan
B.Korean
C.English
D.Esperanto

b
Bidding is a bidding method in which the bidder does not go through the general transaction negotiation process before buying or selling bulk commodities, contracting out a construction project, or cooperating in a certain business.
Which of the following transaction methods is a tender?
A.Boss Zhang plans to sell suburban villas and declares that they can be negotiated on the basis of not less than 2 million yuan
B.Zhang intends to bid for the construction project of the villa complex in the city and issue a notice to the units with corresponding construction qualifications inside and outside the province
C.A confidential manager of Boss Zhang's company is missing for some reason, he decided to offer a reward of 100,000 yuan to find the insider
D.Boss Zhang wants to throw 60% of his company's stock for 150,000 yuan

a
Administrative organs are state organs established in accordance with the Constitution or the Law on Administrative Organizations to exercise the functions of state administration.Their main features are: the exercise of state administrative powers; management of state administrative affairs; administrative organs exercise leadership in the organizational relations-subordinate system: The executive authorities implement a system of accountability for heads in the decision-making system; executive functions are usually proactive, frequent and uninterrupted.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is administrative agencies?
A.People's Government of Shaanxi Province
B.People's Congress of Shaanxi Province
D.Shaanxi Higher People's Court
D, Shaanxi Women's Federation

a
The so-called synesthesia is a wonderful mixture of various organ functions, and communication between several sensory regions usually irrelevant in the brain.
According to the above definition, which of the following is situations that belong to synesthesia?
A.Wang Li turned on the FM radio.As soon as the host spoke, he felt that his left thigh, shoulders, and even his left ear were uncomfortable.He had to turn off the radio.
B.Soldier Liu Chengwu feels sweet to eat watermelon, eat a few more, and diarrhoea
C.When a singer heard that a new song was looking for someone to sing, he entrusted the record company to discuss the price with the producer of the new song.
D.Huang Dawei, a deaf teenager, communicates with his family, each time by writing, which is slow.

b
Zhang San asked Li Si: "Don't you admit that you took the money?
which is the implicit premise of this sentence?
A.Li Si never took that money
B.That money was taken by Li Si
C.Li Si should admit that he took the money
D.That money was not taken by Li Si

c
A.B, C, and D are taller than theirs.A says, "I'm the highest." B says, "I'm not the shortest." C says, "I'm not taller, but there are people shorter than me." D "I may be the shortest." The results of actual measurements showed that only one person was wrong.
which is the ranking of these four people from high to low?
A.A.B, C, D
B.B, C, A.D
C.B, A.C, D
D.A.B, D, C

a
The Civil Servant Law of the People's Republic of China stipulates: "For the assessment of civil servants, in accordance with management authority, a comprehensive assessment of the civil servants' ethics, ability, diligence, performance, integrity, and key performance evaluations will be conducted."
From this?
A.As a civil servant, the most important thing is work performance, but other aspects must not be ignored.
B.As long as the work performance is outstanding, the others are not important
C.As a civil servant, morality is the most important
D.Virtue, ability, diligence, performance, and integrity of civil servants are equally important

d
In our country, the Mid-Autumn Festival is one of the five major traditional folk festivals in China, and its core cultural connotation is: "Wish the society harmonious progress and family reunion happiness".But unfortunately, the commercialization has now transformed the Mid-Autumn Festival into a "Moon Cake Festival" As moon cakes get bigger and bigger, they have less and less cultural significance.
Which of the following is the point most likely supported by this passage?
A.Traditional culture cannot be used as an economic resource
B.To explore and innovate the traditional cultural connotation and promote excellent national culture
C.To fully tap the huge business opportunities inherent in traditional festivals
D.Commercial activities should be based on the inheritance of national culture

b
In 992, the average population density of the Three Gorges Reservoir area was 282 people / km2, which was higher than that of the country (122 people / km2) and Sichuan (192 people / km2).The mountainous area of the reservoir area accounted for more than 90% of the total area and the altitude was 400 meters The population density of the following areas is 500-600 people per square kilometer.In addition, most of the cultivated land in the reservoir area is dry land.The cultivated land with a slope of 15 to 25 degrees accounts for 46.5% of the dry land, and the cultivated land with a slope greater than 25 degrees accounts for 25% of the dry land.
Can you draw from this text?
A.The cultivated land with a slope below 15 degrees in the Three Gorges reservoir area accounts for 35% of the dry land
B.The average population density in Sichuan is also higher than the national average
C.Most people in the Three Gorges Reservoir area live above 400 meters above sea level
D.The average population density in Shaanxi ranks first in the country

b
China's auto manufacturers are developing smart cars.The direct reason is that gasoline prices are rising.Consumers' awareness of energy saving is constantly increasing, and the development of energy-saving cars requires a large amount of investment.China FAW Group will invest in energy-saving cars by 2015.Invest 13 billion yuan in development costs for self-owned brand cars.Shanghai Automobile Group also plans to invest 21.4 billion yuan in 2012 for the development of energy-saving technologies for new vehicles and the development and competition of energy-saving vehicles, which is expected to accelerate the adjustment of the Chinese automobile industry.To improve the chaotic situation of large and small enterprises.
Which of the following is most likely the reason why Chinese automakers invest in energy-efficient cars?
A.Energy-saving cars are not yet widespread in China
B.Huge market prospects for energy-efficient cars
C.Development of energy-efficient vehicles requires a huge investment
D.Energy-saving cars are the development trend of the automotive industry

a
Many people of insight often point out that the vigorous development of a country, nation, and culture requires not only high-level material development, but also the support of progressive belief.The existence of humans should always exceed the limits of ordinary animals and have more Wisdom, belief, willpower, and other spiritual things.
Can it be launched from this?
A.For a country, nation and one person, spirit and belief are essential
B.Spirit is more important than material
C.Spirit is wisdom, faith and willpower
D.Material and spiritual are two aspects of a problem

a
When potassium carbonate is dissolved in water, it forms an alkaline substance, which makes the nitrogen-containing gas escape into the air and is lost, and the plant ash contains potassium carbonate.Human urine is a nitrogen fertilizer.
So human urine is mixed with plant ash?
A.Will reduce fertilizer effect
B.Increase the effectiveness of fertilizers
C.is wise
D.is impossible

c
The most sophisticated scammer may deceive all people at one moment, or some people at all times, but it is absolutely impossible to deceive all people at all times.
According to the above statement, which of the following is incorrect?
A.A person may be deceived at some time
B.Liars can also be deceived
C.A person may not be deceived at any moment
D.There is no moment where everyone is deceived

d
Education experts in a certain city suggest that education resources can be allocated by averaging teachers according to age, professor subject and title level, so that education equity can be achieved and social problems caused by attending key middle schools can be solved.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above expert opinion?
A.Many teachers from former key middle schools expressed support for this.
B.Ordinary high schools have asked for increased funding to strengthen school hardware construction
C.Some key middle school teachers require teaching in secondary schools outside the city
D.Most students and parents object

c
According to China's `` Contract Law '', an offer is an expression of intent to enter into a contract with another person.The offer must indicate that it has accepted the offeror's commitment, and the offeror is bound by that expression.
According to the definition above, which of the following is an offer?
A said to B: "I plan to sell my mobile phone.The price is about 1,000 yuan."
Timetable of departure trains from Xi'an Railway Station
A newspaper call for papers: "Whoever chooses our newspaper pays 200 yuan / thousands to pay the manuscript favorably."
A training institution advertised: "Senior leadership class 2,000 yuan / person, on-the-go learning."

a
China's "Criminal Law" stipulates that in criminal activities, the automatic abandonment of a crime or the automatic and effective prevention of the outcome of a crime is the suspension of the crime.
According to the above definition, which of the following acts are criminal suspensions?
A sneaks into B's house and kills B while B is asleep.After opening the gas valve for a while, he regrets it again, then closes the gas valve and calls 120 to rescue B, and then B escapes
A sneaks into B's house and steals.He suddenly hears the door next door and mistakenly finds that he ran away.
A goes to B's house to give a bribe, but when he arrives at B's house, he finds that B is not there, so he brings back the 50,000 yuan for the bribe and prepares for another day
A robbed B on the street, and was found by the passing people, stopped and transferred to public security organs.

a
Generally speaking, the meaning of farming refers to the mechanical operation of soil in order to improve crop growth conditions before planting or during growth.The purpose of farming is threefold: (1) improving soil structure; (2) turning crop residues Stubble and organic fertilizer are buried and incorporated into the soil: (3) weeds and other unwanted plants are removed
According to the above definition, which of the following options is farming?
Broken topsoil after snowing
Dig a drainage ditch beside the wheat field
Growing green manure crops in farmland
Spray pesticides to kill pests

b
The application of law refers to the special activities of the national judicial organs in accordance with statutory powers and statutory procedures to specifically apply the law to handle cases,
According to the above definitions, is the following act applicable to the law?
Customs officer investigates Zhang as suspected of smuggling
The inspection authority investigated Wang's bribery behavior according to the mass reports
Li signed a house sales contract with a sales department in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations
Working conference held by the Director of Public Security and improving the quality of police handling cases

c
Intellectual property rights refer to the rights that people enjoy in the wealth created by intellectual labor in the fields of science, technology, culture, education, art and other fields.
According to the above definition, are the following options not just property rights?
A.Trademark rights
B.Right to invention
C.Right to portrait
D.Copyright

c
The so-called synesthesia refers to a psychological phenomenon in which one feeling causes another feeling to be strengthened by the simultaneous action of another feeling.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not synesthesia among the following options?
Someone gets excited when they see red
In the hot sun, Xiao Liu will feel more comfortable wearing sunglasses
Xiao Zhang remembered last night's nightmare and still felt fear
Dark clothing looks more convergent than light clothing

b
The mood is a faint calm that lasts longer and has a diffuse emotional state.
According to the definition above, which of the following options is not a state of mind?
The enthusiasm of Xiao Wang in love is obviously high
Xiao Zhang, who was driving, screamed in anxiety because the vehicle in front suddenly turned around in violation of the rules
Xiao Li, who has just gone abroad to study, has been sullen recently and has become taciturn.
Because of her reluctance to go to kindergarten, Lily has not been eating well recently

d
Pollution refers to the social harm caused to the natural environment and living environment by various pollution sources or other artificial causes;
According to the above definition, which of the following options is not a nuisance?
Wastewater from a chemical plant causes nearby farmland pollution
Someone's puppy barks at night, preventing neighbors from resting
A group of people often poachs, resulting in fewer animals in the surrounding forests
Husband and wife quarreled with each other, and the wife was injured and hospitalized

a
Aging refers to a continuous and irreversible process that begins or accelerates the body after sexual maturity;
According to the definition above, which of the following options is aging?
Elderly people's height has dropped, their spine is bent, their skin is loose, and their hair must fall off
After a cadre retires, he sleeps badly, is emotionally upset, and is unwilling to associate with others
A young man was originally lively and enthusiastic, but was unhappy because of his heavy schooling
A worker's hearing loss due to working in a noisy environment for a long time

a
The internal stabilizer is also called "automatic stabilizer", which refers to the automatic stabilization factors in the fiscal system.When the economy is in a recession or overheating, it does not need to change the economic policy of the government, it can automatically play a role in controlling the recession or suppressing overheating of the economy:
According to the definition above, which of the following is the role of the intrinsic stabilizer in the following options?
Due to the progressive tax system on the tax system, taxation tends to rise when the economy is overheated, and tends to decline when the economy is depressed, thus playing a role in stabilizing the economy.
The government stabilizes the economy by increasing investment in times of economic depression and reducing investment in times of overheating
When the economy is depressed, the government increases the money supply, and when the economy is overheating, it reduces the money supply, thus stabilizing the economy.
During a recession, the government promotes economic recovery by formulating trade policies that encourage exports

c
A.B, C, and D are four beautiful girls.They like to wear beautiful clothes.One day, they wear different clothes in different colors, including yellow, green, blue, and red.When asked about their respective clothes, When coloring, A said: "B's clothes are not yellow." B said: "C's clothes are not green." C said: "D's clothes are not blue." D said: "A.B, C three One person's clothes are green, and only this person is telling the truth."
If D is telling the truth, which of the following is correct in the following statements ?:
A.C's clothes are blue, D's clothes are green
B.B's clothes are blue, C's clothes are red
C.A's clothes are green, B's clothes are red
D.D's clothes are green, A's clothes are red

b
Among Chen Hua, Liu Gang, and Wang Ming, only one person did homework on Sunday.Chen Hua said, "I do homework at home." Liu Gang said, "I did not do homework at home." Wang Ming said, "Chen Hua did not do homework at home." If only one of these three sentences is true,
So what's the truth ?:
A.Unable to judge
B.Wang Ming
C.Liu Gang
D.Chen Hua

d
Some physics teachers at Zhiyuan High School have obtained a master's degree.The physics teachers who have gone to the master's degree have more than three years of teaching experience.Some female teachers also have more than three years of teaching experience.All female teachers are married.
Based on the above text, which of the following must be correct ?:
All physics teachers have more than three years of teaching experience
There may be male teachers who are not yet married
All physics teachers who have obtained a master's degree are married
Physics teachers who may have master's degrees are female teachers

a
During the summer vacation, the school organized a class of high school (fifth) students to travel on July 20, Xiaoming said: "If I go, Xiaoqiang and Xiaolin will definitely go." Xiaoqiang said: "If I go, then Xiaoyan and Xiao At least one person in Finland will go."Xiaoyan said," I will go only if it doesn't rain."Xiaofen said," I will go only if the temperature is below 30 degrees Celsius."The weather forecast shows that on July 20, Light rain, 32 to 37 degrees Celsius.
According to the above text, which of the following can be introduced in the following options?
Xiaoming, Xiaoqiang, Xiaolin, Xiaoyan and Xiaofen did not travel
Xiaoyan and Xiaofen did not travel, but Xiaoming, Xiaolin and Xiaoqiang went on a tour
Xiaoyan, Xiaofen and Xiaoqiang did not travel, but Xiaoming and Xiaolin traveled
Xiaoming, Xiaoqiang, Xiaolin, Xiaoyan and Xiaofen are all traveling

c
In the class of "Innovation Management", Professor Zhang said to students: "The success of an enterprise's innovation is measured by its innovation performance.A company has either a high innovation performance or a low innovation performance.In my opinion, a company has either a successful innovation Or, innovation fails, because companies with high innovation performance are, in my opinion, successful companies in innovation, so companies with low innovation performance are, in my opinion, companies that fail to innovate."
In order for Professor Zhang's argument to be valid, which of the following hypotheses must be true?
The company's innovation performance has different forms of performance in different business areas, so it is difficult to judge the innovation performance of the company.
In Professor Zhang's view, companies with high innovation performance may not be successful companies, and companies with low innovation performance may not be companies that fail to innovate.
In Professor Zhang's view, companies with high innovation performance are those with successful innovation, and those with low innovation performance are also those with failed innovation.
The level of innovation performance has objective evaluation criteria, and Professor Zhang has the ability to distinguish the level of innovation performance

c
A city is a way of life, or an experience, not a difference in size.For example, in Shenzhen, except for the Luohu District, other areas, according to my personal experience, are uncompleted urban areas.The reason is very simple, the city needs several It will take years to mature, and popularity will not gather in one day.The urban area where no one lives is the "ghost town".
Of the following options, which best supports the above point ?:
Cities are not only a way of life, but also a source of power for economic development
Small cities are more suitable for people to live, and therefore more representative of unique lifestyles
Cities that have been developing for a long time are more popular and the cities are mature.
Large cities have large populations and mature development

c
Opinion polls, while producing a series of precise numbers, obscure the hard fact that most Americans' ignorance of politics is astonishing, like the classic "shout".The poll data expresses political will A twitch in an instant without the need to think carefully about the problem.Moreover, polls are a much more effective form of "shouting" because it appears to have replaced the mass hysteria with the calm and rational findings of serious social sciences Visual image.
Of the following options, which best supports the above point ?:
American polls can express the true will of citizens with the calm and rationality of serious social sciences
U.S.polls are the most effective form of "cry" and help achieve political goals
American polls do not reflect the rational thinking of citizens, but instead become an effective tool to achieve political goals
U.S.polls reflect the rational thinking of citizens and help achieve political goals

b
Since the reform and opening up, China has gradually formed new and old political and legal discourses and systems, both of which are parasitic, and struggle and cooperate.The establishment of the new political and legal system is gradually realized by parasitizing in the old political and legal system.It has grown stronger and more justified, and now there is reverse parasitism, that is, the old political and legal system has begun to learn the discourse and practices of the new political and legal system, parasitized in the new political and legal system, and has turned from previous resistance to cooperation, even using .
Of the following options, which most weakens the above point ?:
The old and new political and legal systems coexist in the struggle
The old and new political and legal systems are independent of each other, without struggle and cooperation
The relationship between the old and new political and legal systems is divided into two phases: in the first phase, the new political and legal system is parasitic to the old political and legal system; in the second phase, the old political and legal system is parasitized in the new political and legal system
The old and new political and legal systems are two aspects of a problem

a
In the fight against child trafficking, the police rescued a boy.In order to determine his hometown, the police conducted an investigation: Informed person A said that he may be a Sichuanese or Guizhouese; informed person B said that he can't be Sichuanese; insider C said that he must be Sichuanese; insider D said that he was not from Guizhou.The police determined that the words of only one person could not be trusted.
Based on the above information, the police can determine the boy's hometown ?:
Sichuan
Guizhou
It could be Sichuan or Guizhou
Can't judge

b
"Success" is only a local anesthesia.Those artists should realize that they can only succeed "here" and not "here".This is ridiculous and ridiculous in itself.This is itself a "failure".The thing is, they also thought of "coming back" and coming back with a laurel.This is a stale emotion, which shows that they are not free inside, which shows that they are still "here" slaves.
Of the following options, which most weakens the above point ?:
Artists are successful in their fields, not proficient in other fields, not ridiculous
Artists are not only successful in their fields, but also in other fields, they are free inside
While artists succeed in their own fields, they also want to succeed in other fields
Artists are not trite in areas other than their own

a
The personal right of the author, also known as the moral right of the author, refers to the rights of the copyright owner to his work that are related to the person or are inseparable without direct property content.Reputation, prestige, and the right to maintain the integrity of the work.Copyright property rights, also known as copyright economic rights, are the symmetry of the author's personal rights and refer to the right of the copyright owner to use or authorize others to use the work in a certain way to obtain material benefits.
According to the above definition, Which of the following statements are correct:
A.A well-known online novel writer asks the publisher to publish his work with his real name, then the writer exercises his personal rights
B.The painter Wang sold his painting to Jiang at a high price, and Jiang obtained the copyright of the painting.
C.The dance created by a well-known dancer was loved by the masses, and many people imitated and performed commercial performances.The dancer asked to stop this infringement, but she exercised her personal rights
D.A TV drama created by a playwright is remake because it is loved by the audience.The playwright asks the TV show producer not to modify the ending of the story, then he is exercising the property right of copyright

c
The formation of motor skills is usually based on the original motor connection.The so-called motor skill transfer refers to the interaction and role between the skills that were acquired in the past and the skills that are being learned in the process of learning new movements.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not the transfer of motor skills:
A.For those who are proficient in a foreign language, it is easier to master a second foreign language
B.Surgeon Lao Li used a scalpel all year round to exercise the flexibility of his hands.When he learned calligraphy after retirement, he found that his hands were more flexible and easier to practice calligraphy than others.
C.Gymnast has grasped the movement of turning to the left, and the movement of turning to the right is easier to grasp
D.When learning how to kneel a horse and flex your body, you have previously mastered the skills of flexing your legs and kicking, which can easily interfere with the formation of your body

d
Bacteriophage is a virus that can "prey" bacteria.With the development of implantation technology in medicine, more and more patients are receiving medical implantation devices such as urinary catheters, heart stents, etc.There is a risk of bacterial infection, so some researchers believe that if the phage is adsorbed on the surface of the implant device material and placed in the patient, the infection caused by the implant device can be avoided.
Which of the following is true.What weakened the conclusion above?
A.For patients implanted with medical devices, antibiotics are generally used to prevent bacterial infections
B.Where there are bacteria, there may be corresponding phages, but there are differences in the number
C.Bacteriophages can attack pathogenic bacteria, but sometimes "prey" beneficial bacteria
D.After some phages enter the body, they cannot adapt to the body fluid environment and it is difficult to maintain their activity

c
With the popularization of mobile phones and the Internet, people have begun to obtain various information anytime, anywhere.However, some studies believe that it is precisely because people are exposed to too much information that they lead to more ideas.When too many ideas cannot be realized, people will use various information to fill their brains Let the anxiety caused by unrealizable ideas not be in the mind for the time being.
According to the above description, it can be inferred:
A.Increased people's ideas lead to access to information anytime, anywhere
B.People's brains have a way to avoid painful things
C.People's pain increases as mobile phones and the Internet become more common
D.Pain can be reduced if people reduce access to additional information

d
Previous studies have suggested that volcanic eruption will release a lot of heat and cause global warming, but recent studies have found that volcanic eruption not only does not cause global temperature rise, but can also weaken the impact of global warming.
Which of the following is true and best supports the above conclusion?
A.Studies have shown that underground magma ejected from the ground during a volcanic eruption, resulting in an oxidation reaction in contact with air, causing local temperature rise
B.A volcanic eruption can inhibit certain bacteria that decompose organic matter.The decomposed organic matter contains methane, which is a flammable gas and can generate heat.
C.Large-scale acid rain will be brought after the volcanic eruption.Acid rain can reduce the temperature of the volcanic area in the short term, but it also causes pests of crops.
D.Studies have found that volcanic eruption substances-sulfur dioxide can form "water particles" with atmospheric substances and reflect sunlight, reduce heat radiation to the ground, and delay global warming

a
Four brothers and sisters, A.B, C, D, A said: Ding is the youngest sister.B said: There are only a brother and a boy among the siblings, and C said: I am A's sister.
If all of the above is true, Which of the following inferences are true:
A.A ranks second and is a boy; B ranks third and is a girl
B.B is ranked second and is a girl; C is ranked first and is a girl
C.C ranks second and is a girl; D ranks smallest and is a girl
D.A ranks second and is a girl; C ranks first and is a girl

c
Skinner's theory of operational conditioning is a fundamental part of the principle of reinforcement.Skinner refers to all events that increase the probability of an individual's operational response in the conditional action.He distinguishes between two types Reinforcement: positive reinforcement and negative reinforcement.When a certain stimulus in the environment increases and the probability of behavioral response increases, the increase in this stimulus is positive reinforcement; when a certain stimulus in the environment decreases and the probability of behavioral response increases, This reduction in stimulation is negative reinforcement.
Which of the following are not positive reinforcements
A.Teachers praise students who observe discipline in class.
B.Parents give material encouragement to children with good test results.
C.The school dismisses a student whose behavior has improved.
D.Company bosses increase salary for hard-working employees.

b
Concepts are the human brain's understanding of the essential characteristics of objective things, and the essential characteristics of things are the characteristics that determine the nature of things and distinguish one thing from other things.According to the degree of abstraction and generalization of the attributes contained in concepts, concepts can be divided Concrete concepts and abstract concepts.Concepts formed according to the designated attributes of things are called concrete concepts, and concepts formed according to the intrinsic properties of things are called abstract concepts.
Which of the following is an abstract concept
A.Bananas and sticks are long, while balls and watermelons are round
B.Bananas and watermelons are fruits, cabbages and potatoes are vegetables.
C.Chocolate and land are brown, snow and flour are white.
D.Ice and snow are cold, fire and blood are hot.

c
To identify whether a judgment is a relational judgment, it depends on whether it determines the nature of the object or the relationship between the objects.If it determines the nature of the object, it can only be a judgment of nature.If a sentence can be split into two Or two or more simple property judgments, then it is also a property judgment; if the relationship between objects is determined, it cannot be divided into two or more simple nature judgments, so that this judgment can be determined as Relationship judgment.
Therefore, among the following items, the relationship judgment is:
A.A is a party member
B.A and B are party members
C.A and B are concurrent
D.A is a party member and class cadre

b
The most brilliant scammer may deceive all people at one moment, or some people at all times, but it is impossible to deceive all people at all times.
If the above assertion is true, which of the following assertions is false?
A.People may not be cheated at any time.
B.There is no one who may not be cheated at some point.
C.Liars may also be deceived at some point.
D.Anyone who has a certain nucleus will not be deceived.

d
A.B, C, and D have different results.A.B, and C made speculations about this.A said: "A won first place, B won second place", and B said " C is second, D is fourth "; C says," A is second and D is fourth ".The actual situation is that all three of them were half right.
Which of the following is correct?
A.A second, D fourth.
B.A first, C third.
C.B first, D third.
D.C first, D fourth.

c
U.S.scientists studied the causes of animal hibernation.Blood was drawn from hibernating chinchillas and injected into the veins of two chinchilla legs that had been released from hibernation and placed in a 7 ° C cold room.The chinchilla went into hibernation again.In June of the same year, blood was injected from the two chinchillas into the veins of the legs of three active chinchillas.Although it was summer, the three active stages The chinchillas went into hibernation again.In July of the same year, Dong took blood from these three chinchillas and injected five active chinchilla legs into the veins.As a result, the five chinchillas also went into hibernation.Blood from the hibernating marmot was injected into the veins of the active chinchilla leg. As a result, the chinchilla also entered hibernation.
Which conclusion can be drawn from this?
A.It is inhumane for American scientists to disrupt the laws of animal hibernation.
B.Chinchillas have a long hibernation period.
C.During the active period, animals can be hibernated by being injected with the blood of hibernating animals.
D.Blood from marmots and chinchillas does not cause rejection.

b
Only by grasping the construction of basic education can we raise our education level to a higher level.In order to stand in the forest of the world's great powers, we must have an excellent education level.
This shows:
A.We must focus education on society.
B.In order to base ourselves in the forest of world powers, we must pay attention to the construction of basic education.
C.In order to raise the level of education to a higher level, it is necessary to increase the salary of college teachers.
D.In order to grasp the construction of basic education, all primary school teachers must have a bachelor degree or above.

d
A site was newly discovered in a certain place.After analysis, the experts made the following assumptions: If the site is from the Western Han or Eastern Han Dynasty, it is not from the Southern and Northern Jin Dynasties.After further identification by the experts, the site is not the Western Han Dynasty.
This shows:
A.It is not from the Eastern Han Dynasty
B.It was from the Eastern Han Dynasty
C.It was from the Southern Jin Dynasty
D.It may be from the Northern Jin Dynasty

c
A survey of Internet addicts in a certain place showed that 81% of the Liu Yixiang surveyed were online game addicts.At the same time, it was found that more than half of Internet addicts feel very frustrated in life, but feel in life Frustration often has bad behaviors such as smoking and drinking.
This shows:
A.Among online game addicts, there may not be people who feel frustrated in life.
B.Internet game addicts must smoke or drink.
C.Someone who is an online game addict must feel very frustrated in life.
D.There must be no smokers among online game addicts.

b
There are two primitive tribes in a virgin forest.The totems of the two tribes worship differently.Tribe A worships snakes and considers snakes to be their ancestors.Tribe B worships birds and considers birds to be their ancestors.Of these two tribes, The totem worship of a person is exactly the same as the totem worship of his tribe.If there is intermarriage within the tribe, the children born belong to this tribe, if there is intermarriage, the children born belong to the mother's tribe,
Knowing that someone worships birds, which of the following must be wrong?
A.Someone's father is from Tribe.
B.Someone's mother is from Tribe.
C.Someone's parents are from tribe B.
D.Someone's mother is from tribe B.

d
Protein denaturation refers to the phenomenon that the natural conformation of biological macromolecules is destroyed, resulting in the loss of their biological activity.When proteins are exposed to light and heat, the stimulus bond is destroyed, which causes the protein's biological activity to be lost.When the protein is heated, it will degenerate and precipitate.
So if you get blood on your clothes, what's the best way to deal with it?
A.Wash with warm water as soon as possible
B.Wash with boiling water as soon as possible
C.Wash with a strong detergent
D.Wash with cold water as soon as possible

d
Only when the nations of the world recognize the respect for the sovereignty of any country and the true implementation of this treaty can the world be truly peaceful.However, due to the hegemonic attitude of some countries, double principles have been adopted for their own countries and others, Therefore, the sovereignty of some countries is not respected.
From this?
A.Every country should respect the sovereignty of other countries
B.The world has achieved true peace
C.Hegemonic states are shameful
D.There is no real peace in the world

c
Most plants can only grow in an environment above 0 ° C, and will stop growing or freeze to death below 0 ° C.However, some plants are just the opposite, not only not afraid of low temperature and cold, but can only survive below 0 ° C The polar rocks provide the best growth environment for this plant.
Can it be launched from this?
A.This plant can only grow on polar rocks
B.General plant growth environment is also suitable for the growth of this plant
C.This plant cannot survive above 0 ℃
D.Only this plant can survive below 0 ℃

b
The crime of harboring and sheltering refers to the act of providing a hidden place or property for a non-joint offender to know that someone else is committing a crime, and help him to escape or prove his cover by falsehood.
Which of the following are possessions.
A.Wang's son bullied his classmates, and Wang asked the child to go to live in a house.
B.The daughter released the puppet in her boyfriend's drinking water because of emotional problems.Her mother, Wang, took out her home deposit and gave it to her daughter to let her leave.
C.Zhao and Li hurt someone after drinking, Li led Zhao to hide in his hometown
D.Xiaoqiang hid in the city where his girlfriend lived after the injury and concealed the injury from his girlfriend and his family

d
The crime of causing traffic accidents refers to violations of highway and water transportation management regulations, resulting in major accidents, causing serious injuries, deaths, or causing major losses to public and private property.
According to the definition, which of the following is crimes?
A.Zhang did not whistle when driving a train through a fork in the road, killing a passing child
B.Wang drunk driving and was speeding through when intercepted by traffic police
C.When Zheng was driving and transporting goods, the brakes failed and he ran down the cliff to avoid pedestrians
D.A motorcycle driving from north to south knocked a middle-aged woman who was riding a bicycle to the ground, causing her head to bleed heavily.The car actually ignored the wounded moaning on the ground and fled east quickly

d
A few years ago, the news revealed that a well-known winery was actually a good charge, causing a huge sensation, making this winery even more "famous", but sales have plummeted since then.Speaking of the relationship between popularity and reputation.The popularity and reputation reflect the degree of public awareness and praise of an organization.Only by continuously improving the reputation can the organization's reputation be continuously improved.But the popularity can only be based on the reputation In order to have a positive effect, at the same time, reputation needs to be conditional on visibility in order to fully display its social value.
which is the relationship between popularity and reputation?
A.Low visibility, low reputation
B.High visibility and high reputation
C.Only with high reputation can high visibility
D.Only with high visibility can reputation be high

b
Specific things refer to things that have their own individual characteristics and cannot be replaced by other things.
Based on this definition, which of the following is specific things?
A.Grandma's bracelet from mother
B.An unearthed cultural relic from the Han Dynasty
C.Xiao Zhang's Wedding Diamond Ring
D.Dog food for sale in pet stores

d
Endopathic discomfort is a type of sensory disorder.It refers to various discomforts and unbearable strange feelings inside the body, such as pulling, squeezing, swimming, ants crawling, etc.Unlike visceral hallucinations, patients The specific unsuitable areas cannot be clearly pointed out, and they are more common in psychosis, schizophrenia, depression and mental disorders after brain trauma.
Which of the following is an endogenous discomfort?
A.A patient who has not completely recovered from anaesthesia just after surgery, sees the plastic tube as a snake, and desperately tries to avoid it and tries to remove it
B.A schizophrenic patient feels that his stomach was first burned by the fire and punctured by many needles
C.A patient with depression feels dazzled, the sound becomes very low and distant, and the color of the surrounding environment becomes blurred
D.A person with a mental illness feels as if he is moving around in the body, but he cannot point out where he feels uncomfortable.

d
Controlled delusions are a type of thinking disorder.It refers to patients experiencing their own will, thoughts, language, emotions and behaviors controlled by some external force, and lose the ability to autonomously control.
Which of the following are not controlled delusions?
A.A patient has heard a voice in the air from half a year ago, always giving him orders, asking him to do this and that, and threatening intimidation if he disobeys.
B.A patient felt that the people around him were very dissatisfied with him, and put medicine in the unit's water dispenser, and this medicine only affected him, making him weaker and weaker.
C.A patient believes that the National Security Agency has implanted a remote control device in his body.As soon as someone presses the remote control, he must follow the instructions to speak and do things.
D.A patient firmly believes that he has the world's nuclear weapons button, and he holds a cigarette case to tell others that if someone does not obey his command, he presses the nuclear button.

b
Only when the government stops levying taxes on farmers and guarantees the minimum living security for farmers, farmers can take off their heavy living burdens.The economic and financial power of the population.
From this?
A.Farmers are the burden of the government and farmers should be relocated to towns to reduce the burden of government
B.Farmers' burden of life is still heavy
C.To develop the handicraft industry in rural areas to improve farmers' living standards
D.Strengthen education in rural areas and let the change begin with education

c
According to statistics, the top three populations in a city are pharyngitis, hypertension, and diabetes.Among them, the incidence of hypertension and diabetes increases with age, and the incidence of pharyngitis in all ages is not obvious.In the next 10 years, the proportion of the elderly population in the city will increase significantly.
Based on the information provided by the stem, which of the following is the most appropriate inference?
A.After 10 years, the highest incidence will be hypertension
B.After 10 years, the highest incidence will remain pharyngitis
C.The average age of pharyngitis patients will increase over the next 10 years
D.After 10 years, older patients will have more pharyngitis than non-elderly patients

c
In a fraud case, Zhao and Li were targeted after investigation.Both Zhao and Li may be scammers or eyewitnesses.Known scammers only tell lies and witnesses only tell the truth.Interrogators Ask Zhao: "Surely one of you two is a witness?" Zhao answered: "No."
What are Zhao and Li?
A.Zhao is a witness and Lee is a scammer
B.Zhao and Li are both witnesses
C.Zhao is a scammer and Lee is a witness
D.Zhao and Li are both scammers

d
In recent years, especially in first-tier cities, the proportion of buyers who bought first-hand new homes rather than second-hand homes has fallen, and some buyers believe that this is due to the rise in first-hand new home prices.As a basis for price increases, they use data to prove that Inflation adjustments, the purchase price paid by first-hand new home buyers is also much higher than the price of a few years ago.
Of the following options, which of the following is the most convincing argument of the above buyers?
A.The value of new home purchases drops much faster than the value of second-hand homes
B.The decline in the proportion of buyers of new homes must mean that the proportion of buyers of second-hand homes has increased
C.The relative increase in second-hand home sales may be explained by the decision of only a small percentage of all home buyers
D.Data shows that second-hand housing buyers are paying far more for home purchases than they were a few years ago.

d
In order to further attract customers and increase profits in the next quarter, a hotel decided to cooperate with a group buying company to launch a preferential group buying a package.
All the following were assumed by the hotel's promotion plan, except?
A.The restaurant can accommodate more customers than now
B.Group buying companies can enable the group's group to purchase discounts to let more potential consumers know
C.The preferential price of the group purchase package is still profitable compared to the actual cost
D.The dishes in the group purchase package are popular with young people

c
Some people think that the concentration of milk has something to do with the organic pastures that cows eat.
In order to verify this point, which of the following experimental methods is the most reliable?
A.Select dairy cows of the good breed as experimental samples
B.Laboratory comparison of the nutrient composition of organic forage and fertilizer forage
C.Choose two batches of cows of the same breed and level as far as possible, one batch is fed with organic pastures, and the other batch is fed with fertilized pastures.After a period of time, the concentration of milk produced by the two batches is compared.
D.For the same batch of cows, gradually reduce or increase the proportion of organic forage in their food, and compare the concentration of milk produced by this batch of cows in different periods

c
In a lecture on British history, the guest introduced that according to the British throne succession law enacted in 1701, the eldest son of the monarch has absolute priority to inherit the throne.Some people in the audience questioned: that is incorrect, including the current queen Many queens in British history have inherited the throne.
This live audience may have the following misunderstandings, except?
A.Only the eldest son of the monarch can legally inherit the throne
B.Successive British queens have directly inherited the throne as first-order heirs
C.Not all queens in British history may legally inherit the throne through throne inheritance law
D.Only sons are legal heirs to the throne

d
Wuyue returned without looking at the mountains and Jiuzhai returned without looking at the water.Mr.Li decided to stop visiting the mountains and water in the future.He must have visited Wuyue and Jiuzhai.
which is most similar to the logical inference structure of the sentence above?
A.Phytosterol is an important physiologically active substance.Ingestion of phytosterols can greatly help reduce cholesterol.People with high cholesterol must rarely use foods with high phytosterols.
B.Green tea is unfermented tea, black tea is fully fermented tea, and Tieguanyin is semi-fermented tea, which is neither green tea nor black tea, so it is called oolong tea.
C.The road that the city cleaning vehicle passes is always wet.Today the road surface on the elevated road is very dry.The cleaning vehicle must not have been there.
D.Pulmonary diseases are largely related to smoking.Patients who detect tumors in the lungs usually choose to quit smoking.Li Gang recently planned to quit smoking.He must have detected lung tumors.

a
In order to increase the income of taxi drivers, the taxi company in city F intends to change its taxi fare scheme.The company will charge a starting fee of 10 yuan for the first 5 kilometers or less, and will charge 2 yuan for each kilometer in the future.Instead of charging a starting fee of 6 yuan for the first 3 kilometers or less before, and 2 yuan for each kilometer in the future,
The company believes that the above plan can achieve the purpose of increasing revenue, most likely based on the following premise?
The city of A.F is very small, and many people don't take more than 3 kilometers by taxi
B.In the past few years, the cost of taxi maintenance has been rising, but the income of taxi drivers has not risen.
C.F city people who often make taxi trips sometimes require taxi drivers to collect fares according to the company's charging scheme
D.Even though the price of taxis using gasoline is rising, the price of 2 yuan per kilometer makes taxi drivers profitable

a
A limited company has a total of 15 shareholders, and each shareholder holds equal voting rights.According to the articles of association of the company, the general resolution of the shareholders' meeting requires approval by more than half of the shareholders.Small groups, the voting rights of the remaining shareholders are actually in an invalid state.Suppose that 15 shareholders have formed 4 small groups of 5, 5, 3, 2 because of their mutual interests.Small groups have different voting rights.
Can it be launched from this?
A.The voting rights held by small groups of 5, 5, and 3 are actually equal, and the actual voting effect held by small groups of 2 is 0
B.The voting rights held by the small groups of 5, 5, and 3 are actually equal, and the actual voting effect held by the small groups of 2 is 2
C.If there are 3 small groups of 15 people, each small group holds equal voting rights
D.Whether the formation of a small group does not affect the voting of the shareholders' meeting, and the actual effect of the voting rights held by each shareholder is still equal

b
The box of milk is designed to be square because the square saves more refrigeration space required for storing milk than the round box.In this way, more milk can be placed in a refrigerator.The bottle of Cola is designed to be round because The shape is easier to hold and carry
If the above view is correct, which of the following must be taken as a premise?
A.The refrigerated space for milk is smaller than the space for cola
B.Coke does not need to be refrigerated and milk needs to be refrigerated
C.Product packaging design is mainly for practical purposes
D.People cannot accept round milk boxes and square cola bottles

c
There are four kinds of fruits: apple, strawberry, banana, and orange.A.B, C, and D each receive one.A: "I got an apple", B: "I got an orange", C: "A lies He got the banana ", Ding:" I got the strawberry "
If only two people are telling the truth, which of the following can definitely be launched?
A.B receives oranges
B.Ding received strawberries
C.C received not bananas
D.A is not Apple

b
"Inertia thinking" is a special state of mental preparation or inclination to an activity caused by previous activities.Involuntarily or follow the way or order of last thought.
The above paragraphs cannot be launched?
A.When the situation does not change, inertial thinking helps to solve problems quickly
B.When the situation is unchanged, inertial thinking is conducive to the generation of new methods
C.Inertial thinking may be a shackle to creative thinking
D.Inertial thinking is to some extent the root of creative thinking

b
A sign was erected near a pond: "Pond water is extremely poisonous, and it will die if it enters the water.Otherwise, it will not bear medical expenses!"
Which of the following? The same logical error as the problem
A.Mom said to the child, "I love you very much.If you decide to do anything, I will support you, but you must do as I say!"
B.The teacher said, "It's not easy for us to draw conclusions about whether this classmate's idea is correct.Otherwise, it is unfair to him."
C.Teachers must criticize a group of students, and praise a group of students.
D.The Cultural Revolution has its right places and its incorrect places.

c
A spokesman for the coal mining industry put forward a proposal: In order to maintain the price of domestic coal, the import of cheaper foreign coal must be restricted; otherwise, China's coal mining industry will be difficult to operate.75% of the coal purchased by the metal smelting industry is domestically produced.If the price of coal is not paid at international prices, then due to rising costs, domestic non-ferrous metals will not be sold, and the demand for domestic coal will decline.
Which of the following? Is the most appropriate evaluation of the argument of the non-ferrous metal smelting industry spokesman
A.This argument is not targeted and has nothing to do with the recommendations of a coal mining industry spokesperson
B.The argument is a circular argument, which presupposes what needs to be proven in order to comment on the advice of a coal mining industry spokesperson
C.The argument illustrates that the recommendations of a coal mining industry spokesperson, if implemented, would have a negative impact on itself
D.The argument did not give reasons why the implementation of the above recommendations did not alleviate concerns that the coal mining industry would be difficult to operate

b
At present, people are more and more enthusiastic about tourism.Many tourists will travel to some famous cities.There is often a phenomenon: on the way to the scenic spots, the guide lady always stops in front of several craft processing factories and advises everyone to go to the factory Visit here, saying that the product is cheap, and it doesn't matter if you buy or not.For this reason, some tourists often complain, but this behavior continues, even better than one year.
which is the least likely cause of the above phenomenon?
A.Although some people are dissatisfied, many tourists are willing, and their smiles when they come out of the factory are evidence
B.Most tourists are financially wealthy, they just want to save time and don't care about the price of goods
C.An important task for some tourists is to shop.If they go home empty-handed, the family will be unhappy.
D.Manufacturers sell products directly, the quality is guaranteed, the price is indeed cheap, why not

d
There are four lockers in the supermarket.When you open the cabinet, you find that the first one says: "All the cabinets are filled with shopping bags." The second one says: "There are shopping gifts in this cabinet." The third cabinet reads: "There is no food in this cabinet", and the fourth cabinet reads: "Some cabinets do not have shopping bags".
If only the description in one cabinet is true, Which of the following must be true?
A.There are shopping bags in all cabinets
B.No shopping bags in all cabinets
C.No shopping gifts in all cabinets
D.There is food in the third cabinet

a
Xiao Zhang said to Xiao Li: "Red symbolizes enthusiasm, and I am enthusiastic when I see red." Xiao Li wrote the words red and said to Xiao Zhang, "Do you feel bloody?"
which is the logical expression of the following sentence consistent with the given question?
A.Xiao Zhang said to Xiao Li, "Is the sea water salty? Otherwise, you can taste those two words and see if they taste salty?"
B.Xiao Zhang said to Xiao Li, "Your friend is such a good person.Look, it looks very beautiful."
C.Xiao Zhang said to Xiao Li, "There are flowers in bloom all year round.Flowers are like beautiful women, and everyone loves to see them."
D.Xiao Zhang said to Xiao Li, "This man is really troublesome, and even a little trouble can't be solved."

c
Syllogistic reasoning is a simple reasoning judgment in deductive reasoning, which includes: a general principle (major premise), a specialization statement (minor premise) attached to the previous major premise, and the specialization statement derived from it Conclusions consistent with general principles
Based on the above definition, which of the following is the following reasoning process correct?
A.The pride will lose, we win, and we are all pride
B.Brave is fearless, I am fearless, so I am brave
C.The hero is sad beauty, I am a hero, so I am sad beauty
D.When the brave meets on the narrow road, we win, so the brave wins

b
Every century, philosophers and artists have proposed definitions of "beauty" and "ugly", but so far there is not a completely consistent definition.
Suppose the definition "ugly is the opposite of beauty" is true, then?
A.Everything has beauty and ugliness
C.No beauty or ugliness exists
B.Without beauty there is no ugliness
D.Beauty and Ugliness are indistinguishable

b
A company plans to implement an "office-home, ButoneDay" plan, that is, all employees do not need to work in the office, they can choose any place they want to complete the work, such as home, playground ...Colleagues must one day meet in the office for face-to-face communication.
Which of the following explanation best illustrates the need for face-to-face communication?
A.Face-to-face communication can help employees evaluate work progress
B.Face-to-face communication can obtain some key non-verbal communication information
C.Without the face-to-face communication in the office, the office loses its value
D.Working independently for a long time without communicating with other colleagues will weaken the team spirit of employees

c
When people apply the general rule to special cases to which it does not apply, they produce "the odd fallacy".
Which of the following does not create a "single fallacy"?
A.Citizens enjoy the freedom of speech in accordance with the law.So Lao Zhao should not be prosecuted for his speech that subverted the government last week.
B.Borrowing other people's items should be returned in a timely manner.You borrowed a kitchen knife from the old money's house yesterday.The troublesome drunkard in front was old money.Now that you have met him, you should quickly return it to him.
C.Life lies in exercise.When Sun is growing up, he can't always stay at home to learn, it's time to run and run.
D.You grew up in the land of etiquette, knowing that honesty and frankness are virtues, tell me your company's secret now

a
A national S opened a candy store.One day, S decided to increase the unit price of nougat and toffee by 2.9 yuan and 1.8 yuan respectively; on the same day, an F-222 fighter plane of the country's air force crashed.One month later, S again Doubled the unit price of toffee; at 14:00 on the same day, a passenger plane C died shortly after takeoff.Two months later, S issued a statement on the price of candy, saying that the price had not been adjusted and the unit price of nougat was increased by 1.2 yuan; the same day A passenger plane of an airline of Ding Guo crashed near the northwest of the country.It can be seen that S uses the price of candy as a weapon to specifically target overseas spacecraft.
If the following options are true, what would best support the above conclusion?
A.When the aircraft is manufactured, the internal program is set to actively receive the candy pricing information of S.When it encounters a specific price, it crashes
B.Not only foreign aircraft but also domestic aircraft crashed; not only military fighters but also civil passenger aircraft
C.S has a close relationship with a multinational terrorist organization, and has learned the detailed plan of the terrorist attack before adjusting the price of candy
D.S implanted bombs in candy sold to overseas pilots, exploded immediately after biting

a
In the past fifty years, the per capita living standard of a certain place has been below the poverty line, so it can be expected that the living standard of the per capita of the place will remain low in the next few years.
If the following options are true, what will most weaken the conclusion?
A.The country has been granting preferential policies to the region for the past ten years to protect and improve people's lives
B.The executive leadership team in the region is facing a change of office, and a large number of officials with experience in successful poverty reduction are about to take office
C.A geological expert speculates that there is a large amount of oil in the ground
D.According to rumors, the place will be planned as a satellite city in the capital

c
In a class, there are three classmates A.B, and C who participated in the Olympiad and each won one, two, and three prizes.The class teacher guessed that: A must be the first prize, B must not be the first prize, and C must not be the third prize In fact, the head teacher only guessed one.
Based on this, it can be inferred who won the second prize?
A.Classmate A
B.Classmate B
C.Class C
D.Unable to judge

d
"Supply-side structural reform" refers to reforms that start from the supply side and are directed at structural issues."Supply-side" includes two basic aspects: First, the input of production factors, such as labor input, capital input, land and other resource inputs, Entrepreneurs can invest and government management invests.The second factor is the increase in total factor productivity, which is determined by institutional changes, structural optimization, and factor upgrades."Structural issues" mainly include industrial structure issues, consumption structure issues, regional structure issues, and factor input structure issues., Emissions structure issues, growth momentum structure issues, income distribution structure issues, etc.According to the above,
Which of the following do not fall into the scope of supply-side structural reforms?
A.A platform integrates "fragmented" idle private cars for sharing
B.A dim sum restaurant has upgraded pastry technology to make dim sum more delicate and delicious
C.A company insists on independent innovation and develops its own patented high-tech smart terminal products
D.A winery invested heavily in advertising to win the naming rights of a popular variety show

d
The animal situation in a zoo is as follows: 1 if the number of horses increases or the lion becomes pregnant, then the number of elephants dies or the number of rabbits does not increase; 2 if the number of cattle is sick or the number of wolves decreases, then the number of rabbits increases and the number of horses increases If the elephants die or the number of goats increases, then the cattle are not sick or the number of horses does not increase.
Based on the above conditions, which of the following can be determined?
A.Reduced number of wolves
B.Lion pregnancy
C.Increased number of goats
D.Cows are not sick

d
The four football teams of Dongshan, Xishan, Nanshan and Beishan held a friendly match.Each two teams played a match and played only one match.The final ranking according to the total number of goals: Dongshan> Xishan> Nanshan> Beishan.In each game, Dongshan team defeated Xishan team 4: 1, Beishan team defeated Nanshan team, and the other four games were tied.
which is the least number of goals conceded by each team?
A.Dongshan team
B.West Hills
C.Nanshan Team
D.Beishan

b
The proximate effect is that in the process of forming an overall impression, the impact of newly obtained information on people's cognition is much greater than that obtained in the past.This is because during the formation of the impression, people gradually forget the original impression.When new information enters the field of vision, it is easy to generate new stimuli to people's senses, forming the latest impression from the rain, directly affecting people's cognitive judgments
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not a recency effect?
A.A socially famous table, but in his later years he was notorious for a scandal
B.The clothes are neat and tidy during the interview, giving a good impression and a high chance of being accepted
C.Husband and wife were very good at first because they were arguing about a small matter and their heads were about to divorce.
D.Xiao Ling and Xiao Fei have been friends for many years, because Xiao Ling recently "offended" Xiao Fei, and the two are the same.

c
Incentive incompatibility means that in the principal-agent relationship, both the principal and the agent will guide their behavior with their own maximum benefits.Institutional arrangements make them inconsistent in their goals and behaviors.But there is no incentive for agents.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is incentives incompatible?
A.Unit A takes measures to enable each employee to achieve his or her own career in contributing more to the enterprise
B.There is a serious phenomenon of seniority in the promotion of company B's position.
C.C.After purchasing medical insurance from an insurance company, he didn't work and rest as regularly as before, and started staying up late and drinking heavily.
D.The Ding Hospital implements an incremental commission system for doctors.The more registered orders a doctor receives each month, the higher the commission rate.

a
The business ecosystem refers to an economic union composed of organizations and individuals.Its members include core enterprises, consumers, market intermediaries, suppliers, risk bearers, etc., and to a certain extent, competitors.According to the above definition, according to the above definition, the value chain is intertwined with each other to form a value network, and material, energy, and information flow and circulate among members of the consortium through the value network.
Which of the following corporate behaviors is inconsistent with the business ecosystem?
A.Hitachi emphasizes how to use the company's internal resources to form a competitive advantage
B.Didi Company leverages the resources of other enterprises and individuals in the circle by building an information platform
C.Philips cooperates with AT & T, and also cooperates with German Siemens
D.The relationship between Apple and Microsoft is complex, both cooperative and competitive

b
Iterative development is due to the high uncertainty of the market.Before the demand is fully determined, the development starts quickly.Each cycle is not perfect, but it is necessary to continuously find new problems, acquire and accumulate new knowledge, and adaptively control Process, complete some functions of the system in one iteration, and then deliver immature products to leading users, and further refine the requirements through their feedback, so as to enter the next round of iteration, continuously obtain user needs and improve the product.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is the following that does not belong to iterative development?
A.Company A first introduces a minimalist prototype product to the market, verifies that the product meets user needs with minimal cost and effective methods, and then combines the requirements to quickly add components
B.When company B develops products, it follows the pre-planned requirements, analysis, design, coding, and test steps are carried out in order to successfully develop new products.
C.A company's product was removed from the previous beta version after 5 years of launch and became a stable product
D.Ding adopts the model of open source software on the software it develops, and upgrades the software jointly with users

c
Ashamed means that in a person's daily life, due to an in-depth understanding of good behavior and sages, a type of sage is used as an example, and good behavior is the criterion, and he rejects a psychological character that does not conform to sages and good behavior When this psychological character is rooted, if an individual deviates from behavior, he will have a sense of conscience and self-blame.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is the following ashamed?
A.A sprinkled water on the corridor in the winter season, and later worried that the water would cause harm to others after freezing into ice, and she felt very guilty.
B.B cheating on the exam, always worried that after the matter is exposed, everyone will be condemned and criticized, and my heart is disturbed.
C.B.said bad things about his classmates behind his back.Afterwards, he remembered the interpretations of "truth, goodness, and beauty" in the book, and felt very disturbed.
D.Ding accidentally listened to a moral model and felt a kind of admiration for it.

c
The principle of social identity means that when a person is unable to judge whether his behavior is reasonable when the surrounding environment is uncertain, he often decides what he should do based on the behavior of other people around him.This behavior mode is completely unconscious and conditions Reflective, so biased and even fake evidence can fool us.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following that has nothing to do with the principle of social identity?
A.After Xiao Yueyue was crushed by the car, none of the 19 people passing by took the initiative to help.
B.Someone is being attacked by a gangster, and hundreds of people watch around, but are indifferent.
C.Similar reports appeared elsewhere after news of the kindergarten attack.
D.Manufacturers always associate their products with the current cultural boom.

d
Compulsory thinking, also known as thinking gathering, refers to a large number of thinking that does not belong to the patient's mind.These thinking are not controlled by the patient's will, and emerge compulsively in the brain.The content is mostly disordered, sometimes even disgusted by patients
According to the above definition, Which of the following is one of the mandatory thinking?
A.A very slow thinking activities, difficulty in association, difficulty thinking, slow response
B.Associative slack in the thinking activity, loose content, not focusing on the problem, not deep
C.C often feels that his thinking is disturbed by external factors and he is very disgusted
D.Ding often feels that he has some cluttered ideas in his head that he cannot control at all

a
Parkinson's law means that the level of administrative agencies will continue to increase like a pyramid, the administrative staff will continue to swell, and everyone is busy, but the phenomenon that the organizational efficiency is getting lower and lower is caused by an incompetent official.Usually, two people who are lower than themselves are used as assistants, and the two assistants find two more incompetent assistants for themselves, and so on, forming a bloated organization.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is the following item that can be explained by Parkinson's law?
A.People in a poor county who are capable cannot be reused, and those with mediocre ability have a large number of overstaffed into administrative agencies, resulting in an increasing number of people in this country's poor county eating "royal food"
B.The factors involved in administrative management are very complicated.Managers cannot avoid goal setting and execution and never make mistakes.Managers need to be ready at all times to face errors and failures that come.
C.The promotion mechanism of an administrative department's "determined promotion based on contribution" has led to a considerable portion of the organization's personnel being promoted to an incompetent level, resulting in superfluity and inefficiency
D.A manager gives his subordinates ample time to complete a certain task.As a result, the subordinates not only make a mess of themselves, but the entire department is also chaotic.

d
The principle of seesaw reciprocity refers to the interaction between people.Just like sitting on a seesaw, one end cannot be fixed at one end and the other end is low, but must be alternated.Therefore, people usually reward others for what they have done in an appropriate way.Everything, because acceptance is often tied closely to the obligation to repay.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is the following that reflects the principle of reciprocity of the seesaw?
A.Donating a rose gives you a fragrance.You do n’t ask for rewards for good deeds.
B.In order to reduce the default rate of customer orders, the salesperson usually asks whether the customer will fulfill the promise as promised before the end of the contract
C.We like people who are similar to us, regardless of whether the similarities are in perspective, personality, background or lifestyle
D.After a stationery store launched the service of water delivery when entering the store, the sales of stationery increased significantly

d
All salespeople of a company are from Shaanxi.Some Shaanxi people like to eat peppers, and the general manager of the company likes peppers.
Can be inferred from this
A.The company's general manager, Shanxi
B.The general manager of the company may be the originator of sales in Shaanxi
C.The company's sales people like to eat peppers
D.The company's salespeople may not like to eat peppers

a
In many mobile APPs, there is a problem of excessively collecting information, and it has aroused public doubts.Once users authorize the APP to collect this information, the most worrying issue is the security of private information.Security is almost impossible to achieve.In recent years, Facebook ’s leaked user incidents in the United States and the recent domestic “big kill” of big data can be described as the most basic telecommunications service providers.Operators have hundreds of millions of users.Of private data, once the problem occurs, the consequences are even more difficult to estimate.
Can this be launched?
A.It is necessary to regulate the collection and use of hidden information by mobile APPs and telecommunications operators
B.Individuals must pay attention to information security and use mobile apps as little as possible
C.Domestic internet users do not use Facebook, and do not register
D.Countries and individuals must resist big data "kill" and regulate the collection and use of big data

d
For bike sharing, it is also necessary to step out of the stage of burning money and seek for a business model that can produce more economic benefits.This US delegation ’s acquisition of worship has found a new direction for the breakthrough of the bike sharing market.Although it is a strong company, the company's valuation has reached US $ 7 billion in the past two years, and it has accumulated experience in corporate mergers and acquisitions through strategic cooperation with Volkswagen Reviews.However, if the Meituan Group will take over the film and continue the previous money-burning model as a means to enter the shared bicycle, then the significance of this merger will be a significant discount, and it will even drag the Meituan group.Exhausted.
Which of the following are true?
A.Meituan's merger and acquisition of bike sharing marks the end of the profit model of bike sharing
B.Meituan is strong enough to support the worship of mergers and acquisitions, even if it burns money, it is not a fear
C.The market's attitude towards this merger is not important, Meituan has its own strategic considerations
D.Meituan only makes sense if it merges bike sharing with its main business to achieve profitability

d
China's research environment continues to improve.Data show that in 2016, China's total R & D expenditure was 1.57 trillion yuan, becoming the world's second largest R & D investment country after the United States.Disciplines and key laboratories have been established one after another.China today has the ability to provide scientific researchers with scientific research conditions that are not inferior to those of Western countries.
If the following are true, what will strengthen the above argument?
A.With the increase of scientific research funding, China has also issued a series of scientific research policies;
B.National key innovation projects, key disciplines and key laboratories are extremely attractive to scientific researchers;
C.Research funding can be implemented, and various 'key' measures make scientific researchers do their best;
D.The promotion of research funding has a decisive role in improving the research environment.

b
In 018, the number of college graduates nationwide will reach 8.2 million, setting a new record high.At present, in order to 'grab' talents, many cities have introduced new policies to attract talents.A survey conducted by the media showed that in answering the 'city you want to work for' When there was a problem, 60% of respondents chose second-tier cities, 30% of respondents chose first-tier cities, and only 10% chose third-tier and fourth-tier cities.This is mainly based on a comprehensive consideration of living costs, employment opportunities and development space.80.53% of the respondents The authors believe that the cost of living, such as housing prices, is the main consideration.To put it more bluntly, it is not easy for first-tier cities to live, so college students are 'preferred for second-tier cities'.
If the following are true, which of the following is the most supportive of this view?
A.Tier 1 cities have strong economic vitality and more opportunities for development
B.Comprehensive consideration of living costs and development opportunities, second-tier cities are more favored by graduates
C.Judging from the current situation, the economic vitality of third- and fourth-tier cities is insufficient, and development opportunities are limited
D.High housing prices daunt graduates from first-tier cities

c
In the application ecosystem of the Internet industry cluster blockchain technology, there are tens of millions of registered members who form a huge consumer group and are the specific counterparts of the Internet industry cluster.As consumers in the traditional sense, thousands of Through its own commercial consumption behavior, the value created by this group has witnessed generation after generation of rich men, winners, and endless richest people.They have enjoyed the mansion brought by wealth through paper drunk gold fans, red lights, green and enviable lives., Luxury cars, status, glory, their children can get high-quality education opportunities, inheritance of all the resources of their parents, these of course have personal efforts, but they must be closely related to the millions of people who buy and use their products and services .
It can be inferred from this:
A.Masters of blockchain technology in the Internet industry clusters have gained a lot of wealth
B.Masters of blockchain technology in the Internet industry clusters provide attractive products and services
C.Like the darling of the times in history, the blockchain technology of the Internet industry cluster is a means of benefit
D.Blockchain technology of the Internet industry cluster is the future development trend of the Internet

a
The advent of cars has changed the face of modern life: it has changed where we live, our buying habits, how we work, etc.As cars become more common, they have become an integral part of society, culture and ecology.But the data from the World Health Organization It shows that there are about 1.25 million deaths caused by car accidents each year.Among them, half of the deaths are caused by collisions between vehicles and passers-by, bicycles, and motorcycles.Car accidents have become the culprits of deaths among people aged 15-29.The emergence of autonomous vehicles will tend to change this phenomenon.
If the following items come true, what will most doubt the above conclusions?
A.An automatic teacher vehicle has been killed in a collision
B.The control system of autonomous vehicles needs to be further improved
C.The occurrence of a car accident has nothing to do with the personal quality of the general public
D.Commercial penetration of autonomous vehicles is still low

b
Since 007, China has officially launched the pilot work of commercial banks to set up financial leasing companies.The financial leasing industry has developed rapidly, the number of companies in the industry has continued to increase, and the overall scale has been continuously expanded.From the perspective of providing services for physical operations, financial leasing The industry has played an active role in reducing the fixed costs of traditional brick-and-mortar enterprises, helping them with technological innovation and improving efficiency.However, compared with the requirements of deepening supply-side structural reforms and promoting the transformation and upgrading of industrial structures, the financial leasing industry has not yet Give full play to its business strengths and advantages.
If the following items are true, which of the following is the most questionable point?
A.Narrow coverage of the financial leasing industry
B.The financial leasing industry has become a boost for the development of SMEs
C.Low stickiness of customers in the financial leasing industry
D.The profit model of the financial leasing industry is relatively single

c
The popularity of computers and the emergence of the Internet are changing the way in which social information is disseminated, as well as the way people are entertained.At the same time, traditional media have also been greatly impacted.Many people spend a lot of time in front of computers and even become "networks" "Autism" patients.
Can it be launched from this?
A.The downturn in movies is caused by the advent of computers
B.The cause of "Internet autism" is because of the computer
C.No contact with people is a cause of "Internet autism"
D.Dealing with computers for a long time is harmful to human health

d
There is a multiple choice test paper with a total of 6 sub-questions.The scoring criteria are: 8 points for a correct answer, 0 points for a wrong answer, and 2 points for a non-answer.
A classmate scored 20 points, but he?
A.Answer at least one question correctly
B.There are at least three sub-questions
C.Answer at least three small questions correctly
D.Two wrong answers

b
The cost of producing a car engine in Country X is 10% lower than that of Country Y.Even with tariffs and transportation costs, importing a car engine from Country X is still cheaper than producing it in Country Y.
Can we know from this?
A.Labor costs in country X are 10% lower than in country Y
B.Tariffs for importing automotive engines from country X are less than 10% of production costs in country Y
C.The cost of a car engine by country X is higher than 10% of the cost of building a car engine in country Y
D.The cost of producing a car engine from country X is 10% of country Y

b
An insurance company launched a "Star of Hope" insurance business, which requires parents of 5-year-old children to pay an annual insurance premium of 600 yuan and reach the age of 14 to enjoy all the tuition fees of children going to college in the future.
which is the most appropriate reason for parents not to participate in insurance?
A.Parents are not sure which university children will attend in the future
B.The total 10-year cumulative insurance premium is greater than the total tuition for college in the future
C.It is estimated that the growth rate of tuition fees for college each year is greater than the growth rate of living expenses
D.This business does not include the cost of boarding

c
All competent managers are concerned about the welfare of their subordinates, and all managers who are concerned about the welfare of their subordinates are very enlightened in meeting personal needs; all managers who are not enlightened in meeting personal needs are not capable managers.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Unable managers care about the welfare of subordinates
B.Some competent managers are not enlightened in meeting personal needs
C.All competent managers are enlightened in meeting personal needs
D.Incompetent managers are enlightened in meeting personal needs

c
Research on the safety of construction and manufacturing shows that when the workload of an enterprise increases, the injury rate also increases.When the workload increases, the company always employs a large number of unskilled workers.There is no doubt that the increase in the injury rate Caused by inefficiency of unskilled workers.
which is the strongest refutation of the above point?
A.When the load increases, the company hires unskilled workers for temporary work only
B.Injuries in construction are higher than in manufacturing
C.As long as the workload of the company increases, the accident rate of skilled workers will always increase.
D.Companies that need to hire new people should strengthen vocational training

b
In order to solve the long-term severe rodent damage in a certain area, a company produced a laser mousetrap priced at 2500 yuan.The mouse trapping effect and use performance of this product are first-rate.The manufacturers have made extensive advertising for the launch of this product.But the result is that the product is still out of market.
It can be seen from this that the most likely reason for this company's failure to develop the new product is?
A.Failure to make consumers aware of the advantages of the product
B.Ignoring consumer affordability
C.People don't need rat traps
D.People have not heard of this product

a
A.B, C, and D are classmates.A said, "My classmates are all group members." B said, "Ding is not a group member." C said, "Some people in my class are not group members." Ding said, "B is not member."
Knowing that only one person is telling a lie, can the following judgment be inferred to be true?
A.It is A who is telling the truth, B is not a member
B.It is B who is telling lies, C is not a member
C.It is D who tells the truth, B is not a member
D.It is A who is telling the truth, and C is not a member

b
There are five students A.B, C, D, and E playing chess together.There is only one game between each two.The number of games is counted: A has 4 games, B has 3 games, and C has 2 games.Set, D match 1 set.
which is the number of students in the E race?
A.1 plate
B.2 plate
C.3 plate
D.4 plate

d
There is a table tennis doubles match in the stadium.The audience discusses the ages of athletes A.B, C and D on both sides: (1) "B is older than A." (2) "A is older than his partner."(3)" C is older than his two opponents."(4)" The age gap between A and B is larger than the age gap between C and B."
According to these arguments, which of the following is the order of the ages of A.B, C, and D from large to small?
A.A.C, B, D
B.C, B, A.D
C.B, A.D, C
D.B, C, A.D

d
An ambitious young man wants to invent a solution that can dissolve everything.
Which of the following advices will best change this young man?
A.Many people have already tried this and none have been successful.
B.Theoretical research proves that such a solution does not exist.
C.Researching this solution requires complex processes and equipment, and your conditions are not available.
D.After this solution has been developed, what container do you plan to use to hold it?

a
According to the People's Daily on November 22, 2000, from January to October of that year, Jilin Province's industrial profits reached 7.64 billion yuan, an increase of nearly 6 times over the same period last year.State-owned enterprises reduced losses by 1.5 billion yuan, a decrease of 42.2%; The profit was 6.74 billion yuan, an increase of 8 times.The two indicators are at the forefront of the country.
From this we know that according to the statistics from January to October of that year,?
A.The state-owned enterprises in Jilin Province have achieved overall turnaround
B.The state-owned enterprises in Jilin Province have not yet achieved overall turnaround
C.Jilin Province's industrial growth rate is among the best in the country
D.Jilin Province has made significant progress in establishing a modern enterprise system

d
In winter, a city's bus system added temporary buses on many lines to supplement bus transportation on these lines, but the phenomenon of crowding passengers on the original line has not been alleviated for a period of time.
In the following statements, what does not help explain the above phenomenon?
A.Of the passengers on these routes, a sudden increase in the number of migrant workers in the winter
B.For a period of time, people have no idea about the stop and operating time of newly added temporary buses.
C.The number of temporary buses increased during the daily peak hours
D.The driver conductor of the temporary bus has signed a contract with the company

c
Only those who are highly skilled in fishing can join the fishing association; all people in the fishing association wear sun hats; some retired veterans are members of the fishing association; no one in a certain street can fish.
Which one cannot be confirmed from this?
A.Some retired comrades wear sun hats
B.No one on this street is a member of the Fishing Association
C.Some people on the street wear sun hats
D.Some retired old comrades have superb fishing skills

d
The popularity and reputation reflect the degree of public awareness and appreciation of an organization, both of which are the goals pursued by public relations.The image of an organization depends on its popularity and reputation.What needs to be clear is: Only by continuously increasing the popularity can the reputation of the organization be continuously improved.The popularity can only have a positive effect based on the reputation.At the same time, the reputation must be conditional on the reputation to fully display its social value.
From this, which of the following is the relationship between popularity and reputation?
A.High visibility and high reputation
B.High popularity and low reputation
C.Only with high reputation can high visibility
D.Only with high visibility can reputation be high

c
Credit consumption is very popular in some economically developed countries.Many consumers meet the demand for durable consumer goods such as housing, cars, and household appliances by advancing income that they have not yet reached.In countries with developed consumer credit, the general concept of people is: they cannot be debt Explain that your reputation is poor.
If the above statement is true, which of the following statements must be premised?
A.In developed countries, consumer credit has become an important means for commercial banks to expand operations and strengthen competition.
B.Consumer credit is beneficial to both the country and the people, and the country can use the interest rate reduction to stimulate consumption to buy more goods.
C.The society has established a complete and strict credit network, and banks can inquire and monitor the economic status of creditors.
D.Insurance companies can provide insurance to lenders to protect the safety of bank assets.

a
For the Olympic Games sponsors to achieve commercial success through the Olympic Games, it is not enough to simply add a "five rings" or set up a tent to attract tourists.In the past 15 years, as a global sponsor of the Olympic Games, VISA International organizations believe that to effectively use this world's largest sports and cultural event, it is not simply a matter of throwing money into the Olympic flame.
From this we know?
A.Commercial success through sponsorship of the Olympics requires effective marketing
B.Sponsorship of the Olympic Games is an activity that throws money into the Olympic flame
C.VISA International is the world's largest sponsor of the Olympic Games
D.VISA International does not set up tents to solicit tourists

b
Not long ago, there were still many people engaged in typography, morning newspaper delivery and mechanical typing, and some were technical masters in these occupations.Today, these occupations have disappeared from society.Due to the development of genetic technology, it may help Human beings have solved the problem of "myopia".After a few years, the very prosperous eyewear industry may also disappear.
From this we know?
A.Some new professions will be born
B.Some people's career change is related to technological development
C.In the future, many people will have at least two occupations in their lifetime
D.Lifelong education is the mega trend of future education development

d
The Interpol team needs to strengthen the strength of the anti-drug group.Regarding who is in the team to participate in the group, Which of the following opinions have been agreed: (1) If A participates, then B also participates; (2) If C does not participate, D participates; 3) If A does not participate and C participates, then captain E attends; (4) captain E and vice captain cannot participate at all; (5) the superior decides that the vice captain has participated.
Based on the above opinions, Which of the following reasoning is completely correct:
A.A.Ding, have participated
B.C, D, have participated
C.A.D, have participated
D.A.B, D, have participated

d
China Mobile Communications Company has invested heavily in expanding the coverage area of mobile communication services.As a result, the number of users increased by 25% that year, but the total profit fell by 10%.
The most likely reasons are:
A.The total consumption of new users of China Mobile is relatively low
B.China Mobile's phone bill has dropped significantly
C.China Mobile's management problem
D.China Mobile has invested too much in expanding the market

c
Below is a weather forecast for a day in four cities of Jinan, Zhengzhou, Hefei, and Nanjing.Four cities are known to have three weather conditions, and the weather in Jinan and Hefei is the same.Zhengzhou and Nanjing have no rain that day.
Which of the following inferences are incorrect:
A.Light rain in Jinan
B.Zhengzhou is cloudy
C.Hefei sunny
D.Nanjing Sunny

b
On May 29B, nearly 10,000 people across the United States held a large-scale rally against war and racism in Washington, calling on the U.S.government not to use violent means to respond to the "9.11 '" terrorist incident.
The most unlikely of the following slogans to appear in the rally are:
A.War cannot restore our loved ones
B.Severe Punishment for "9 · 11 '’
C.Don't wage war on our behalf
D.People do not need war and racism

d
A country's economy is dominated by agriculture.In 2001, it suffered a severe drought that never happened in a century.
The most likely inferences are:
A.Low agricultural productivity in the country
B.The country is an economically developed country
C.Low national income and low standard of living in the country
D.The country's economy is heavily influenced by climate

c
If someone is a murderer, he was on the scene at the time of the crime.
Based on this, we can launch:
A.Zhang San was at the scene when the crime was committed, so Zhang San was a murderer
B.Li Si was not a murderer, so Li Si was not at the scene
C.Wang Wu was not present at the time of the incident, so Wang Wu was not a murderer
D.Xu Liu is not on the scene, but Xu Liu is a murderer

b
All cases involving state secrets are not publicly heard.
Based on this, we can launch:
A.Cases that are closed to the public are cases involving state secrets
B.None of the publicly heard cases are related to state secrets
C.Certain cases involving state secrets can be heard publicly
D.Some cases that do not involve state secrets can be heard in private

b
One night, a store was stolen.The public security organs came to the following conclusions through investigation: (1) the thief was either A or B; (2) if A was a thief, the crime time was before zero; (3 ) The store's lights went out at zero, and A had already returned home; (4) If B's statement was not true, then the crime time was not before zero; (5) The store's lights were not turned off at only zero, B Is true.
The thieves who can draw this case are:
A.A
B.B
C.A or
D.A and B

a
Humanities, social sciences and natural sciences have unity and commonality at a higher level.In the field of humanities and social sciences in China, many fake and shoddy products are produced under the pretext of different academic norms of humanities and social sciences and natural sciences, and have even been praised of.
From this we can conclude:
A.Humanities, social sciences and natural sciences need to abide by common academic norms
B.Humanities and social sciences need to introduce academic norms of natural sciences
C.Natural science must lead to academic norms of humanities and social sciences
D.The two academic norms of the humanities, social sciences and natural sciences are independent of each other

d
Administrative punishment: refers to an administrative act in which an administrative counterpart violates administrative management and should be punished according to law.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts are administrative penalties:
A.The county land administration issued a warning to the subordinate land management director
B.Decision of the People's Government of a City on the Disputed Land Ownership of A and B Village Committees
C.The seizure of an account of a company suspected of illegality by a municipal tax bureau
D.A county construction committee makes a decision on the county people's government's alleged illegal construction within a time limit for demolition

a
Criminal preparation: refers to the act of preparing tools and creating conditions for crime.
According to the above definition, among the following acts, the act of A is criminal preparation:
A.A.B, C, and D are planning to steal at a supermarket one night, and A will provide a tricycle.At that time, A will not go because of the harm.Then B, C, and D will use the tricycle provided by A to steal the supermarket A large number of expensive watches.
B.B has revenge, and then seeks revenge.One day, when A learns that B is at home, he carries a dagger and walks to B's house.Sudden abdominal pain on the way, he has to return home.
C.On a certain day, he carried a dagger to B ’s house and was going to kill B ’s anger.He was patrolled by the joint defense personnel on the way.A was very scared and returned to his home.
D.A shoots at enemy Z in the bush and fires two shots without hitting B.B asks for forgiveness because of fear.A can no longer shoot if he can continue firing.

d
Joint crime: Refers to an intentional crime committed by two or more people.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts are joint crimes:
A.A wants to kill B.He deliberately gives C with the bulleted gun, and tricks C into saying that it is an empty gun, and asks C to target B to intimidate B.As a result, B is shot dead.A and C constitute a joint crime.
B.Zhao's wife proposed a divorce, Zhao resolutely opposed it, and discussed countermeasures with her friend Gao Mou.Gao Mou said that she would find a way to hurt her face and prevent her from marrying again.So the two conspired to buy a bottle of strong acid.Inside the sprayer, and agreed to go to Zhao's wife's house together one night to destroy his wife's appearance.That night, Gao's child suffered from acute dysentery and Gao missed the appointment.Zhao alone destroyed his wife's appearance.Zhao and Gao formed Joint crime
C.A deposits the shotgun held by him according to law, and on a certain day, A to B.It is stated to B that if he wants to use the shotgun to kill C, please return the shotgun, and then A holds the gun to kill C.A and B constitute a joint crime
D.Zhang and Li conspired to bring a control knife into a narrow street and rob him late at night after conspiracy.Zhang called Li to stop at the street to prevent others from coming in.He went deep into the street and robbed a woman of cash 3000.Yuan.Zhang Yu swallowed this paragraph alone, and told Li that the woman had no penny, Li Xin thought it was true.Zhang and Li's behavior was a joint crime

c
Participation in administrative reconsideration: refers to the parties to an administrative dispute and those who have an interest in a specific administrative act of an administrative dispute and participate in an administrative reconsideration.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not included in the administrative review:
A.Respondent of administrative review
B.Third party for administrative review
C.Administrative reviewer
D.The third lawyer appointed for administrative review

c
Unfair competition: An enterprise uses improper or unfair means to increase the market share of its products, creating an unfair market environment for competitors producing similar products, and seriously harming the interests of its competitors.
By definition, Which of the following behaviors are not unfair competition:
A.Microsoft bundles IE viewers in its operating system.Users also purchase IE viewers when they buy the operating system, resulting in a large number of users no longer buying additional browsers from competitors Netscape
B.In the 1980s, IBM invested a lot of money in the development of key technologies for supercomputers.After successful application for patents, IBM in the 1990s overwhelmed the field of supercomputers.
Both C.A and B companies produce weight-loss medicines.In order to expand market share and increase sales profits, A company advertised on TV stations and some newspapers, pointing out the shortcomings and side effects of company B's drugs, which led consumers to refuse to buy company B's products
In order to compete with Company B for market share, D.A produced a movie advertisement showing that a fighter with the emblem A dropped a heavy bomb on the warship (labeled B)

a
Health: refers to a person with normal intelligence, reasonable behavior, ability to adapt to normal work, social interaction or learning, and resistance to general diseases.
According to the definition of health, Which of the following are healthy:
A.University professor Lao Li, although in his fifties, is still energetic at work and has contracted flu this spring
B.Zhang Chong's 19-year-old son, Xiao Cong, was in his second year of elementary school when he was 11 years old, but he didn't have any serious illness since childhood.
C.Xiao Hu's work performance has been excellent after graduating from master's degree.After an accident, when the work pressure is relatively high, he will be mentally disordered.
D.Xiao Liu is in good health, works very hard, and respects his parents, but many colleagues say that he is weird and would not associate with him

d
Artificial intelligence: It can imitate human intelligence and behavior, and can sense the environment and decision planning in a complex and changeable unknown environment, so as to actively perform tasks or complete set goals.
By definition, Which of the following are in the category of artificial intelligence:
A.Fully automatic washing machine can automatically complete a series of washing processes such as water injection, washing, water changing and spin-drying after the user adds clothes.
B.The assembly line robot can complete the assembly of different parts of different machines and equipment according to the parameters set by the engineer in advance
C.The personality test software can calculate according to the tester's various input parameters and according to the designed algorithm, so as to give the testee's personality description
D.The newly developed robot dog of Sony Corporation in Japan can identify men and women according to their wearing and appearance characteristics, and greet different people with "Hello Mr." and "Hello Miss" respectively.

d
Right of privacy: It is the right of individuals to keep their personal actions and personal materials confidential and to prevent others from illegally knowing in order to protect their reputation and image without violating the law.
Which of the following are subject to privacy:
A.The right of a star to refuse to disclose to the judicial authorities the details of his dealings with a suspected corruption victim
B.The right of the suspect to keep to the judiciary secrets of his actions at the time of the crime
C.A suspected corruptionist's right to keep the source of his income secret from the media
D.A married official does not recognize the right of an extramarital affair with a woman to the news media

d
Precipitation usually occurs when a high pressure peak encounters a low pressure peak.Meteorologists measure the speed of two peaks moving towards each other to determine when and where they meet to predict precipitation.
Knowing from this?
A.Meteorologists are responsible for predicting precipitation
B.Low pressure peaks always move towards high pressure peaks
C.Precipitation does not necessarily require the appearance of low pressure peaks
D.Some precipitation predictions are based on the general response of high and low pressure peaks

a
Whether the world's food demand can be balanced depends on the speed of population and economic growth.Population growth will lead to an increase in food intake; on the other hand, economic growth will increase the consumption of livestock products and change people's food structure, thus affecting global Grain demand has an impact.
Knowing from this?
A.Population growth will affect global cereal demand
B.Changing food structure will reduce global cereal demand
C.Economic growth can reduce global cereal demand
D.Population growth will lead to an increase in world consumption of livestock products

b
In the past 15 years, there have been great innovations in world technology, especially in communications, information and electronics.No doubt, technological advances have improved production, and strengthening technological power is an important factor in promoting economic growth.
Knowing from this?
A.The world economy has grown rapidly in the last 15 years
B.Technological innovation can promote production development
C.Production development has adverse effects on technological progress
D.Technological progress determines economic growth

a
On the one hand, due to bad weather, and on the other hand, major pepper growers have switched to high-priced cocoa, so in the past three years, the world's pepper production has been much lower than sales.Therefore, the current pepper supply is quite short As a result: the price of pepper has risen, and it is already comparable to cocoa.
Knowing from this?
A.World market pepper stocks are declining
B.World pepper consumption has remained high for three years
C.Pepper growers are expanding the area under which pepper is grown
D.Cocoa prices are currently lower than they were three years ago

c
Customers are not as easy to manipulate as they are usually described.They know what they need.What they need may be very different from what others think they need.
Knowing from this?
A.Advertising investment is not directly proportional to product sales
B.Most people shop for a brand that has not changed for many years
C.Most customers know what brand to buy before entering the store
D.Customers generally don't like the introduction or suggestions of others when they shop in the store

b
It is strange that Rococo style first appeared in France.Louis XIV's rule lasted too long, and the era of over-religion to the old dynasty finally came to an end.Since then, people have gathered in the exquisite salons of the Paris mansions.At first, Rococo was a new type of decoration, serving the elegant, intelligent society that loves adventure, exoticism, whimsy, and nature.This lightness, The exquisite style is most suitable for modern apartments.The rooms are small but have valuable uses.Rococo is very cautious when entering the country with the baroque style.
which is the correct inference from this passage?
A.Light and exquisite Baroque interior decoration style popular in France during the Louis XIV period
B.Rococo style first appeared in France because the French love adventure and whimsy
C.Modern apartments are all Rococo, so their rooms are not large but they have precious uses
D.Compared to the Baroque style, the Rococo style does not seek to be majestic and noble

c
One of the truths of the advertising industry is that there is rarely a need to use content in advertisements.All an advertisement has to do is to attract the attention of potential customers, because memory will make everything happen.In terms of product sales, customers The memory of a product is more important than the knowledge of certain characteristics of the product.
Does this indicate the author's point of view?
A.The advertising industry doesn't know much about the products it promotes
B.It is not difficult to attract the attention of potential customers
C.People don't need to have a deep understanding of a product to be able to remember it
D.Ads that are only intended to attract the attention of potential customers lack authenticity

c
A family has 6 children and 3 children are girls.5 of them have freckles and 4 of them have curly hair.
Does this indicate that it is possible?
A.Two boys have curly hair but no freckles
B.None of the three freckled girls have curly hair
C.Neither freckled boy has curly hair
D.Only one boy with freckles has freckles

c
A table of apples, others usually pick one or two, three or four.Picasso is the most energetic, each bite, and each apple has his tooth marks."A Chinese artist evaluates Picasso.Picasso He has done sketching, oil painting, sculpture, printmaking, stage design, writing novels, scripts and prose poems without punctuation.
Can we infer from this text?
A.Picasso eats apples, and each bites only one.Chinese writers disagree
B.Many people have been involved in many types of art like Picasso
C.Picasso's creative attempts in many aspects of the arts
D.Picasso is a genius, without the field of art he does not involve

a
Four thieves (each stole something) were questioned.A said: each person stole only a watch; B said: I only stole a diamond; C said: I did not steal the watch; D said: some No one stole his watch.After further investigation by the police, it was found that only one person had told the truth during the interrogation.
Which of the following judgments is correct?
A.Everyone stole the watch
B.Everyone didn't steal the watch
C.Some people don't steal their watches
D.B stole a diamond

a
As an architect, Lyon is not the best.But as a person, he is undoubtedly great.He always adheres to his principles and gives a noble soul a beautiful residence, even if he encounters the greatest resistance To find a way to the other side of victory.
which is wrong with the following expression?
A.Ryan's resistance comes from his not-so-good building talent
B.Greatness is to adhere to your principles even when you encounter difficulties
C.Ryan made a beautiful home for his soul
D.No amazing results in work nor hinder one from becoming a great person

b
As the only South American team remaining in the World Cup, Brazil will face out the English team that eliminated Denmark in the next match.Brazilian coach Scolari is reluctant to talk about how to compete with England, and his players have also maintained Sober-headed.After defeating the tenacious Belgian team, Scolari was relieved: "The first thing I think in my mind now is to relax."
which of the following can't we know from the above?
A.Brazil will never play against South American teams in this World Cup
B.Scolari is reluctant to talk about a match against England as he is not fully prepared
C.The match against Belgium was tough, so Scolari was relieved after the game
D.England must beat Denmark before playing against Brazil

c
A famous economist said that a market economy is an open economy, and China's willingness to fight back for WTO entry is fundamentally an inevitable choice caused by domestic market-oriented reforms.The solution of many problems in China depends on external forces From a deeper and broader perspective, the WTO is the last important international organization to which China has joined.This is the last major diplomatic action of China's independence in the forest of nations of the world.Some have pointed out that the political significance of WTO accession is greater than the economic significance.
Based on the above, which of the following can't be concluded?
A.After joining the WTO, China has fully returned to the international stage
B.After joining the WTO, China has joined all important international organizations
C.After joining the WTO, China's political development will be faster than economic development
D.Without China's domestic market-oriented reforms, it will be difficult to achieve the results of WTO accession

a
Labor dispute: Refers to a dispute caused by differences in labor rights and duties between workers and users of labor.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is acts that are labor disputes?
A.Worker A argues with the factory for failing to obtain insurance compensation due to a work injury
B.Conflicts between Enterprise A and Enterprise B due to secondment of a certain employee
C.Worker A has a dispute with the local labor department due to work transfer
D.Staff A and Staff B in a factory have conflicts due to different work opinions

b
The subject matter of the lawsuit refers to a civil legal relationship or right that the disputes of the parties require the people's court to resolve through trial.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is subject matter?
A.A 1,000 yuan loan between the original and the defendant
B.The reputation that occurred between the defendants was harmed by defamation
C.The relationship between the prosecution and the prosecution between the original and the defendants
D.The robbery between the plaintiff and the defendant, and the victim relationship

d
Gift contract: A contract in which one party of a contract gives his property to the other party for free.The party giving the property is the donor and the party receiving the property is the recipient.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is actions that may form a gift contract?
A.A will provide his own residence to friends B for free while studying abroad
B.A gives her own chicken farm to the son-in-law who promised to give her own care
C.A invites B to run his own company and give the other party 80% of the shares
D.A computer dealer gave 15 new computers to his alma mater during the school celebration

a
Social insurance: It is a system adopted by the state to distribute and redistribute national income through compulsory means to form a special consumption fund, and to provide workers with social assistance to protect their basic lives when they lose their ability to work or lose employment opportunities.
Which of the following is social insurance?
A.Work injury insurance
B.Veterans Placement Fee
C.State grants life relief to people in flood-stricken areas
D.Passenger personal injury insurance

b
The crime of embezzlement of duty: It refers to the behavior of a company, enterprise, or other unit that uses its convenience to illegally occupy the property of the unit as its own, a relatively large amount of behavior.
Which of the following acts is the crime of embezzlement?
A.Wang is a taxi driver who owns the items worth 5,000 yuan lost in his car.
B.Liu is a material worker at a construction site of a construction company.He is responsible for the transfer of site formwork and other items.He sold the company's building formwork to a passing car owner several times, and sold a total of 20,000 yuan.
C.Liu is the custodian of the unit.One day he took a 200 yuan tape recorder home for his son while other colleagues were not paying attention.
D.Zhao is an accountant of a large steel company.In order to increase the company's profits, he made false accounts, which caused the company to evade taxes by up to 2 million yuan.

c
Bribery: Refers to the behavior of state personnel to take advantage of their position to solicit others 'property, or illegally accept others' property to seek benefits for others.
Is the following behavior a bribery?
A.A construction company draws the mayor with a woman's color to influence the project bidding and bid implementation
B.Director Li of a city's administrative bureau for industry and commerce, due to personal grievances, deliberately made it difficult for Zhang to apply for starting a company.Zhang gave money and asked Liu, who was familiar with Director Li, to clear it for him.Liu received 5,000 from Zhang Money, but did not do any dredge work
C.Yang is the deputy head of a county and is in charge of foreign trade.Yang is greedy by nature and believes that everyone below should pay him tribute.However, he was afraid of getting his hands dirty, so he instructed his wife to go to the county's jurisdiction.The foreign trade companies called and asked them to show their filial piety.For the future of the company, the bosses of the companies gave Yang a gift in small packets.
D.Li, a salesman of a large advertising company, often uses his identity to collect benefits and rebates paid by the other party in his business dealings with other companies.

d
No more punishment in one case: Refers to the same illegal act of the parties, and no administrative penalty of two or more fines.
Which of the following practices do not meet the requirements of no penalty?
A.Zhang returned to China with a reportable item and did not declare it to the customs.The customs determined that Zhang's behavior constituted smuggling, confiscated the item, and fined him a fine of RMB 2,000.
B.The self-employed Yang was found by the "Pig Office" law enforcement officers to have no tax payment certificate when he was selling live pigs, and refused to declare tax.The "Pig Office" law enforcement officers then notified the public security organs to hold them for cross-examination for the purpose of obstructing public affairs for 48 hours.Based on the facts identified by the "Pig Management Office", the branch bureau imposed a fine of 900 yuan on Yang's failure to declare tax in accordance with the provisions of the "Tax Collection Law".
C.There is a restaurant in a county, which started business without registration with the industry and commerce department and the tax department, and was fined by the industry and commerce department six months later.The county local tax bureau passed the investigation and issued a Notice on Tax Administrative Penalties for the restaurant.Taxation Decision, Tax Administrative Penalty Decision, ordering them to pay taxes, and pay late fees and fines
D.A Jia is from Hebei and works in Beijing.Because having an extra child violates local regulations, he has paid social support in Beijing according to the decision of the family planning department of a certain district in Beijing., The family planning department where its household registration is located has also collected social support fees for the superb behavior of a certain person according to the relevant regulations of Hebei Province

c
Avoidance of conditional effects: When the aversive stimulus or unpleasant situation appears, the individual makes a certain response, thereby evading the aversive stimulus or unpleasant situation, and the probability of the reaction occurring in similar situations in the future increases.
Which of the following are not evasive conditions?
A.Detour and walk away after seeing garbage on the road
B.When you hit something hot, quickly retract your hand
C.Leaving temporarily when there is noise in the room
D.Fear of seeing strangers dare not take to the street

b
The right to information means that the citizen has the right to know what he should know, and the state should maximize the recognition and protection of the citizen's right to know and obtain information, especially the right to government information.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not related to the right to know?
A.Xiaoli is a child raised by her parents from another child.When she grows up, she needs to know her biological parents.
B.In order to satisfy the public's right to access information, a reporter tracked the star's life through covert shooting
C.Ms.Gao complained that a product did not indicate the product instructions and production date
D.British public insists on government accountability for Kelly suicide

c
Speculation is the purchase of goods for later (or temporary sale) in order to profit from changes in their prices.
According to the above definition, which of the following is speculation?
A.Ten years ago, Lao Zhang contracted 15 acres of orchards in the village that no one wanted, and now he relies on fruit trees to get rich.
B.Xiao Liu recently bought a pair of leather shoes and resold to friends because she didn't like the style
C.Lao Yang buys 2000 shares at a price of 10.03 yuan and sells it at 11.00 yuan
D.Mr.Wang bought a house for his own living.After the house price rose, Mr.Wang sold the house to make a profit.

a
Administrative avoidance refers to a process in which civil servants of administrative agencies have an interest in the legal affairs they handle in the course of exercising their powers.In order to ensure the fairness of the results of the entity's processing and the progress of the procedures, the execution of their duties is terminated in accordance with the law and is represented by others Legal System.
Based on the above definition, which of the following situations violates the rule of administrative avoidance?
A.Husband is the direct executive leader of his wife
B.Teacher promotes his students
C.Police stationed abroad
D.The judge tried his friend's son

b
Improper gains refer to the fact that benefits are obtained by non-statutory causes, causing losses to others.
According to the above definition, what does the following not constitute A and B improperly profitable?
A.It ’s raining a lot.
B.Reimbursement of RMB 20,000 for Party A
C.On July 5, A and B entered into a contract to purchase rice.On July 10, A paid 20,000 yuan to B according to the contract.On July 15, B refused to pay for rice.On August 1, A unilaterally cancelled the contract
D.A owes D 20,000 yuan.A mistakes B as D and repays 20,000 yuan to B.

c
The taxpayer of personal income tax refers to the individual who has a residence in China or has no residence and has lived in China for one year and has obtained income from inside and outside China.Individuals who receive income from China within one year.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is taxpayers who do not belong to China's personal income tax?
A.Henry is American.Applying to teach at Beijing Wall Street English School for 6 months
B.Tom is British.Applying to teach at Beijing Wall Street English School for 2 years
C.Gao Hong is a Chinese American.Within two months of returning home to visit relatives, the company she worked in in the U.S.still paid her wages.
D.Li Yang is a professor at Peking University.She published a book in Singapore and received a fee

b
Test reliability refers to the objectivity of the test, and refers to the degree to which a test reflects the true level of the candidate.
According to the above definition, which one has little effect on the reliability of the test?
A.In the same composition, Mr.Wang gave 50 points, but Mr.Li gave only 40 points
B.Many girls did not answer this question about football matches correctly
C.The weather is particularly sultry on the day of the test, affecting the performance of many students
D.Teacher Li took two big questions before the test, and the students were very happy after the test

c
Administrative enforcement refers to the act of citizens, legal persons or other organizations that fail to perform their obligations under the law or the obligations set out in administrative decisions made by administrative agencies in accordance with the law, and the relevant state organs force them to perform their obligations or reach the same status as they perform their obligations.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is non-administrative enforcement acts?
A.A tax authority closed a merchant's shop that was in arrears of taxes and fees, forcing it to pay taxes
B.A city's people's court auctions the private property of a self-employed individual to ensure the implementation of legal documents related to it
C.The National Certification and Accreditation Administration officially announced the new compulsory product certification system and enforced it
D.A court confiscated a police car from the Municipal Public Security Bureau, asking it to compensate the successful party in accordance with legal documents

a
Absolute antonyms: also known as complementary antonyms, these antonyms are mutually exclusive in the sense that positive A must negate B, positive B must negate A; meanwhile, negative A must affirm B, and negative B must affirm A.
According to the definition above, which of the following is the following set of absolute antonyms?
A.Complete-Incomplete
B.Happy-angry
C.Cold-warm
D.Humble-noble

d
Census data from one country indicate that unmarried men over the age of thirty exceed unmarried women of this age, with a ratio of about ten to one.Most of these men do want to get married.However, obviously, unless many of them People marry foreign women, otherwise most people will remain unmarried.
The above discussion is based on which of the following assumptions?
A.More women than men emigrate
B.Women in their thirties who are the same age as men in the country would rather remain unmarried
C.Most unmarried men in the country are unlikely to marry women older than them
D.Most unmarried men in the country are unwilling to marry non-native women

c
Statistics for 998 show that the three chronic diseases that pose the greatest threat to the health of Chinese people are ranked according to their incidence in the total population, followed by hepatitis B, arthritis and hypertension.Among them, the incidence of arthritis and hypertension The rate increases with age, and the incidence of hepatitis B in all ages is not significantly different.The average age of the Chinese population will increase significantly from 1998 to 2010 and gradually enter aging society.
Based on the information provided by the stem, which of the following conclusions is most appropriate?
A.By 2010, the highest incidence will be arthritis
B.By 2010, the highest incidence will remain hepatitis B
C.The average age of hepatitis B patients will increase between 1998 and 2010
D.By 2010, there will be more elderly patients with hepatitis B than non-elderly patients

a
A crime research report revealed that 60% of serious criminal crimes in a city in the past three years were recorded by 350 recidivists.The report also revealed that more than half of the perpetrators of serious criminal cases were drug users.
If the above assertions are all true, then which of the following assertions must be true?
A.There may be no drug users among the 350 recidivists
B.There must be drug users among 350 recidivists
C.Most of the 350 recidivists are drug users
D.Drug users mostly among 350 recidivists

b
Sometimes in order to treat some critically ill patients, the hospital allows heroin to be used as a painkiller.In fact, this should be prohibited.Drug traffickers can obtain heroin through this channel, causing serious harm to society.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument above?
A.Some painkillers can have the same analgesic effect as heroin
B.Heroin used for pain relief is insignificant compared to the amount used for illegal transactions
C.Heroin can be fatal if it is used in excessive amounts
D.Use of heroin during treatment does not make patients addicted

a
Although spinach is rich in calcium, it also contains a large amount of oxalic acid, which can effectively prevent the body from absorbing calcium.Therefore, if one wants to take enough calcium, he must use other calcium-rich foods.Replaces spinach.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument for the problem?
A.Rice does not contain calcium, but contains alkaline substances that neutralize oxalic acid and alter its properties
B.Calcium in dairy products is higher than spinach, and many people who regularly eat spinach also consume dairy products
C.In people's daily diet, in addition to spinach, in fact, a large number of vegetables contain calcium
D.In addition to calcium, spinach also contains other rich nutrients; in addition, oxalic acid only prevents the body from absorbing calcium, and does not prevent the absorption of other nutrients

d
Telephone companies across the country are currently starting to provide consumers with electronic operator systems.However, in the near term, manual operators will not be reduced.
Except which of the following, all other things help explain the above phenomenon?
A.The number of telephones that need help from operators has skyrocketed
B.Although it has been tested, the new electronic operator system needs further adjustments to fully function
C.If the manual operator is fired during the current contract period, the relevant party will be liable
D.The new electronic operator is twice as efficient as a manual operator.

c
This year, M City launched an unprecedented advertising campaign for cosmetics.However, the survey showed that only 25% of residents in M City actually use cosmetics.This shows that cosmetics companies' advertising investment is very blind.
Which of the following statements best reinforces the above conclusion?
A.Cosmetics companies advertise because of oversupply of products
B.30% of residents in M city actually used cosmetics last year
C.Most residents who do not use cosmetics do not care about their advertising
D.It is precisely because 25% of residents use cosmetics that they have to advertise

a
During the Second World War, merchant ships sailing on the ocean were often attacked by bombers, and many merchant ships had erected anti-aircraft guns on the ships.However, commercial ships swayed more severely at sea, and it was difficult to hit the aircraft with anti-aircraft guns After the war, researchers found that from the statistics of commercial ships that had erected anti-aircraft guns throughout the war, the shooting rate of downing enemy aircraft was only 4%.Therefore, the researchers believe that the anti-aircraft guns on commercial ships are worth more.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the researchers' conclusions?
A.During the war, the proportion of commercial vessels without anti-aircraft guns being sunk was as high as 25%; while the proportion of commercial vessels with anti-aircraft guns being sunk was less than 10%
B.Merchant ships with anti-aircraft guns may scare them away in some cases even if they cannot hit them
C.The cost of setting up the anti-aircraft gun is a big investment, and after the war, in order to operate efficiently, it will take another fund to dismantle the anti-aircraft gun.
D.Generally speaking, the cost of the above merchant ships for anti-aircraft guns only accounts for a very small part of the total value of the entire merchant ship.

a
The government should not allow tobacco companies to deduct advertising expenses from their operating income.In this case, tobacco companies will pay more taxes.Tobacco companies have to increase the price of their products, and the increase in product prices can play a role in reducing tobacco purchases.effect.
Which of the following is the premise of an argument?
A.Tobacco companies cannot reduce costs in other areas to offset overpaid taxes
B.Tobacco companies will no longer advertise if they need to pay high taxes
C.Cigarette sales will be greatly affected if tobacco companies do not advertise
D.Tobacco companies' increased taxes should be equal to increased profits

d
Several previous studies have shown that eating chocolate increases the risk of heart disease in consumers, and a newer, more reliable study has concluded that eating chocolate has nothing to do with the incidence of heart disease.Estimate this study After the results are announced, the consumption of chocolate will increase significantly.
Which of the following assumptions is based on the above inference?
A.Although some people know that eating chocolate increases the risk of heart disease, they still eat a lot
B.People never believe that eating chocolate is more likely to cause heart disease
C.Many people eat chocolate now because they have not heard that chocolate causes heart disease
D.Many people do n’t eat chocolate now because they believe that chocolate can cause heart disease

c
At the judging meeting, A.B, C, D, E, F, G, H compete for a gold award.Voted by an expert panel, the one with the most votes will win the gold award.If A has more votes than B and C has More than D, then E will receive a gold award.If B has more votes than A.or F has more votes than G, then H will receive a gold award.If D has more votes than C, then F will receive a gold award.
If the above conclusions are true, and in fact C has more votes than D, and E has not won a gold medal, which of the following must be true?
A.H award
B.F has more votes than G
C.A has no more votes than B
D.B has no more votes than F

b
A jewelry store was stolen.A.B, C, and D were arrested.The confessions of the four were as follows: A: The offender was C.B: D was a criminal.C: If I committed the crime, then D was the principal offender.It was not me who committed the crime.Only one of the four statements was false.
If the above is true, which of the following is true?
A.It is A who tells the truth, and B who commits the crime
B.It was Ding who told the truth and Cing Ding who committed the crime
C.B is the one who tells the truth, and C is the one who committed the crime
D.C is the one who tells the truth, and C is the one who committed the crime

d
A law firm has 12 staff members.(1) Some people will use computers; (2) Some people will not use computers; (3) The director will not use computers.
Only one of these three propositions is true.Which of the following correctly represents the number of people who will use computers at this law firm?
A.12 people will use it
B.12 No one will use it
C.Only one person will use
D.Unsure

c
A sign stood at the gate of Aristotle College, which said "People who do not understand logic must not enter." On this day, a group of people came, and they were all logic-savvy people.
If the words on the brand are accurately understood and strictly enforced, then only one of the following assertions is true.which is the true assertion?
A.They may not be allowed in
B.They must not be allowed in
C.They will definitely be allowed in
D.They cannot be allowed to enter

b
Work expansion refers to increasing the number or variability of work tasks at a horizontal level to diversify work.Job enrichment refers to giving employees more complex and more serialized work from the vertical to give employees greater control .
Is the following job enrichment?
A.Cafeteria folks work in the pasta, salad, vegetable, drink and dessert department rotations
B.The staff of the postal department has increased from being only dedicated to picking up mail to the postal department
C.In a transmission data system company, employees can often submit their favorite jobs and then transfer to new positions
D.At a research institute, a department head told her subordinates that they could do whatever research they wanted, as long as it was within budget and legal.

b
There are four ways to shape organizational behavior: positive reinforcement refers to the application of valuable results to increase the possibility of repeated occurrences of this behavior; negative reinforcement refers to the cancellation or avoidance of unwanted results; punishment refers to the treatment of disgusting results; Withdrawing or not giving enhanced results.
Which of the following are negative reinforcements?
A.Criticizing, scolding, assigning undesired tasks, firing, etc.
B.Set an unachievable goal for the employee so that he has never experienced success
C.Management lifts inspections for an employee whose behavior has improved
D.Give fun, challenging or informative work

d
Subjective idealism regards the subjective spirit (human feelings, experiences, ideas, wills, etc.) as the only true existence and the origin of the world, objective things and even the entire material world are the products of this subjective spirit.
Which of the following views belongs to subjective idealism?
A.The essence of the world is matter
B.The world is the product of absolute spirit
C.Destiny dominates the human world
D.I think, therefore I am

b
Self-fulfilling prophecy means that our expectations of others will affect the behavior of the other party, so that the other party will act in accordance with our expectations of him.
Which of the following are self-fulfilling prophecies?
A.Xiao Zhang was originally a very ordinary child, but his parents hoped to succeed, so he spared no expense to let him go to the best high school in the city, but in the end Xiao Zhang only attended an ordinary university
B.Xiao Zhang is an ordinary student in Teacher Li's class, but one day, an intelligence measurement expert told Teacher Li that Zhang was very talented in mathematics.So in the mathematics class, Teacher Li paid special attention to Xiao Zhang, and finally in half a year After the exam, Xiao Zhang's math score has greatly improved
C.Today is Xiaohong's birthday.She hopes that Dad can buy a birthday cake when he comes back from work.Sure enough, Dad bought a big box of birthday cakes after work.
D.Xiaoli has wanted to be an engineer since he was a child.When he graduated from college, he finally became a software engineer at a company.

d
Organizational citizenship refers to a behavior that is determined by employees on their own initiative and is not included in employees' formal job requirements, but it will undoubtedly promote the effectiveness of the organization.
Which of the following are organized citizenship behaviors?
A.Xiao Li was forced to work overtime on weekends
B.Xiao Li commutes on time
C.Xiao Li often conflicts with colleagues
D.Xiao Li often helps colleagues

d
Programmatic decisions can be determined.Decisions that have been made before have objectively correct answers and can be solved using simple rules, policies, and mathematical calculations.Non-programmed decisions are brand new, complex, and chaotic It follows that they have a variety of solutions, and each has its own advantages and disadvantages.
Which of the following are non-procedural decisions?
A.Construction workers construction
B.Steps for hospital admission
C.Regular inventory recording in the enterprise
D.Formulate a company development strategy

c
Peak experience refers to a kind of spiritual satisfaction and perfection that goes beyond the peak of time and self in the pursuit of self-realization after pursuing and satisfying basic needs in the process of pursuing self-realization.This feeling can only be understood but not uttered.
Which of the following are not part of the peak experience?
A.Psychological experience of athletes on the podium of the Olympic champion
B.Psychological experience of scientists when they receive the Nobel Prize
C.The audience witnesses the psychological experience of human beings when they first set foot on the moon
D.Psychological experience when studying hard for ten years and receiving the ideal university admission notice

b
Ad hoc modification refers to modifying a theory or adding some new assumptions in order to protect a scientific theory from the danger of being disproved, so that the theory is not provable or testable.
which of the following are ad hoc modifications?
A.The scholars of the Ptolemy system have continuously increased the number of rounds in order to make the "geocentric theory" consistent with the observed data of celestial bodies.By the 16th century, the total number of rounds of the Ptolemy system has increased to 80
B.Aristotle's followers insisted on the doctrine that all celestial bodies are perfect spheres, and proposed that the undetectable matter existing on the moon is full of recesses, so that the moon still maintains a perfect sphere shape
C.Einstein modified Newton's absolute space-time system in order to study particularly large and fast objects, and proposed a relative space-time system, which includes the theory of invariance of light speed and the theory of variable mass
D.Riemann et al.Created non-Euclidean geometry by modifying the fifth axiom of Euclidean geometry, taking mathematics a step forward

c
Civil law stipulates that a promise can be made by express or implied means.The so-called express is the promise method in which the actor directly expresses the meaning of the independent decision, including verbal and written instructions.
Which of the following are not in the express category?
A.Users apply for services by phone
B.The user goes to the business hall to apply for a credit card
C.Drive to a paid parking lot
D.Authorize friends to apply for services

c
An expert system is a computer system that has specific knowledge in a professional field and can solve problems or give suggestions in this field.It is a more successful example in the field of artificial intelligence.
According to the above definition, which of the following is expert systems?
A.Online banking system.Through this system, users can manage their accounts online
B.Office automation system.With electronic repeaters as the center, the word processor, fax machine, printer and other office equipment are organically combined for daily office use.
C.Dark Blue System.A computer system specially developed by IBM for chess competitions.
D.Bus query system.Through this system, users can query the stops of various buses

a
Credit leverage refers to an important means for the state to control and guide the use of funds and adjust the operation of the national economy by adjusting interest rates and determining different loan directions, loan amounts, and loan costs according to the state of the national economy.
According to the definition above, which of the following is the use of credit leverage?
A.State raises mortgage interest rates
B.Countries adjust RMB exchange rate
C.The company issues shares to attract social funds
D.People deposit money in the bank for interest

d
Natural unemployment is unemployment caused by some insurmountable reasons in the economy.It is unemployment that is unavoidable in any economy, and it is normal unemployment.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following do not belong to natural unemployment?
A.Zhang tried a month in a factory and suspected that the boss gave him a low salary, so he fired the boss' "squid"
B.Water flooded somewhere and destroyed the plant and equipment, and the factory director dismissed the workers who followed him for many years
C.An enterprise has been restructured according to the requirements of the city, and some female employees who have a low level of education and have reached the age of 45 have been laid off.
D.Li Mou helped a friend to ask for debt, and injured the debtor by accident.The company fired Li on the ground that Li violated labor discipline.

a
The crime of illegal business refers to behavior that violates state restrictions or prohibitions imposed by state regulations, disrupts market order, and has serious circumstances.
According to the above definition, what constitutes the crime of illegal business?
A.Wang, a certain district in a city in Zhejiang Province, registered "Xinyuan Economic and Trade Co., Ltd.", using sales commissions and development offline commissions to organize and absorb more than 9,800 marketers across the country for apparel, health products, leather goods, Multi-level marketing activities for fitness equipment and other products
B.Yang of the Northeast has registered a cosmetics wholesale and retail company online, and now has more than 10,000 registered members online.Most of these members order online and pay by bank transfer.
C.Chen and Li in Beijing advertised a non-existent beauty salon through publicity methods such as distributing leaflets in shopping malls and streets, deceiving more than 200 women into their membership, and profited by collecting membership fees.Eighteen thousand yuan
D.The teacher of the school library, who sells precious books donated by foreigners without permission, earning more than 8,000 yuan

b
Post-traumatic stress disorder is an ongoing effect of extreme calamity, that is, a continuous, unnecessary, and uncontrollable disorder that appears after trauma.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following are not post-traumatic stress disorder?
A.Most American soldiers returning from the Iraqi battlefield suffer from insomnia, anxiety and even severe mental illness
B.Yang Yang was bitten by a dog at the neighbor Aunt Zhang's house when he was a kid, and never wanted to go to Aunt Zhang again
C.Xiao Zhang was trapped in the elevator for more than five hours.At that time, he felt that he was not saved, and finally turned the risk, but from then on, Zhang often dreamed of being trapped in the elevator, and never dare to take the elevator again.
D.Witnessing the scene where his son A Mao was taken away by a wild beast, when the unsettled Xianglin was seen, he said, "I'm so stupid, really, I just know that when it snows, the wild beasts have no food in the mountains.Come to the village, I don't know that there will be spring ..."

d
Instigators are criminals who deliberately instigate others to commit a criminal intent.Their prominent feature is that they do not commit crimes themselves, but deliberately instigate others to have criminal intents and decide to commit crimes.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is instigators?
A.In a chat, Lin told Liu that he wanted to kill Ding.So Liu went to hire Ma to kill Ding.
B.Zheng was ill, and asked Lu to "ghost" him.Lu said nonsense that there was a problem in a certain graveyard.Zheng then nailed an iron rod to the grave under the guidance of Lu, and was pulled out by the grave owner.Later, Zheng was ill again, and suspected that the grave was acting strangely, so he decided to kill the grave owner and dispel the disaster for himself.So Zheng lied to the grave side and killed it with a kitchen knife.
C.In the computer class, when talking about the school's computer security system, the teacher casually said to the students that the design is perfect, and if anyone can enter the security system, the manufacturer will have a bonus.As a result, a 15-year-old child really entered this Secure the system and force it down
D.Wang instructed his son (14 years old) and neighbor's child Doudou (15 years old) to steal wires and other power transmission equipment and then resell them.After being discovered, Wang completely ignored and continued to let his son and Doudou steal.Power lines, causing short circuits, causing power outages in multiple villages and putting transmission lines in a dangerous state

c
Physical evidence refers to material traces and items that can prove the true situation of the case.The characteristics of physical evidence are its shape, quality, characteristics, and location, etc., which reflect the facts of certain cases, and people can hereby prove the facts of the case.
According to the above definition, which of the following is physical evidence?
A.A scene of a traffic accident on the highway, a scene taken by a traffic police while surveying the scene
B.In the case of a vicious homicide, witnesses who were reluctant to testify because of fear of retaliation
C.Stolen vehicles recovered by the police in a local operation against motor theft
D.The fingerprint identification report made by the appraiser based on the fingerprints taken by the police at the scene of the theft

b
Organ transplantation is divided into: ① autologous transplantation, which means that the graft is taken from the recipient itself; ② homologous transplantation, which means that the graft is taken from a donor whose genetic genes are identical or substantially similar to the recipient; Another body from the same species but different genetic genes; ④ Xenotransplantation means that the graft is taken from a heterogeneous animal.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the kidney transplant between identical twin sisters?
A.Autologous transplantation
B.Sibling transplantation
C.Allogeneic transplantation
D.Xenotransplantation

a
Administrative authorization refers to the legal act in which some or all of administrative powers and administrative duties are delegated to non-administrative social organizations to exercise.
According to the above definition, which of the following is administrative authorizations?
A.The "Plant Quarantine Regulations" stipulates that the plant quarantine institutions affiliated with agricultural departments at the county level and above are responsible for exercising plant quarantine rights.
B.A county government document states that the county water company exercises administrative power to conserve water and plan water use
C.The Constitution stipulates that the State Council exercises martial arts powers in parts of provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities
D.The director of the county environmental protection bureau requires a deputy director to act as the director during his absence

a
The Regulations on the Management of Energy Efficiency Labeling stipulates that the energy efficiency level 5 is the minimum energy efficiency standard and the minimum requirement for product launch.Below this requirement, production and sales are not allowed.Energy saving labels and energy efficiency labels are two different concepts.The certification standard for energy-saving refrigerators is energy efficiency level two, and all energy-saving products must meet the level two or higher energy efficiency standards.However, this does not mean that all products marked with a level two or level one energy efficiency label are energy-saving products.Certification can determine whether it is an energy-saving product.
Based on the above information, which of the following is conclusions correct?
A.Energy-saving products must be marked with a secondary or primary energy efficiency label
B.All products marked with energy efficiency are energy-saving products
C.It can be considered as an energy-saving product when it reaches the secondary energy efficiency standard
D.Energy efficiency products are qualified products and energy-saving products

c
Generally, the germs grow and reproduce at room temperature, and the low temperature environment stops growing and can only sustain life.However, Yersinia is the opposite, not only not afraid of low temperature and cold, but also multiply only at about 0 ℃.Food stored in refrigerator Keep Yersinia optimally.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Yersinia cannot survive at room temperature
B.The environment for general bacteria growth is also suitable for Yersinia growth
C.Yersinia's optimal growth temperature is not suitable for general pathogens
D.Only Yersinia exists in the refrigerator at 0 ℃

c
In the four rooms with room numbers 1, 2, 3 and 4 on the same side, there are four experts from South Korea, France, the UK and Germany.A reporter came to interview them.My room number is larger than that of Germans, and I ca n’t speak foreign languages, and I ca n’t communicate with my neighbors ”; ②The French say:“ I can speak German, but I ca n’t communicate with my neighbors ”; I can speak Korean, but I can only communicate with one of my neighbors "; ④The German said," I can speak the languages of our four countries."
So, according to the room number from small to large, which of the following is the nationality of the people living in the room?
A.UK Germany Korea France
B.France UK Germany South Korea
C.Germany UK France Korea
D.Germany UK Korea France

d
The system that requires cars to have seat belts is to reduce accidents, but under the protection of seat belts, drivers drive faster and accidents increase.Drivers are protected by seat belts, their injuries and injuries are reduced, and pedestrians ’injuries and injuries are increased..
This fact shows?
A.A system that does not consider the effect of implementation often fails.
B.The seat belt system must be introduced at the same time as the strict speed limit system
C.Car seat belts are measures to protect drivers by sacrificing the interests of passersby
D.Institutions produce undesired results at the same time

c
The space agency believes that outstanding astronauts should have three conditions: first, rich knowledge; second, skilled technology; and third, strong will.Currently there are four A.B, C, and D who meet at least one of the conditions Excellent pilots sign up for the election.Known: ①A and B have the same level of strong will ②B and C have the same level of knowledge ③C and D are not all knowledgeable ④Three of the four are knowledgeable, two of them are strong and one is skilled The NASA's investigation revealed that only one of them fully met all the requirements of a good astronaut.
he is?
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.Ding

c
In the early days of agricultural development, insect problems were rarely encountered.This problem arises with the development of agriculture-only one kind of grain is planted on a large area of land.Such planting methods have provided a surge in some insects.Advantages: Obviously, a wheat-eating insect multiplies much faster in farms that specialize in wheat than in other farms.
Which of the following does not explain the above statement? ?
A.A disease caused by beetles sweeps away sycamore trees on both sides of a city street
B.The pattern of controlling the suitable area of the habitat of a certain species of organism in accordance with the law of natural development
C.Species that have migrated to new areas have flourished as they have fled from their natural enemies to control it
D.Poplar pests will have limited reproduction speed in poplar forests mixed with other trees

a
There is a "plural illusion" among employees: in this era of diversity and openness, everyone believes that everyone is responsible for their own future, and that the choice of the future path is diverse and free.But looking at the reality, we know that this The goal of this choice is one dollar.Everyone swarmed to the city, staring at high-paid white-collar jobs, thinking that it was a choice of personality, and they actually merged into the same river.The pursuit of freedom is actually imprisoned by a closed mind-this is the "multi-illusion".
which of the following can be inferred from this?
A.Competition for higher-paying positions will be more intense
B.Multiple choices do not exist objectively
C.Employers do not actually have the right to choose freely
D.Society does not provide multiple choices for employees

c
There are reports that in the first half of this year, domestic mobile phone sales totaled more than 60 million, of which domestic mobile phones sold a total of 28 million.Therefore, some media have judged that domestic mobile phones have recovered.
Which of the following options, if true, would strongly support the above judgment? ?
A.Mobile phone sales statistics do not include parallel mobile phones, and parallel mobile phone sales are huge
B.In the first half of this year, the state took measures to restrict foreign brand mobile phones from entering the Chinese market
C.In the second half of this year, domestic mobile phone sales are much higher than other brand mobile phones, and continue to maintain this momentum
D.Mobile phone sales are calculated based on the number of network access licenses issued, but these mobile phones may not all enter the hands of users

a
Many people think that only the elderly who smoke will get lung cancer, but a recent statistics from a country shows that in recent years, the number of female deaths caused by lung cancer in this country is more than breast cancer, endometrial cancer and egg cancer combined.And the vast majority of women don't realize it at all.
which of the following can't be launched from this?
A.Lung cancer is the leading cause of death in the country's population and should be given great attention
B.The general view that men are more likely to develop lung cancer than women may be one-sided
C.Tobacco is not the only cause of lung cancer, and many factors are also involved in the pathogenesis of lung cancer
D.Lung cancer does not attract the attention of the majority of women because they believe that they cannot get lung cancer without smoking.

c
Vitamin E is an antioxidant that can scavenge free radicals in the body.Therefore, health food manufacturers promote vitamin E as a panacea for improving immunity, anti-cancer and anti-aging.Scientists have found through experiments that if the content of vitamin E in food is 5 micrograms per milliliter can significantly extend the lifespan of fruit flies, but if the content of vitamin E is increased to 25 micrograms per milliliter, the life span of fruit flies is shortened.In fact, free radicals in cells participate in many important life activities, such as cells Proliferation, intercellular communication, apoptosis, immune response, etc.
which is incorrect from this inference?
A.Free radicals have their unique effects and are indispensable to the body
B.Scientists' experiments on Drosophila reveal "before you go"
C.When the content of vitamin E exceeds 25 micrograms, it will endanger human life
D.Vitamins are necessary to sustain human life, but they can also be life threatening when taken in excess

a
In the future, the outer sheath of cables in deep sea water will be made of glass instead of special steel or aluminum alloys.Because the metal has a granular microstructure, under deep sea pressure, the metal sheath at the particle boundary is easy to break.And the glass looks Although solid, it flows under pressure and can therefore be considered a liquid.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Glass has no granular microstructure
B.Almost all solids can be considered as slow flowing liquids
C.Glass is more suitable for building materials than steel or aluminum alloy
D.Compared with steel, the granular microstructure of glass is more fluid

c
When subjected to high temperatures, the building construction materials emit unique sounds.The sound sensor alarms will detect these sounds and provide an early warning of a house fire, allowing occupants to escape before being smoked by smoke.Because smoke is a house fire The most common cause of casualties is the installation of an alarm will effectively reduce the casualties of a house fire.
Which of the following hypotheses, if correct, can best refute the above discussion? ?
A.If the sound sensor alarm is widely used, its high cost will be reduced
B.When completely burned, the sound of many building materials can be heard from hundreds of meters away
C.Many fires start on sofa cushions or mattresses indoors, generating a lot of smoke without making a sound
D.In some larger houses, multiple audible alarms are required to achieve adequate protection

c
A report on acid rain concluded that "most forests have not been damaged by acid rain." And opponents insisted that it should be summarized as, "most forests do not show obvious symptoms of acid rain damage, such as abnormal leaves, growth rate Slower or higher mortality."
Which of the following, if true, would best support the opponent's point of view? ?
A.Some forests in the area are currently being damaged by acid rain
B.The degree of damage caused by acid rain varies between different forests
C.Acid rain may be causing damage that is not yet apparent
D.Report does not compare acid rain damage to forests in this area with other areas

d
An aircraft engine manufacturer has developed a new engine with better safety performance than the old engine.In the first year when both new and old models of the engine were sold at the same time, the sales of the old engine exceeded that of the new engine, and the manufacturer concluded that It is concluded that security is not a top priority for customers.
Which of the following, if true, would most seriously undermine the manufacturer's conclusions? ?
A.There is no particularly large price difference between new and old engines
B.New engines can be used by all aircraft using older engines
C.Both private jet owners and airlines buy engines from this aircraft engine maker
D.Customers believe that older engines are better than newer models in terms of safety because they know more about the safety of older engines

a
Grain can be traded in the futures market before harvesting.If rice production is predicted to be insufficient, rice futures prices will rise; if rice production is predicted to be rich, rice futures prices will fall.Suppose this morning that meteorologists predict rice production from tomorrow There will be moderate rainfall in the region.Because sufficient humidity is very important for the current growth of rice, today's rice futures prices will drop significantly.
Which of the following, if true, would most seriously undermine the above point? ?
A.Agriculture experts announce today that a rice germ is spreading
B.Rice futures prices fluctuated more violently this quarter than in the previous quarter
C.Tomorrow's rainfall estimates predicted by meteorologists are likely to extend beyond cereal producing areas
D.Grains that do not receive enough moisture at the critical pollination stage will not yield a good harvest

b
Email marketing refers to a network marketing method that delivers valuable information to target users via email on the premise of the user's prior permission."Email marketing has three basic elements: based on user permissions, passing information through email, information It is valuable to users.If one of the three elements is missing, none can be called effective email marketing.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are valid email marketing items:
A.Xiao Wang became a member publication of a brand product in 2002.One year after the membership period expires, Xiao Wang decides to withdraw from the membership, but he fails to do so on the Internet, and the product continues to send information.
B.Xiao Li registered a free email address on a portal site, and stated that he was willing to receive information about health care and sports games when registering.After using the email address, the website often sent information about health care and product discounts to his email address..
C.Xiao Zhao Cao Jing left an address for a certain manufacturer, hoping that the other party would mail the relevant materials free of charge.Later, he received an email without the sender's name, address, identity, and the title was "Product Catalog." He was afraid the email There is a virus and it was deleted without opening it.
D.Xiao Gao received an email with the title: ‘Free gift card, direct consumption’.After opening it, he found that the recipient ’s column had only one address, but it was not his own email address, and he was puzzled.

a
Renewable resources refer to natural resources that can maintain or increase their reserves at a certain growth rate through natural forces, such as solar energy, atmosphere, water, etc., and the amount consumed by contemporary people will not reduce the amount consumed by future generations.Species such as wild animals and plants are basically stable without human damage.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following statements are true:
A.Wind blows green grasslands, and grasslands are renewable resources
B.Coal is formed by solar energy conversion.It is therefore a renewable resource
C.Many metal machines can be recycled after they are scrapped, so they are renewable resources
D.Freshwater resources on the earth are very scarce and belong to non-renewable resources

c
Qualitative thinking refers to the way of thinking about things according to their nature and attributes, and to determine and judge things.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are qualitative thinking:
A.In 2005, a province's information industry completed an added value of 11 billion yuan, maintaining a rapid growth rate.
B.Due to the improvement of the ecological environment brought by the circular economy, nearly 20,000 white swans fly to a city every winter
C.A town is bigger and stronger in the hosiery industry.In many big cities, a pair of socks sells at a high price of 100 yuan, indicating that its quality is excellent and the brand is excellent
D.The city ’s "10th period" gross domestic product, fiscal revenue, and per capita disposable income of urban residents have increased by more than 25% per year.Good momentum of healthy, rapid development

d
Social conformity tends to mean that when group norms are accepted by members, they will become a means to control and influence group members, so that members will perceive, judge, believe and behave in a manner consistent with the majority in the group.
According to the above definition, those who do not have a social conformity in the following situations are:
A.Xiao Li was blamed by colleagues for his slow work progress, so he had to use his spare time to catch up
B.Student Xiao Li believes that Zhang's expectations for himself are too high, but when he thinks that the teacher is the teacher, he still accepts it on the surface
C.Before the Spring Festival holiday, Xiao Wang was preparing for a holiday trip, but when he saw that his colleagues were going to reunite, he decided to go home and reunite first.
D.Mr.Liu saw a few tourists consciously collect garbage to protect the environment when traveling, he was very appreciative, but he was embarrassed to do it

d
The performance principle is based on the performance of the following subordinates to give appropriate incentives.
According to the above definition, Which of the following conditions follow the principle of performance:
A.Because Xiao Zhao is the most educated and most capable person in the real face room, he received a high bonus
B.Hotel employee Xiao Liu loves his job, and is full of emotions and smiles every day, praised by the manager
C.Ms.Li, a serious contributor to her work, worked hard.Although the sales in the town were average, the number of customer visits was much higher than other colleagues, so she was promoted.
D.Although a chain of laundry shops has higher fees, it has received the best profit among peers due to its first-class quality and thoughtful service.

c
Crisis management planning refers to a comprehensive process of methods and measures to prevent people from more effectively grasping things and social public opinion through planning methods in order to prevent the outbreak of a crisis or reduce the risks and losses caused by the crisis after a crisis occurs.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of the crisis management plan:
A.After hearing the tsunami alert, the tourists from the seaside land quickly evacuated to a high place.
B.Li Ping took two pencils in preparation for the exam
C.In the face of a sudden earthquake, Xiao Zhang was knocked to the ground, but fortunately escaped.
D.An enterprise is unable to pay its due debts due to heavy debts

a
Enterprise informatization refers to the process by which enterprises use modern information technology to continuously improve the efficiency and level of production, operation, management, decision-making through deepening the development and extensive use of information resources.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of enterprise informationization:
A.The school establishes a computer network platform to make full use of the information resources in the school
B.Computer-integrated manufacturing system that realizes informationization of all enterprise business and even all enterprise management
C.Combine the quality, facilities, control, data and communication of discrete and process production to achieve a wide range of management information integration.
D.Develop a raw material parts procurement and processing plan to ensure that the required amount of materials can be obtained at the specified time and place, and introduce computers to assist in management.

d
Impression management refers to the process by which a person influences other people's impressions of themselves in a certain way.It is an important aspect of self-regulation and also includes social interaction with others.It is the core of self-cognitive views.This basic motivation is that, whether individuals are inside or outside the organization, they are eager to be treated positively by others, to avoid being viewed negatively by others, and to try to make others actively look at their efforts is called acquired impression management, while weakening their deficiencies or avoiding A defensive measure that makes others look at themselves negatively is protective impression management.
Which of the following are protected impression management:
A.Director Lin is approachable and always leads by example.Recently, the unit has collected donations for the disaster area.He has donated the most money and materials.
B.Xiao Zhang's new unit always accepts the opinions of the old employee Meng, and often expresses that he admires him very much.
C.Xiaoli has few friends after work, but he told his colleagues that when he was studying in college, he was very good at studying and sports, and had many friends
D.The company leader assigned Xiao Wang a task.Xiao Wang did not complete the task for a long time.When the leader urged him, he said, "I am very busy during this time and I will try my best to complete"

c
The excuse is to admit that the activity itself is wrong, but the party denies that he should be responsible.The defense is to admit that the activity should be held to be valuable, but the party denies that the activity is wrong.In the face of failure, people use excuses to Minimize as much as possible the responsibility that you should assume; and the purpose of people's use of justification is to try to redefine controversial actions so that they are not too bad.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are the following:
A.Xiao Li lost a business and caused some losses to the company.He said that it was caused by his leg injury being delayed for half an hour.
B.A department made a mistake, and the person in charge said, "They didn't consult me at all when they made the decision, and I didn't know anything about it."
C.Consumers in a country question the practice of adding carbon monoxide to packaging to make meat look rosy and fresh, but the country ’s Food Administration says the practice is “overall” safe
D.There is a quality problem with a company's product, stating that it is caused by the use of non-conforming parts made by other companies

a
Administrative requisition refers to an administrative legal system in which administrative agencies forcibly obtain the right to use or own the property of citizens and legal persons and provide them with reasonable compensation for the public interest and public purposes.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not administrative requisitions:
A.An economic development park built by the town two years ago used Yang Jun's contracted land, and Yang Jun received reasonable compensation after many efforts.
B.At the time of solving the case, a public security organ used Wang's motorcycle because of an emergency and later paid Wang some expenses
C.A national key engineering project needs to occupy the land of farmers in a certain city.The local government has given farmers various compensation fees and resettlement fees for the requisitioned land and resettled the surplus labor.
D.A flood occurred in a certain place.In order to fight the flood, the government mobilized sand from several construction companies to give them some compensation.

b
Many elderly Beijingers are obsessed with all kinds of unique skills that were eaten at temple fairs when they were young.Today, these unique skills have been more formally called one-by-one art, however, as the process of social modernization has accelerated, Chinese folk culture is facing unprecedented The crisis of survival, the constantly changing urban environment, the rapid diversion and transfer of people's interests and hobbies, and the gradual loss of talents in the art of folk art have all put the development of art in folk art in a difficult position.
It can be inferred from this text:
A.Marketization is the way out for folk art
B.Folk culture needs rescue protection
C.Urban construction should highlight cultural characteristics
D.The social status of art talents should be improved

b
Sheng Shixing's collection.With the improvement of material life, people's spirits are more demanding, and the land of Shenzhou has a collection fever.However, due to the excessive mixing of utilitarian colors, the heat is somewhat fickle and the culture soul is lacking.Recently, Beijing has held several "Jianbao" events.Experts are asked to sign off collections for folk collections.There are many people who come to help with the "Treasure".Few people really find the real thing; some people spend tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands....but looked away.What I got was fake.
It can be inferred from this text:
A.Collection requires professional knowledge
B.Collections need to be guided properly
C.The collection market urgently needs a group of professional "Jianbao" talents
D."Jianbao" activity is beneficial to purify the collection market

c
Some people in the company suggested that as long as the employees signed the commitment letter and promised not to be late.The company canceled the punch-in and check-out system.If someone was late, the monthly bonus for all employees would be deducted.The company adopted the recommendation and as a result some employees were late, but, Employee Xiao Liu still got the bonus for the month.
It can be inferred from this text:
A.Xiao Liu has never been late
B.Other employees did not receive bonuses
C.Someone from the company did not sign the letter of commitment
D.People who are late are not regular employees of the company

b
Studies have found that humans use the typical differences in infant and adult morphology as important behavioral clues.The characteristics of juveniles can evoke the loving and nurturing heart of adults.Many animals have the characteristics and characteristics of human infants.Attracted by animals, they are raised as pets.
The most suitable explanation for this conclusion is:
A.Some people who are too nostalgic for their childhood will show a clear tendency to be childish in dress
B.After the children grow up and leave the family.The old people like to keep pets.They care for love and pass the lonely time.
C.For a long time, Disney artists have given Wen Liang's cute cartoon image Mickey Mouse an increasingly youthful appearance.
D.Children who are over-cared for in their lives will have a certain impact on their psychological growth and often behave more fragile

b
In many bird patterns.Birds of predators were first heard to warn, so the flocks spread out.There is a theory that the birds who screamed saved their companions by attracting attention to themselves, that is, to The self-sacrifice of the birds.
The one that most directly undermines these conclusions is:
A.When many flocks of birds inhabit, some birds take turns to act as a vigilant, and scream when they are in danger, in order to increase the group's chance of survival
B.The shouting bird wants to find a safer place, but dare not search to break the original formation, otherwise the predator will find a single bird out of the formation
C.When danger comes, the shouting bird may be in a safer position than its companion, it shouts to remind its partner
D.There is a kinship between the flocks of birds, and there is the same tomb cause among the siblings.Although the shouting bird may sacrifice itself, it can teach more siblings and consequently inherit its genes.

a
Readers reading various online novels on the Internet have become a new fashion for reading."Click-through novels" stand out on the basis of online novels and become a new publishing model.Works published on the Internet are popular because of high click-through rates, and online writers can get Royalty.Websites earn high click-through rates because of popularity: Publishers judge the market because of high click-through rates and popularity, and win market sales performance.In order to obtain higher click-through rates, some professional writers even write books according to publishers' requirements.
According to this paragraph Wen Yu.which of the following cannot be launched is:
A.Online reading will gradually replace the traditional chess style
B.Click-through novels are strongly welcomed by websites and publishers
C.Online writers must meet the needs of readers for the work to have a higher click-through rate
D.Click-through novels enable online writers, websites and publishers to establish a "win-win" publishing model.

c
A popular book called China Reader, which writes about 5,000 years of civilization history in China with just over 100,000 words.Following the impressive results of more than 10 million copies issued in China, it began to move out of China and into the world.
According to this text, which of the following can be derived is:
A.History books should follow the path of popularization and popularization
B.More and more foreigners are interested in Chinese history
C.China Reader may authorize foreign publishers to publish
D, the more popular, the more national, the easier it is to go to the world

c
Water skateboards are galvanized, colorful, and widely welcomed by people.It can drive a boat to any place, which is very popular with young people.The increasing popularity of this project has caused the management of water skateboarding.In this issue, We cannot but incline to the point that it is strictly regulated.
According to this text, which of the following can be derived is:
A.The popularity of water skiing brings management challenges
B.Young people are the main target of water skate management
C.How to manage water skiing is inconclusive
D.Product grid control will further promote the popularity of water skiing

b
Trust is inseparable from mutual respect.Trust is the basis for maintaining long-term interpersonal relationships.However, the maintenance of certain personal relationships, such as friendship, also requires common hobbies.Long-term friendship cannot be separated from mutual respect and support of common hobbies.
According to this text, we can know:
A.In long-term relationships, mutual respect means trust
B.A friendship supported only by trust and mutual respect will not last long
C.Friendships based on shared interests will last longer than other relationships
D.A personal relationship supported by mutual respect and shared interests will always last

c
004.Globally, 49 million female laptops were sold, almost twice the amount sold in 2000.Its market share rose from 20.3% to 28.5%.At the same time, costs from Taiwan's $ 2,126 dropped to $ 1,116, and analysts predict that by 2008, sales of laptops will eventually exceed sales of desktops.
The one that best supports the above argument is:
A.New desktop computers are coming soon
B.China has become a big consumer of laptops
C.Market demand for laptops will continue to rise
D.Price has become an important factor affecting laptop sales

a
Three-dimensional agriculture refers to the full use of the complex population of crops in space and time.According to the different characteristics of different crops, such as high stalks and short stalks, rich light and shade tolerance, early and late maturity, deep and shallow roots, leguminous and gramineous, use Their time and space differences in the growth process, and reasonable implementation of scientific intercropping, interplanting, mixed seeding, rotation and other supporting planting, forming a multi-crop, multi-level, multi-time-dimensional three-dimensional cross-planting structure.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are three-dimensional agriculture:
A.A grows soybeans in his own cornfield
B.B not only raises fish in his contracted fish pond, but also planted many lotus roots
C.C contracted ten acres of rice fields in a certain area in the south, and introduced new high-yielding rice varieties.
D.Ding Qian contracted a mountain.He planted a lot of apple trees on the mountain and raised a lot of bees on the mountain.

b
Green barriers refer to various restrictive or prohibitive measures adopted by some countries and international organizations to protect the ecological environment, human and animal and plant life safety and health through the development of environmental standards and regulations.A type of non-tariff trade barrier that trade affects.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are green barrier behaviors:
A.A large supermarket chain only sells imported agricultural products that have passed the green food inspection
B.More than 10 tons of cotton yarn sold by a textile import and export company to Europe stopped exporting due to detection of banned azo dyes in Germany
C.A company exported garlic abroad.Due to a problem with the temperature control facilities on the freighter on the way, some garlic deteriorated after arriving at the port.As a result, all garlic was returned.
D.The sales volume of wooden bedroom furniture produced by a factory in the U.S.market is considerable, but due to the increase in tariffs on wooden bedroom furniture in the United States, its export volume is greatly affected

d
Aphasia refers to the clinical symptoms of the loss of the ability to express and perceive speaking, words, and speech as a result of impaired thinking of abstract signals due to damage to the central nervous system.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are likely to suffer from aphasia:
A."Wolf Boy" Cannot Communicate with People After Returning to Society
B.Hearing damage caused by high fever in childhood results in great defects in pronunciation and affects communication
C.Difficulties in speech understanding and expression due to stimulated mental disorders
D.Injured in the head due to a car accident, although imitating the words of others, often answering questions

c
Occupational exhaustion refers to the feeling that people have exhausted their physical and mental energy under the weight of the work they have been doing for a long time.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are in the state of occupational exhaustion:
A.Lao Zhou is not qualified for his current job and will be so busy every day
B.Xiao Li, who just joined the job, feels that the job is too tired, and she has the idea of changing jobs.
C.Manager Liu is busy with work every day, lacks sufficient rest, and his mood is getting worse and worse
D.After working in many different professions, Pharaoh finds all work boring

b
Price monopoly refers to behaviors in which operators engage in collusion or abuse of market dominance, manipulate the market to regulate prices, disrupt normal production and operation orders, damage the legitimate rights and interests of other operators or consumers, or endanger public interests.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not price monopoly actions:
A.Several large TV manufacturers cooperate to manipulate prices through agreements
B.In order to attract customers, some shopping malls sell some products below the cost price.
C.The factory with the patent right relies on the dominant market position to enforce the resale price when the dealer picks up the goods
D.A large company with a 70% market share cuts prices in disguise by means of rebates, gifts, etc., causing the market price of goods to be lower than the cost price

a
Ecological immigration refers to immigration in order to protect the special ecology of a certain area or to restore the ecology of a certain area.It also refers to immigrants who have migrated the local people as a whole due to the poor natural environment and the conditions for poverty reduction on the spot.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are ecological migrants:
A.Villagers in the mountainous area of Guizhou Province were moved to another country due to petrification
B.Hundreds of years ago, the residents of the Central Plains moved to the south to avoid the war and became Hakkas.
C.A village is located in a valley and the transportation is very inconvenient.In order to get rich faster, the villagers collectively decided to move outside the mountain.
D.Zhang San's parents live in the Three Gorges Reservoir area.Due to the repair of the reservoir, their parents sold their property and came to Shanghai to live with Zhang San.

d
Crisis public relations refers to a series of self-rescue actions taken by companies to deal with crises, including eliminating impacts and restoring their image, due to poor corporate management, peer competition, and even malicious damage or external special events..
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are crisis public relations:
A.Due to the typhoon, the outdoor billboard of a company was blown down by the wind, and the company sent employees to repair it
B.Due to the theft of important production equipment of an enterprise, which seriously affected production, senior leaders held an emergency meeting to study countermeasures
C.An enterprise loses its leading position in the industry competition, its profits have fallen sharply, and its senior leaders have decided to move to a new field
D.After a chain store of a large restaurant group was exposed due to poor sanitation, the group leader apologized to the public through the media and took the opportunity to release new corporate hygiene management standards

d
Added value is the abbreviation of added value, which is the value newly created through effective labor in the production process based on the original value of the product, that is, the new value added to the original value of the product.
According to the above definition, Which of the following behaviors increase the added value of the product are:
A.Signature of a star's prize for the winner of an entertainment event
B.Rainy days vendors sell rain gear in scenic spots at a price higher than the market price
C.A beverage manufacturer changed its products from past cans to plastic packaging
D.Individual vendors ask people to draw various beautiful patterns on white T-shirts for sale

d
Circulation processing refers to the general term for simple operations such as packaging, dividing, weighing, sorting, marking, marking standards, and assembly during the process from the place of production to use.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are in circulation processing:
A.A factory purchases fabrics, buttons and other materials, processes them into fashion and sells them on the market
B.A transport company keeps fruit in refrigerated wagons to make it fresher when it arrives at its destination
C.The grocery store sells tomatoes at the time of purchase into two grades of 1 yuan per catty and 2 yuan per catty according to their quality.
D.When a wholesaler transports the glass, he adds a shock-proof outer packaging to the glass to avoid a crack

c
The languages of ancient Egypt, Babylon, and ancient Maya, which were once prevalent in history, have become a historical dust, and more than 6,000 existing languages in the world will disappear on average every two weeks.From this calculation, by 2050, the world 90% of the languages will be extinct.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above point?
A.Many linguists are studying these languages
B.Ancient languages are often extinct as civilization is conquered
C.Many endangered languages have been valued and effectively protected
D.The proportion of non-illiterate people in modern times is significantly lower than in ancient times

b
According to historical records, the ancient Dian Kingdom during the Spring and Autumn Period and the Warring States Period lasted more than 500 years, and its status in Yunnan history is quite important.The bronze culture of the ancient Dian Kingdom absorbed and integrated the cultural essence of different regions and peoples.The kingdom disappeared mysteriously, and no records were left in the history books after the Tang Dynasty.In recent years, thousands of ancient Yunnan bronzes have been unearthed from the Lijiashan tombs of Jiangchuan County on the south bank of Fuxian Lake.According to archaeologists, the underwater ancient city of Fuxian Lake in Yunnan has been mysteriously disappeared.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above speculation?
A.A large number of bronzes have also been found in the underwater ancient city of Fuxian Lake
B.According to archeological routines, there are tombs near the capital city of the kingdom
C.The underwater ancient city of Fuxian Lake and the ancient Dian Kingdom recorded by historical data are located in the present Yunnan Province
D.According to experts' speculation, the underwater ancient city of Fuxian Lake is in the same historical period as the ancient Dian Kingdom

d
Since July 2005, the Dunhuang Research Institute has adopted an appointment-visit method for the Mogao Grottoes.This measure has rationally and effectively regulated and balanced the flow of tourists, on the one hand, strengthening the protection of the caves, and on the other hand, providing tourists with better quality Since the implementation of the appointment booking method, the number of people visiting Mogao Grottoes has increased year by year, and the annual tourist reception has increased from 450,000 in 2004 to 550,000 in 2006.
From this we can infer:
A.The method of booking a visit to Mogao Caves provides convenience for tourists
B.Reasonable allocation of human and material resources can maximize benefits
C.Unbalanced visitor flow before Mogao Grottoes
D.Scientific and rational use of natural and human resources can create greater value

d
A primary school applied to the local education administration for the purchase of an additional school bus to strengthen the ability to transfer teachers and students.The education administration rejected this application on the grounds that the number of school buses must be proportional to the size of the school and the number of teachers and students According to the school's current number and scale of teachers and students, the existing school bus is sufficient.
Which of the following assumptions best supports the decision of the education administration?
A.Survey shows that renting a school bus is more economical than buying a school bus
B.There will be no vehicles scrapped at least in the near future.
C.The number of primary school-age children in the region will not increase significantly in the future
D.The education administration has no plan to expand the school's teachers and students

d
Some experts have suggested that in order to revitalize land resources, effectively protect arable land, and let farmers live in buildings like urban people, it is a good choice.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the opinion of the above experts?
A.Due to farmers' living habits, most of them expressed their unwillingness to live in buildings
B.The resources used to build a building are similar to the resources needed to build an existing peasant housing pump
C.Some farmers said that even if they moved into the building, they would not demolish the existing house.
D.Farmers stay away from the field after entering the building, which affects agricultural production and will reduce the use of land resources from the perspective of benefits.

c
Acid rain in China mainly occurs south of the Yangtze River, and it is scattered only in the north.This is because sand and dust weather is common in the north, and sand and dust from the desert and local soil are more alkaline.
From this we can infer:
A.Less acidic pollutant emissions in areas north of the Yangtze River
B.Soils in the south of the Yangtze River are less alkaline
C.Sand and dust weather can effectively reduce the chance of acid rain
D.Sand and dust weather is less likely to occur in areas with acid rain

d
Some experts believe that the use of building materials that comply with environmental protection standards in home decoration can only ensure that the content of harmful substances meets the requirements of relevant industries, and does not mean that they are completely free of harmful substances.Exceeding standards.
From this we can infer:
A.The building materials industry should further tighten environmental standards
B.The building materials industry should strive to reduce the content of harmful substances in products
C.Choosing good building materials can effectively avoid unqualified indoor air quality
D.Appropriate use of building materials can reduce harmful substances in indoor air

a
A recent survey shows that in recent years, locals have accounted for more than 70% of high-income people in a city, which fully shows that it is quite difficult for foreigners to obtain high income in the city.
Which of the following is true if it supports the above conclusion?
A.Foreigners make up 40% of the city's total population
B.Foreigners make up less than 30% of the city's total population
C.Foreigners make up 40% of the city ’s low- and middle-income population
D.Locals make up less than 30% of the city's low- and middle-income population

a
Broadly speaking, collective memory is the memory of one's past by a group with its own specific cultural cohesion and unity.This group can be a political religious group, a regional cultural community, or a nation or a This kind of memory can be scattered, fragmented, verbal, or centralized, official, written, and can be a recollection of a recent event or a retrospective of ancient ancestors' deeds.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are collective memories:
A.The Legend of Dayu's Water Control Widely Spread in China
B.A documentary promoting local tourism resources in a city
C.Compilation of documents by a government agency on a job
D.Textbooks on the history of neighboring countries in a university in China

b
Implicit advertising refers to the strategic integration of products or brands and their representative visual symbols and even service content into movies, TV shows or other TV programs and other communication content (hidden in the carrier and integrated with the carrier), so that While the audience accepts the content of the communication, they unconsciously accept the product or brand information, and then achieve the desired communication purpose of the advertiser.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are classified ads:
A.TV station reprints an advertisement for a well-known drink when it is breathing in the midfield of the World Cup football match
B.A well-known sports brand sponsors the sportswear of a country ’s Olympic athletes
C.An electronic product manufacturer sponsors filming and plays advertisements for the product before the movie is shown
D.A well-known female anchor of a TV station wears clothing provided by a brand to attend a relative's wedding

c
Defect compensation refers to the fact that an individual cannot succeed in everything when acting as a social role.When the goal of the self role fails, it is often possible to re-evaluate the importance of the relevant social role, so as to self-define to compensate for their role defects.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are compensation for defects:
A.Xiao Wang believes that the evaluation of outstanding employees is the key to promotion, so when the selection fails, he decides to continue in the next selection.
B.Xiao Zhang has a very good job.He took the civil service exam with a try attitude, so he didn't feel too regretful when he learned that he didn't pass the exam.
Ms.Yuan devoted herself to work after divorce and achieved great results.She believes that career success is more important than marriage happiness.
D.Huang's job search is not smooth after graduating from university.He feels that this is because he is not a graduate of a prestigious university, otherwise employment will be much easier.

a
Occupation socialization refers to the process by which individuals choose occupations according to social needs, master the knowledge and skills to engage in a certain occupation, and perform knowledge, skills renewal and retraining after engaging in a certain occupation.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are professional socialization:
A.Cafeteria manager Zhang saw that there was an urgent need for translators in many fields.After studying in his spare time and obtaining a translation qualification certificate, he worked for a company.
B.Young Zhang was assigned to a car class after joining the army and learned superb car repair skills.After retiring, he opened a repair department.
C.A company remembers that Lee loves cooking and took a training class in his spare time to learn about nutrition and improve cooking skills.
D.Laid-off female worker Chen has accumulated a wealth of knowledge and experience while raising her children, and then opened a kindergarten on the advice of her friends

d
Differential market strategy refers to the design and production of different products based on the needs of each market segment based on the overall market segmentation of the company, formulating and implementing different marketing mix strategies (a combination of various marketing methods) (Application), trying to meet the different market needs with different products.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are different market strategies:
A.An automobile production company is oriented to the working class, and mainly produces economical cars.This type of car has a low price and low fuel consumption, and is popular with the working class.
B.A supermarket implements a membership system and gives gifts of different grades according to the number of member points
C.Computers produced by a certain company sell well in the market, and in order to broaden the market, they began to develop mobile phones.
D.A cosmetics manufacturer produces and sells different types of body lotions to consumers at different ages.

d
Per capita disposable income commonly used in statistics now consists of four parts, namely: wage income, transfer income, operating income and property income.Property income generally refers to movable properties owned by families (such as bank deposits, valuable Securities, etc.), income from real estate (such as houses, vehicles, land, collectibles, etc.).It includes interest, rent, patent income, etc.from the transfer of property use rights; dividend income from property operations, and property appreciation income Wait.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are property income:
A.Wang's blue and white porcelain was valued at 2 million yuan by experts at the exhibition
B.Li bought a 10-ton truck and ran it, with an annual income of more than 80,000 yuan
C.Zhao made a significant contribution to the company, and the company gave a reward of 100,000 yuan
D.Gao has a house in the downtown.A manufacturer places a billboard on the roof and pays him a certain fee.

b
Some plants need low temperature to flower and grow strong.The effect of low temperature induction to promote flowering and fruiting of plants is called vernalization.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following do not use the vernalization principle:
A.Onion flowering affects its quality, so the bulbs stored overwintering at high temperature before planting in spring to reduce its ability to sense low temperature, so as to obtain larger bulbs
B.Using gibberellin, biennial tianshen, cabbage, beet, and carrot can flower without low temperature treatment
C.Put the germinated winter wheat seeds in cans, and place them in the low temperature of winter for 40 to 50 days, then plant them in spring to obtain the same harvest as in autumn.
D.Digging the roots of the biennial medicinal plant Angelica sinensis in the first year and store them under high temperature to reduce the rate of sprawl in the second year and obtain better roots.

c
A product recall is when a manufacturer recalls a product that has been delivered to a wholesaler, retailer, or end user.The typical reason for a product recall is that the product sold is found to be defective.The product recall system is for batches caused by manufacturers.Sexual problems arise, among them, the identification of quality defects and the identification of manufacturers' responsibilities are the most critical core.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are product recalls:
A.A merchant promises that the product can be returned unconditionally if there is a problem
B.A supermarket finds that the cans sold have expired and deteriorated, and promptly inform consumers to return or replace them
C.Due to inadequate quality control, a batch of products from a factory flowed into the market, and the manufacturer informed consumers to return.
D.A toy factory returns compensation to some consumers who filed a lawsuit because a certain toy's harmful substance exceeds the standard.

d
Environmental impact assessment refers to what impact the plan or project will have on the atmosphere, water, soil, organisms and the environmental system composed of them when the development plan or construction project is drawn up, and the results of these impacts will again affect human health and life Investigations, predictions and evaluations of the environment, the natural environment, and the economic, cultural, and historical environment, and measures and measures to prevent or reduce environmental pollution and damage based on this.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following behaviors that belong to environmental impact assessment are:
A.Before constructing a polluted water treatment plant in a city, ask experts to investigate, predict and evaluate the daily sewage treatment capacity of the plant based on the city size.
B.After a viaduct was built in a city, residents of several nearby buildings reported that the bridge had severely affected daylighting, and the city government organized relevant departments to evaluate to determine how to deal with it.
C.Before treating an ancient river in a city, ask experts to research the history of the river to develop tourism resources
D.Before constructing an airport in a city, predict aircraft noise and make regulatory recommendations for land use around the airport

d
Government procurement refers to the use of state financial funds and government borrowings to purchase goods, projects, and services in order to engage in daily government activities or to meet the purpose of public services.It is a general term for procurement policies, procurement procedures, procurement processes, and procurement management.It is a system for managing public procurement.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not government procurement:
A.A city government requires that a single office supply exceeding a certain amount must be reported to the relevant department for centralized procurement
B.To facilitate citizens' travel, a city government rents a SMS platform of a telecommunications company to send free text messages to citizens.
C.In order to improve local education conditions, a county government allocates special funds to a primary school to renovate its school building, and stipulates that it must be carried out in strict accordance with the bidding process.
D.A city government selects a hotel as the designated hotel through public bidding

b
Some people will not feel tired even if they are under high intensity stress for a long time, and some people will feel tired after doing a little work, which may be related to different genes in addition to different constitutions or habits.The University of Szeged research team observed the genomes of 50 patients with chronic syndrome and found that some of these patients' genes are different from those of healthy people of the same age and gender.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the results of this research in the diagnosis and treatment of chronic fatigue syndrome?
A.Genetic identification has been applied in the diagnosis of some diseases
B.Scientists identify genes that cause chronic fatigue syndrome
C.There is no diagnostic method for chronic fatigue syndrome
D.There is a unique gene in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome

c
There are three dice, two of which are 2, 4, and 9 on the red dice; two of three, five, and seven on the green dice; two of six, eight, and eight on the blue dice.Two people play the game of dice, The rule of the game is that the two players first choose one dice and then roll at the same time, whoever has the most points wins.
Then, Which of the following statement is correct:
A.People who choose the dice first have a higher probability of winning than those who choose the dice later
B.People who choose the red dice have a higher probability of winning than those who choose the green dice
C.No one dice has a higher probability of winning than the other two
D.The probability of winning has nothing to do with which color of the dice to choose

d
A country has raised the export tariffs of fertilizer products four times to curb the export of fertilizer products.However, the country's export of fertilizer products is still increasing and it still has strong competitiveness in the international market.
Which of the following cannot explain this situation:
A.Fertilizer products are in short supply in the international market
B.The quality of the country's fertilizer products has a good reputation in the international market
C.Prices of fertilizer products in the country remain lower than in other countries after tariff increases
D.Production of fertilizer products in the country is still increasing

a
When attacked by pests, soybeans and other plants produce a hormone called jasmonate, which starts a series of chemical reactions to synthesize more protease inhibitors and strengthen their own resistance.After the pests eat this compound, its Digestive function will be inhibited.Plant biologist Drusia has found that high concentrations of carbon dioxide can cause plants to lose the ability to secrete jasmonate, and the entire "defense channel" will be closed, so the soybean crop's insect resistance will follow The carbon dioxide content increases and gradually weakens.
From this we can infer:
A.Soybean yield is affected by air conditions
B.The main role of jasmonate is to resist pests
C.Plants that cannot produce jasmonate will be difficult to resist pests
D.Reducing the carbon dioxide in the air will increase the insect resistance of soybeans

c
Sulfur dioxide is the main cause of acid rain.In order to improve the situation, a certain area is suffering from acid rain.In order to improve the situation, the region reduced a total of 118,000 tons of sulfur dioxide from January to June, a year-on-year decrease of 9.1%.The content decreased, but the frequency of acid rain increased by 7.1%.
Which of the following can best explain this phenomenon:
A.Part of the sulfur dioxide in the air in the area drifted from the surrounding area
B.Although the emission of sulfur dioxide is controlled, its effect will take some time to achieve
C.A large increase in motor vehicles has exacerbated the emission of nitrogen oxides, which are also an important cause of acid rain
D.Although the total amount of sulfur dioxide emissions has decreased, the proportion of sulfur dioxide in pollutants has not changed

c
The "Donghulin people" site is an early human cultural site in the Neolithic period.The human bone fossils found in the site have been identified as belonging to two adult males and one young female.The neck of the young girl's remains is stringed with small spiral shells.Necklaces and bone bracelets made of beef ribs on the wrists indicate that in the early Neolithic era, human aesthetic consciousness had begun to sprout.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the judgment?
A.Neolithic ornaments are usually stone tools
B.The unearthed necklace and bone bracelet are very rough
C.The role of necklaces and bone bracelets is mainly to indicate social status
D.Two adult male remains have larger necklaces on their necks

d
A.B, and C, one from Shandong, one from Henan, and one from Hubei.Now I only know that: C is older than Hubei, A and Henan are not the same age, and Henan is younger than B.
It can be inferred from this:
A.A is not from Hubei
B.Henanns are younger than A
C.Henanns are older than Shandong
D.Hubei people are the youngest

c
Relevant experts point out that moon cakes are high in sugar and calories, which are not only harmful to physical health, but have even evolved into "health killers".To become a healthy food, moon cakes must be improved from both the process and ingredients.Improved and ingredients, no matter how good the taste is, it can't meet the nutritional needs of modern people.
which of the following cannot be inferred from this is:
A.Only by improving moon cakes in terms of technology and ingredients can we meet the nutritional needs of modern people
B.If the moon cake meets the nutritional needs of modern people, it must be improved in terms of technology and ingredients
C.As long as the moon cake is improved from the process and ingredients, even if the taste is not good, it can meet the nutritional needs of modern people
D.It is impossible to meet the nutritional needs of modern people without improving moon cakes in terms of technology and ingredients.

b
All dinosaurs "stand" on the ground with their legs standing upright, which is different from cold-blooded reptiles lying on the ground with limbs; the bone tissue structure of dinosaurs is similar to that of warm-blooded mammals; the lungs of dinosaurs Structure and warm-blooded animals are very similar; in modern ecosystems (such as the African steppe), the ratio between warm-blooded predators (such as lions) and predators (such as antelopes) is a constant value for North American dinosaur animals Group statistics show that the ratio between predators and predators is similar to this constant.These all indicate that dinosaurs are not cold, cold-blooded animals with slow movements, but warm-blooded animals with high metabolic rate and fast action.
If one of the following is true, the above reasoning cannot be refuted most?
A.Some sea turtles have a similar tissue structure to mammals, but they are cold-blooded animals
B.Marine mammals such as cetaceans are not upright, but warm-blooded
C.Statistics on the predator and prey ratios of North American dinosaur fauna are arbitrary
D.The main difference in the physiological structure of cold-blooded animals and warm-blooded animals lies in the structure of the heart rather than the structure of the lungs

c
Biochemists have announced that they have mastered technology to effectively control Arabidopsis enzymes in plants.Using this technology, humans can change the smell of vegetables and fruits.Arabidopsis is a combination of two substances, including two Diene oxide and catalase, which can produce jasmine and green leaf volatiles GLV, the latter determines the aroma characteristics of vegetables and fruits.
From this we can infer:
A.Jasmine contains more Arabidopsis enzymes than other flowers
B.Humans cannot change the smell of plants before mastering this technology
C.Vegetables and fruits will change smell if Arabidopsis enzymes are removed
D.Diene oxide and catalase determine the smell of vegetables and fruits

c
Definition: ① Administrative compensation: A type of compensation liability assumed by the state when an administrative subject performs an administrative act in violation of the lawful rights and interests of a counterparty.② Administrative compensation: the process by which a state administrative agency and its staff manage state and social public affairs The system of compensation for damages caused to citizens, legal persons, or other organizations by lawful administrative acts, which is compensated by the state in accordance with the law.③ Administrative recovery: The administrative compensation obligation agency shall pay compensation fees to the requester for administrative compensation on behalf of the state, and then, A legal system that orders organizations and individuals with intentional or gross negligence to bear part or all of the compensation costs.Example: Lee's homestead was requisitioned by the state and received various compensations of 60,000 yuan.A certain urban construction law enforcement team was damaged when demolishing illegal buildings After the adjacent legal building was completed, the law enforcement brigade privately compensated the owner of the house.Criminal police officer Zhao suffered serious injuries caused by torture by confessions by torture.After the public security organs compensated the party, he ordered Zhao to bear part of the medical expenses.
How many examples meet one of the three definitions of appeal?
A.0
B.1
C.2
D.3

b
A group of netizens hold a masquerade ball in reality, and each person must dress themselves up according to the character or thing represented by the net name.Snow White, Witch, Zorro, Stone, Harry Potter, Cactus are A.B, C, D, E The net names of six netizens.A.B, and E are females, and the other three are males.B, C, and E are over 30 years old.Six people who played the above six roles at the masquerade said separately One sentence shows the actual identity: Snow White: I am younger than you, please take care of me.Witch: Witch can only be a woman, and a man should be a wizard, so I am a woman.Zorro: The age of six people from old to old Small arrangement, I'm the second-to-last, I'm not Ding.Stone: My net master got it from my wife, because she said I'm not romantic, not even wood.Harry Potter: Although I am the oldest, I still have Childlike.Cactus: Spiny I can finally marry myself before the age of 30, and a wedding tomorrow, everyone is welcome to join.
If they are telling the truth, which of the following can not be introduced is:
A.Snow White is Ding
B.Harry Potter is B
C.Zorro is self
D.Stone is C

c
Differential tax rate refers to a tax rate with two or more tax rates.Different taxpayers calculate tax rates based on different proportions.Progressive tax rate means that the amount of the taxed object is progressively progressive from low to high.The tax rate used has also gradually increased.
What are the tax rates mentioned in the following items?
A.For an enterprise, 25% corporate income tax and 5% business tax are required
B.The tax rate applicable to wages and salaries in China's personal income tax gradually increases with the increase of wages and salaries, from 5% to 45% divided into nine levels
C.From January 20 to December 31, 2009, China levied a vehicle purchase tax of 5% on passenger cars with a displacement of 1.6 liters and below, and a vehicle purchase tax of 10% on passenger cars with a displacement of 1.6 liters and above
D.China has implemented the reform of refined oil taxes and fees since January 1, 2009, increasing the unit tax on gasoline consumption tax levied in refined oil prices by 0.8 yuan per liter, that is, from 0.2 yuan per liter to 1 yuan

d
American sociologist Merton divided the social function into two levels of explicit function and latent function.The explicit function is an objective consequence that helps the system to adjust and adapt.This adaptation and adjustment is what the participants in the system expect to achieve or Can be expected and recognized.Latent functions are objective consequences that have not been anticipated or recognized.
Which of the following options does not include a description of the latent function?
A.During the broadcast of the TV series "Desire", tens of thousands of people were left empty, and social order improved significantly
B.Zhang bought a house with a loan of 300,000 according to his family income.Due to rising interest rates, his life became stretched.
C.In order to resist foreign invasion, Qin Shihuang built the Great Wall, which objectively promoted the development of China's folk architecture
D.From remote mountainous areas In order to get rid of poverty, allow parents to live a good life, study hard at an early age, and work hard, they became the head of a large company within a few years, and also made themselves a role model for their parents to educate their children.

b
Role ambiguity refers to the uncertainty of the job role positioning experienced by individuals, including the uncertainty of job responsibilities, uncertainty of work goals, etc., so it often causes confusion in work processes and underground work efficiency.
According to the above definition, which of the following is characters that are vague?
A.Doctor Zhang has multiple positions, is the director of a hospital's orthopedics department, and also serves as the vice president of the hospital, a member of the regional medical society, etc.
B.Su Li has just been promoted to deputy director of the customer service department.She doesn't know if she should handle it by herself.If she handles it, she will not exceed her current authority.She also doesn't know who to ask.She usually doesn't deal with these matters.
C.Xiao Chengang was an elementary school teacher and wanted to be friends with students.Although she has a close relationship with students now, she found that the students were not afraid of her, disobedient, or even handed in homework.
D.Xiao Zhang just joined the work and was full of enthusiasm.He wanted to give full play to his professional expertise in the job, but he had to do some work that has nothing to do with his specialty, so he felt that the psychological gap was very large.

d
Ecological invasion refers to people consciously or unconsciously bringing certain organisms into areas suitable for their habitat and reproduction, which makes the biological population continuously expand and the distribution area continues to expand steadily, thereby endangering local production and life and changing the local ecological environment.process.
According to the above definition, which of the following is ecological invasions?
A.Due to improper management of a laboratory, the pathogenic tuberculosis strain used for the test was spread out, causing tuberculosis to spread among the surrounding residents
B.American scientists will hybridize wild soybeans imported from China with local varieties to cultivate excellent varieties resistant to soybean chlorosis, which has completely replaced traditional American soybeans
C.A large-scale radionuclide leak in a certain place caused a certain plant to mutate, and its reproduction ability was super strong, gradually replacing other plants in the area
D.The water hyacinth flower from South America is gorgeous and was once introduced into China as an ornamental plant.It caused death in Yunnan Dianchi Lake due to the wild spread of water hyacinth.

a
The IKEA effect means that labor will increase people's feelings about the fruits of labor.When people make things by themselves, they will find their creations particularly valuable.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following best reflects the IKEA effect?
A.Let people make origami by themselves, and then bid together with origami made by others.As a result, everyone is willing to pay a higher price for the origami they make.
B.In order to make cakes for the convenience of a company, a company introduced convenient cake flour to make cakes very simple.
C.The furniture produced by a furniture manufacturer requires the customer to buy the home and complete the assembly and assembly of the home according to the product manual.
D.The school encourages students to make various teaching aids by themselves, which not only exercises the students' practical ability, but also saves teaching costs

c
Confirmatory bias refers to paying too much attention to the information that supports our decision-making.When we subjectively believe that a certain point of view is correct, we tend to look for information that can support this point of view, and ignore the information that may reverse this point of view..
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following confirmatory bias?
A.Xiao Zhang dreamed that his wallet was stolen the night before, and yesterday the wallet was really stolen; last night he dreamed that he was hit by a car, but he didn't dare to go out all day today.
B.Xiao Zhang always felt that the roommate's recent performance was abnormal, as if something had happened.The next day, the public security bureau found Xiao Zhang to inquire about the situation, which confirmed his guess.The roommate was involved in a theft case.
C.Since Xiao Wang's idea of resignation, he always feels that the manager has made him difficult and even looked down on him.Even the manager joked with him, thinking that he was laughing at him.
D.Kobayashi has not been admitted to a key university this year.He knows it is because he is not strong enough, but he always says to his classmates, "If it was not for a cold before the exam, I would definitely do better."

a
The principle of benefiting the defendant when in doubt refers to the fact that in criminal proceedings, it is impossible to find out the facts or the cost of investigating the facts is too high, and the judgment is based on the principle of being beneficial to the defendant.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is performances consistent with this principle?
A.Court pleads not guilty to defendant for lack of direct evidence
B.When it is impossible to determine whether a criminal act exceeds the invalidation of prosecution, prosecution should be pursued
C.The prosecutor's office considers that the defendant's crime is significantly minor and decides to exempt from prosecution
D.When the court finds that the defendant is guilty of several crimes or one crime, he sends it back to the public security organ for additional investigation

b
Cohort influence means that people will always respond to the behavior of others (especially groups); the higher the degree of similarity, the greater the influence.For example, vigorous promotion of a good code of conduct often becomes The so-called "magnetic core" attracts people to follow.
Which of the following practices will not bring influence to the same group?
A.The Water Conservation Office in a certain place informs those users with high water consumption that their water consumption is significantly higher than that of their neighbors.
B.A notice is set up in a forest park to inform those who steal the forest will be fined 10 times the price of the alpine forest
C.The hotel put a banner in the room to remind guests that most guests do not change towels every day
D.The teacher posted little red flowers on the poster, praising those primary school students who have done their homework well and are disciplined

d
Accumulation organs are the accumulation sites of poisons in the body.The concentration of poisons in the accumulation organs is higher than other organs, but it does not necessarily show toxic effects on the accumulation organs.This toxic effect can also be expressed by another organ through some pathophysiological mechanism Out, this organ is called an effector.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is the following judgment correct?
A.Lead in atmospheric pollutants can be transferred and accumulated in human bones after being absorbed by the lungs, damaging the skeletal hematopoietic system, so the organ that stores lead is the lungs
B.Sulfur dioxide in atmospheric pollutants is sucked into the human body through the human upper respiratory tract and trachea, and directly stimulates the upper respiratory tract and trachea, so the upper respiratory tract and trachea are accumulation organs
C.Organophosphate pesticides act on the nervous system and cause accumulation of acetylcholine at synapses, causing symptoms such as drooling and diminished pupils, so the nervous system is an effector of organophosphates
D.The radionuclide deposited on the reticular endothelial system has severe damage to the liver and spleen, causing toxic hepatitis, so the reticular endothelial system is an accumulation organ

c
Occasional defense refers to the fact that the victim is or is about to commit illegal violations against the defendant or another person's body, but the defendant does not realize this subjectively.The use of force against the victim for the purpose of illegal violations has objectively played a role.The effect of personal defense.
According to the above definition, which of the following acts is not accidental defense?
A.A has deep grievances with B.One day after the conflict, A goes home and takes a pistol to kill B.The two happened to be on the road.A shot first and killed B, but B did not know when he shot.The pistol in the right hand has been caught in the pocket and is preparing to shoot it
B.When A was preparing to shoot B, C shot a shot at A later and killed him, but C did not know that A was preparing to kill B at the time of the shot, which was purely for the purpose of revenge and resentment.A.which protects B's life
C.A fierce clash between A and D was drunk, and the two hit each other on the road.When A was about to pick up a roadside brick and beat B, some people in the onlookers shouted "the police are coming." A was frightened and accidentally fell off the road.Bianhegou drowned, B is safe
D.A is wearing a police uniform with an electric baton, posing as a police officer to "grab".When A catches B and searches, B flees after being injured, and A fails to succeed.

a
The beautiful color of corals in the ocean comes from the algae that coexist with them.Zooxanthellae is the most important type of single-celled seaweed.Both take their own needs and want to provide food to each other.Seawater caused by global warming The warming caused a large number of algae such as zooxanthellae to die, which in turn caused the coral itself to die, causing coral reef bleaching.However, research has found that corals can cope with the challenges brought by climate warming by choosing other heat-resistant algae.
Which of the following, if true, would weaken this research finding? ?
A.Some zooxanthellae can tolerate higher seawater temperatures than other heat-resistant algae
B.The formation of some algae's heat resistance requires a long process
C.Some zooxanthellae gradually adapted to the rising sea temperature and survived
D.Dead heat-resistant algae have also been found in some bleached coral reefs

d
Medical studies have shown that eating vitamin and mineral supplements does not significantly help the human body, and sometimes even causes harm to the human body.Some doctors have given advice to stop eating vitamin and mineral supplements and instead should use a balanced diet.Supplement your body with vitamins and minerals.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the results of the above study? ?
A.A 7-year follow-up survey of 30,000 women found that taking vitamin D plus calcium supplements did not harm their bodies
B.An 8-year follow-up survey of 10,000 men showed that not taking vitamins and mineral supplements did not increase their risk of disease
C.A controlled survey of 10,000 elderly people in developed and underdeveloped regions showed no significant differences in their health status
D.A 3-year follow-up survey of 20,000 children shows that children who do not take vitamins and mineral supplements have a higher incidence of malnutrition

c
The four cars of A.B, B, and D were white, silver, blue, and red.When asked about the colors of their respective cars, A said, "B's car is not white." B said, "C's car is red." C said, "Ding's car is not blue." Ding said, "One of A.B, and C's car is red, and only this person is telling the truth."
If Ding is telling the truth, which of the following is the following statement correct?
A.Car A is white and car B is silver
B.B's car is blue, C's car is red
C.C's car is white, D's car is blue
D.Ding's car is silver, A's car is red

b
During an archeological excavation, archeologists found a number of pre-Qin period inscriptions (yin kui, a variant of dragon text) in a Tang dynasty tomb.Experts explained that due to reasons such as rain erosion These pottery pieces from the pre-Qin period were later washed into the tombs of the Tang Dynasty.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the opinions of the above experts? ?
A.Many relics from the Western Han Dynasty were also found in this tomb of the Tang Dynasty
B.This Tang Dynasty tomb is well-preserved, no leaks, no signs of collapse
C.The scriptures were not used only in the pre-Qin period.Tang literati used writing scriptures as their ability.
D.The tomb custom in the Tang Dynasty is to bury the items that the tomb owner loved during his lifetime with the tomb owner

d
In the process of progressing from developing China to economically developed countries, a large amount of capital support is an indispensable condition, and a high reserve ratio is a necessary condition to obtain a large amount of capital.For now, China is in a period of economic take-off, so saving High rates are a normal and reasonable phenomenon in current economic development.
which of the following can be launched?
A.With a lot of capital support, we can achieve a leap from developing China to developed countries
B.With a high savings rate, substantial capital support is available
C.If there is not a lot of capital support, the savings rate is not high
D.The transition to developed countries cannot be achieved without a high savings rate

d
Most of the well-known contemporary animation design masters have left school and started their own animation design careers before graduating from the animation design school.Therefore, some people think that the professional study of animation design will not provide students with a strong future career development.s help.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above argument? ?
A.The masters of animation design all acknowledge that they have taken the basic courses of the animation design school
B.Well-known animation companies attach great importance to the graduate school of the applicant when recruiting designers
C.The survey shows that the average annual income of graduates of animation design schools is significantly higher than graduates of other majors in similar institutions
D.Practitioners with good career development in the animation design industry have basically graduated from animation design schools

b
In the past, the import and export of domestic enterprises could only be settled in U.S.dollars or third-party currencies.Changes in the exchange rate between the signing of the contract and the completion of the contract would cause the actual earnings of the enterprise to fluctuate.Now the bank has launched the RMB settlement business.The domestic currency, contract valuation and the main currency of the company's operations are consistent, and domestic companies can effectively understand the cost and income of the transaction before the contract is signed, thereby preventing exchange rate risks.As a result, companies using cross-border trade RMB settlement business will definitely increase .
Which of the following is true and is the best prerequisite for the above argument? ?
A.With the RMB settlement business of cross-border trade, the number of foreign trade companies will increase
B.When developing trade with domestic enterprises, overseas companies are willing to use RMB as the settlement currency because the value of RMB remains stable
C.With cross-border trade RMB settlement business, domestic companies can more easily carry out cross-border trade to all parts of the world
D.Due to the huge domestic market space, more and more foreign companies are willing to trade with domestic companies

b
The total population of a country has been declining since 2005, and it is expected that by 2100, the total population of the country will be only half of what it is now.For this reason, the government has issued a series of policies to encourage fertility.But until now, the average number of women in the country is only Birth of 1.3 children is far below the level of maintaining a normal population update (2.07).Therefore, some people believe that the government's policies to encourage fertility have not achieved the expected results.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above argument? ?
A.These fertility policies implemented by the government are a long-term national policy that will not show results in a short period of time
B.If the government does not have a fertility policy, the total child population in the country will be much lower than it is now
C.If the government introduces a more effective fertility policy, it could increase the population
D.The total population of the country has been slowly increasing in recent years

b
Country A has produced a new type of fighter su-30, and country B has two different voices on whether to introduce such a fighter.Supporters believe that su-34 has more More powerful ground attack combat capabilities.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the voice of supporters? ?
A.There are other fighters on the market with better performance than the su-34.
B.su-30 is enough to meet the needs of ground attack.At present, what country B needs to improve is its air attack combat capability.
C.There is no actual data showing that the su-34 has a more powerful ground attack capability.
D.At present, there are many frictions between the two countries in bilateral trade, and there will be many practical difficulties in introducing su-34.

b
Negative sanction: refers to the way in which the society punishes members of society that violate social norms by negative means.It is compulsive, forcing members of society to realize the negative consequences of non-compliance with social norms.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is not a negative cut?
A.A sentenced to death for robbery
B.B condemned by neighbours for failing to honor their parents
C.C.was punished by the unit due to misconduct
D.Ding was fired for serious violation of school discipline

b
Conflict management: It is a combination of conflict and management.Conflict refers to the inconsistent differences that people perceive due to some kind of resistance or opposition.Managers must not only resolve conflicts in the organization, but also stimulate functional conflicts.Promote the achievement of organizational goals.
According to the definition above, which of the following is options for conflict management?
A.A company's marketing department and technology department have different opinions due to the positioning of the product.After listening to the opinions of the technology department, the company leaders adopted their opinions.
B.There are often barriers to communication and collaboration between the departments of a company.The company decided to send personnel from each department to the development organization in batches to carry out team collaboration training with significant results.
C.At the topic demonstration meeting, the host encouraged everyone to speak, and some experts' opinions were tit-for-tat.Finally, the host summarized everyone's opinions and made concluding comments.
D.There is a dispute between the determination of the company's goals by the human resources department and the strategy department of a company, and the company's leaders asked the departments to jointly demonstrate the rationality of the plan and eventually form a new plan.

b
Kidov's theorem: refers to the best idea.If the timing is not properly chosen, it will also lead to failure, that is, a correct decision cannot leave the specific place, time, and condition.If these basic prerequisites are deviated, truth is possible Become a fallacy.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is the following that does not conform to Kidov's theorem?
A.The former president of Company A said to his successor: You should not make any decision until you have all the facts
B.Many manufacturers have signed up to participate in the machine tool fair held in a certain city, and the manager of machine tool factory B explicitly refused to participate when receiving the invitation
C.In the 1980s, a severe oil crisis broke out in the world, and the chairman of C Motor Company seized this opportunity to make a decision on automobile transformation
D.In recent years, many water heater factories have invested too much in advertising, which has led to price stagnation.

a
Top-level design: Refers to the overall consideration of all levels and elements of the system, traces the roots, takes the overall picture, and seeks a systematic solution to the problem at the highest level.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is options that do not fit the top-level design?
A.A city government found a problem during the inspection of the implementation effect of landscaping decisions, and the relevant leaders instructed to optimize the greening plan of the North District
B.A company's board of directors convenes relevant experts to draft a plan on the company's expansion of its business scope, overseas acquisition projects, and other issues.After the argument, the board of directors votes
C.An island has conditions such as deep-water ports that are not frozen and silt, and wide sandy beaches.In order to make good use of these resources, the government of the jurisdiction organizes domestic and foreign experts to study island development plans
D.When a software company develops large-scale software, it convenes experts to demonstrate the framework of the software, and on the basis of fully absorbing expert opinions, it establishes software design ideas.

a
Opportunity cost: It means that the same economic entity faces multiple decisions when engaging in an economic activity.If the selected decision is not the most valuable, then the difference between the most valuable decision and the selected decision is the opportunity cost.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is the following understanding of opportunity cost?
A.Xiao Zhao will get 50 yuan if he sells the old book to the newspaper collector, but he sells the book to the dormitory administrator for 20 yuan.He paid the opportunity cost of 30 yuan
B.Xiaozhuang has 10,000 yuan in spare money.He invested in stocks and lost 2,000 yuan.If he invested in futures, he would gain 1,000 yuan.For this, he paid an opportunity cost of 8,000 yuan.
C.Xiao Jia, Xiao Zheng will receive an annual salary of 50,000 if he works in Company A; he will receive an annual salary of 40,000 if he works in Company B; he will receive an annual salary of 30,000 if he works in Company C.As a result, Xiao Jia chooses B Company, Xiao Zheng chose Company C, and they paid the same opportunity cost
D.If Xiao Wang sells the car to Xiao Li, he will get 120,000 yuan; if he sells the car to Xiao Ming, he will get 100,000 yuan.As a result, he sold the car to Xiao Li, and he received an opportunity cost of 20,000 yuan.

b
High-level grafting: A method of cultivating large seedlings by grafting the branches or buds of ornamental trees on a large-sized rootstock to achieve rapid formation of a crown.It is now extended to enrich the economic construction of relatively high-level and higher-quality personnel.And the main battlefield of social development, to achieve the combination of high-level talents and grass-roots organizations, high-quality professional talents and the working masses.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following are most suitable for high grafting?
A.Young professional and technical personnel in the organization system of a provincial health department come to work with academicians
B.A provincial science and technology department organized a senior engineer to take a post in a technology management position in a mountain science and technology enterprise
C.Company A signs a cooperation agreement with Company B, and Company B sends a technician to Company A to serve
D.Professor Zhang, a biotechnology patentee, resigned from his teaching post and set up a business in the mountainous area

c
Receptive field: refers to the range that a person can feel for various stimuli, that is, the stimulated area in the sensory system that can cause a certain nerve cell or nerve fiber response.
According to the above definitions, what does the following do not involve receptive fields?
A.Blind people have different characteristics in touch than those with normal vision
B.Xiao Zhang feels that I am coming today, and after a while, I come
C.In the depths of the ocean, some large fish can make a variety of human-inaudible sounds
D.Xiaoli works in a tannery, and he can distinguish between artificial leather and genuine leather with his hand

d
Ecological house: refers to the use of ecological principles and the principles of ecological balance and sustainable development.Design, organization of various material factors in the internal and external space, so that materials, energy in the building system in an orderly cycle transformation, thereby obtaining Efficient, low consumption, pollution-free, ecologically balanced built environment.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is non-dry ecological houses?
A.The intelligent system is uniformly installed in a residential area.Realizing the constant temperature control of solar energy and conventional heating
B.During the decoration of a house, a water collecting pipe was used to direct rainwater to the central pool of the house for use.
C.Plants and flowers are planted on the roof of an office building in a business district of a city, and the thermal insulation function of noisy and powerful buildings
D.A community sorts and stores garbage sections and clears them in time to improve the recycling of garbage.

d
Isis strategy: refers to a relatively stable strategy adopted by living things for survival and reproduction, that is, if most members of the population adopt a certain strategy, and the benefits of this strategy are not comparable to other strategies, then this This strategy is an evolutionarily stable strategy, or Isis strategy.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following of the Yis strategy?
A.She-wolf breastfeeds tiger cubs
B.Increase apple yield through artificial pollination
C.The battle for the leader among wolves
D.Young antelope runs away when it sees a lion

c
There are usually two usages of a word.One is to use the word to express the object of common celebration.One is to use the word to express itself.Among them, the former usage usually expresses the meaning of the word.It is a referential usage; the latter usage usually expresses the form of the word, which is generally called self-named usage.
According to the above definitions, which of the following black words are self-naming?
A.Women generally prefer pink
B.Elephants generally live in the jungle
C."Other", now generally used "Other"
D."Commodity" refers to labor products that are exchanged

d
Usually, journalists and editors of newspapers are extremely careful in the wording of their articles, but under pressure based on inspiring readers' curiosity and circulation, the difference in taste between "decent" newspapers and "junk" newspapers seems to be narrowing In addition, people's attention duration seems to be short-lived, which exacerbates the aforementioned dilemma.
Which of the following judgments cannot be inferred from the above text?
A.Newspapers are under pressure from sales to capture readers' attention while reporting as accurately as possible
B.Journalists and editors care more about how to inspire readers' curiosity in articles
C.If people's attention to newspaper coverage is not short-lived, the taste of "decent" newspapers will improve
D.The editors of the journalists are extremely careful in the wording of their articles, and they cannot be compared with how they should attract readers' attention.

a
Experienced drivers are fully capable and accustomed to driving on the highway at 120 kilometers per hour.In order to quickly improve the efficiency of road use, the maximum speed limit of a certain highway has been changed from 100 kilometers to 120 kilometers.
If the following items are true, what would most challenge the above claims?
A.Statistics show that the accident rate significantly increases when the driving speed reaches 120 kilometers, which affects the use efficiency of the expressway.
B.The speed limit of 120 kilometers per hour cannot quickly improve the efficiency of highway use, because high-speed driving has high technical requirements
C.When the speed reaches 120 kilometers per hour, the fuel consumption of the car will increase significantly.Considering the price of fuel, most drivers still relax the throttle.
D.Although the speed limit has been relaxed to 120 kilometers per hour, on many roads, many drivers are concerned about this speed.

b
The bee brain weighs only a few milligrams, but can perform certain tasks like mammals, such as leading the way for companions, building homes, etc.Elephant brains are 5 million times the size of bees, but they are extremely inefficient.Neural signals come from one end of the brain It takes 100 times as long to pass to the other end and from the brain to the toes.Some people think that the human brain may not be as extreme as an elephant or a bee, but as long as it evolves, the number of neurons will increase And we will be smarter.
If the following items are true, what would most challenge the above claims?
A.The brain of a cow is 800 times larger than a mouse, but a cow is not much smarter than a mouse
B.Neurons are proteins used to generate electrical impulses, and they are inherently unstable
C.The most obvious way to make human brain stronger is to increase brain capacity
D.Bees have limited brain capacity, but can maximize the function of the nervous system

b
Scientists have recently discovered that the small dinosaur named "Zheng's Xiaoting Dragon" is a "relative" of the Archaeopteryx and is very close to the Survival and Late Jurassic Archaeopteryx.The phylogenetic relationship of the species was reanalyzed, and it was found that the archaeopteryx was not a bird, but the primitive Deinonychus, that is, the archaeopteryx was the ancestor of the raptor, not the bird.
If the following items are true, which of the following is the most important question?
A.Deinonychus are a class of birds closely related to dinosaurs
B.Deinonychus are a group of dinosaurs that are closely related to birds
C.A theropod dinosaur evolved into a herbivorous dinosaur and evolved into a bird
D.Archaeopteryx specimens have been considered the most primitive and oldest birds ever since they were named

b
"Fast food method" is more popular in some Asian regions such as Japan and Taiwan.This method is to replace solid food with low-calorie diet such as fruit juice, vegetable soup and clear water for three meals a day for three to ten days in order to achieve detoxification.Fat burning and weight loss effects.
If the following are true, which one does not weaken the above view the most?
A.When the body's daily calorie intake is too low, blood sugar or blood pressure may occur
B.Obese people's body intake is too low, which will accelerate the burning of fat and positive changes in renal function
C.Eating vegetables can promote intestinal peristalsis, but its calories are too low, and excessive consumption will interfere with metabolism
D.A low-calorie diet can cause toxins in the body to lose activity due to lack of nutrition, but at the same time there is a risk of obesity due to early metabolic disturbances.

d
Plant growth regulators are a class of substances that have inhibitory or promoting effects on the growth and development of plants.They include artificially synthesized compounds and natural plant hormones extracted from living things.They are currently widely used in agricultural production around the world and are aimed at people's safety.Questions about sex.Industry insiders point out that according to the results of batch testing, no plant growth regulators can be found.Therefore, the safety of plant growth regulators can be considered to be more reliable.
Which of the following is true and most likely to question the views of those in the industry?
A.After spraying the plant growth regulator, it will exist in the soil for a long time and it is not easy to decompose.
B.Some developed countries have strict regulations on the use of plant growth regulators
C.From past experience, even widely used products may not be safe
D.Some plant growth regulators may cause disease even if the content is not detected

c
According to a study by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, tobacco use is the leading preventable cause of death, and 5 million people worldwide die from tobacco-related diseases each year.Among them, 600,000 die from second-hand smoke each year, and more than a quarter child.
If the following are true, which one can most doubt the above viewpoint?
A.More than 5 million people worldwide die each year from diseases caused by insufficient exercise
B.More than 5 million people worldwide die each year from diseases caused by irregular lives
C.Preventable causes of death of not less than 14.5 million people worldwide each year are not tobacco-related diseases
D.Diseases caused by improper psychological adjustment each year become the primary preventable cause of death for human beings

a
Xia Yan, Jia Shu, and Zheng Wei went to travel together.For the convenience of taking photos, everyone took a classmate's camera and carried another student's bag.
If the person carrying Zheng Wei's bag is holding Jia Shu's camera, which of the following is true?
A.Jia Shu has Zheng Wei's camera
B.Zheng Wei's camera is Jia Shu
C.Zheng Wei carried Xia Yan's bag
D.Jia Shu carrying Zheng Wei's bag

a
An organ intends to hold a special national defense education event on the National Defense Education Day.As for the form of the event, the organizers A.B, and C have the following opinions: A: If you are engaged in reading lectures, knowledge contests, then do not engage in cultural performances Thematic exhibitions.B: If you don't engage in literary performances and special exhibitions, then engage in reading lectures and knowledge competitions.C: Don't engage in reading lectures and knowledge competitions.
The opinion of only one of the three mentioned above is consistent with the final result.which is the final result?
A.Engage in reading lectures, knowledge contests, art performances and special exhibitions
B.Engaging in reading lectures, knowledge contests, not performing art performances and special exhibitions
C.Performing art performances and special exhibitions, not reading books, lectures, and knowledge contests
D.Do not engage in reading lectures, knowledge contests, cultural performances and special exhibitions

b
After the central government made a new round of strategic deployment in support of Xinjiang, a unit quickly formed a recommendation group with the party office, personnel office, and business office to determine the candidates for the cadres to assist Xinjiang.The recommendations of these three departments are: Party office: from One, two, and three are selected from one to two.The personnel department: If you do n’t choose A.you do n’t choose B and C.The business department: If you do n’t choose B and C, you choose A.
In the following options, which of the following is the plan that can meet the opinions of the party office, personnel office and business office at the same time?
A.Send B and C instead of A
B.No B and C, A
C.Send B, not A and C
D.Select C and not A and B

d
The "social person" hypothesis is a management-related humanity hypothesis put forward by organizational behaviorists.The "social person" hypothesis believes that the material benefits people get in the work are secondary to mobilizing their enthusiasm for production, and people attach the greatest importance to work.China is friendly with the people around it, and good interpersonal relationships play a decisive role in motivating people to work.
According to the above definition, which of the following is a management method based on the "social person" assumption?
A.Employee bonuses are linked to performance and a secret pay system is implemented
B.Encourage and support employees to participate in vocational training in their spare time
C.Implement different management measures for employees of different ages
D.Upper and lower levels participate in research and discussion of corporate decisions to varying degrees

d
Obedience means that one party in the interaction voluntarily or kingly adjusts its behavior and acts according to the other party's requirements, that is, one party obeys the other party.The meaning of obedience is broader than obedience.Besides the meaning of obedience, it also refers to the Both or all parties adjust their behavior to achieve mutual adaptation.
According to the above definition, Which of the following behaviors are compliant
A.Wang often puts garbage at the door of his house, which affects the environmental sanitation in the residential building.After the neighbors advised him, the door of Wang's house became clean.
B.Xiaoyan often completes various tasks well, and the manager praises her and gives her a reward at the employee meeting based on Xiaoyan's performance
C.A food factory was fined 200,000 yuan due to unfair competition.The factory filed an administrative review on the ground that the fine was too heavy, and the superior industrial and commercial department made a fine of 100,000 yuan.
D.Qiangsheng Company and Rongfa Company intend to cooperate, and after many rounds of fierce consultations, both parties have reduced their conditions and thus achieved the cooperation goal.

b
Experiential marketing refers to the way companies use target customers to observe, listen, try, and try out, so that they can personally experience the products or services provided by the company, and allow customers to actually perceive the quality or performance of the products or services, thereby promoting customer awareness, preferences, and A marketing method for buying.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following adopt the experience marketing method:
A.A beauty company held a consumer association with the theme of "parent-child education" to pass the business philosophy of "for the sake of consumers" to potential customers
B.A clothing company invites wholesalers to participate in its product promotion briefing, where performances, small competitions, and new product trials are arranged.
C.In order to maintain the leading position in the industry, a company has held a number of national industry seminars and invited some of its consumers to participate in the seminar.
D.A cosmetics company first opens foreign markets, establishes an international brand image, and then spreads sales by TV shopping in China, gradually occupying the domestic market

b
Administrative instructions refer to the methods by which administrative subjects rely on the authority of administrative organizations to use administrative means, including administrative orders, instructions, rules, regulations, rules, and other measures, to carry out administrative management activities in accordance with the system and level of administrative organizations.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following description is not an administrative instruction
A.Director of Sports issues awards in recognition of athletes and coaches who have achieved outstanding results in the National Games
B.Consumer Association and China Household Electrical Appliances Association formally released the "Solar Water Heater Selection Guide"
C.Emergency call notification from the Municipal Education Bureau, asking the city's primary and secondary schools, kindergartens to strengthen campus safety management
D.The Municipal Fire Brigade issued a Notice of Order Correction for illegal projects that were not constructed without the fire protection design record.

d
Policy income refers to the individual income caused by changes in certain policies and regulations.This income will not lead to the growth of the entire social wealth, but only to the redistribution of the entire social wealth.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are related to policy benefits:
A.As the city's relevant departments jointly rectify the operating environment, the efficiency of the bookstore operated by Xiao Zhang has obviously improved, and the monthly turnover has increased by 5,000 yuan
B.The gangster wanted to commit murder, and Xiao Wang came forward and subdued the gangster, so he won the city government's righteousness award of 50,000 yuan.
C.Due to the country's efforts to develop the western region, a county received a 50 million yuan special water conservancy construction fund
D.Due to the interest rate adjustment, Xiao Li's deposit interest has increased by 100 yuan per month compared to the previous

a
Supplementary administrative actions refer to administrative actions in which the subject of the administrative entity attaches subordinate attributes to the main content based on actual needs in addition to the administrative regulations.The appendix here is a condition and an administrative subject (not an administrative regulation).The future is uncertain of the facts or acts, and whether the conditions are met will determine the effectiveness of the legal act.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are administrative actions with supplementary payments:
A.A provincial price bureau stipulated in the price approval of Pediatric Broad Spectrum Antidiarrheal Oral Liquid that each box of the drug should not be higher than 36 yuan, and this price will be implemented from September 30, 2009
B.The decision made by a tax office for Wang (now working outside the country) for tax evasion is to impose a fine of 1,500 yuan on Wang, and pay the fine and tax arrears after Wang returns to his hometown.
C.Liu Mou, a traffic police officer, made a penalty decision of 100 yuan for speeding, and informed Liu that he should pay the penalty to the designated place within the prescribed time.
D.In order to develop the local economy, a city's people's government plans to establish a high-tech industrial development zone in the south of the city within the next five years to attract a group of high-tech enterprises to invest

c
Reverse induction refers to the measures or propaganda activities adopted by the government, the media and other subjects.In actual social life, not only did not receive the expected results, but led to a large number of social phenomena contrary to expectations.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are reverse induced:
A.In order to let the audience take off their hats, a theater issued a notice on the screen: "This hospital allows the elderly to wear hats to watch." As a result of the announcement, many audiences took off their hats.
B.A certain unit required employees to dress uniformly, but as a result, there were strong objections from many female employees in the unit.
C.Water supply is relatively tight in the hot season.A city's water company posted a notice informing the public that the water supply will not be stopped in the near future.As a result, many citizens store large quantities of water in their homes.
D.A TV station broadcast a lecture on the prevention of mental illness.Many citizens took the seat and felt that they had mental illness.

a
Bionic design studies take "shape", "color", "tone", "function", "structure", etc.of everything in nature as research objects, and selectively apply these characteristic principles in the design process, combined with the study of bionics The results provide new ideas for design.New principles, new methods and new approaches.Among them, the main graduate students of structural bionic design studies of the internal structural principles of the existence of objects and natural substances in design apply to product design and apply to product design and architectural design.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are structural bionic designs:
A.The designer invented the submarine based on the principle of the fish
B.Scientists have created an electronic fish trap that mimics the sound of fish
C.Inspired by the chameleon, the military designed camouflage clothing suitable for field operations
D.Our ancestors had nests inspired by birds nesting in trees and inventing "nests" to defend against beast attacks

d
Informal organizations are groups of people formed on the basis of feelings, personalities, and similar interests in joint work or mutual contact.These groups are not restricted by the administrative department and management level of formal organizations, and there are no formal formal regulations.Structure, but some specific relationship structures are formed within it, and their own "leaders" naturally emerge, forming some unwritten codes of conduct and norms.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following groups of people are informal organizations:
A.Pharaoh's birthday, invited more than ten colleagues to party in his home
B.Xiao Liu plays football with several young people in his unit after work
C.Xiao Zhang is the head of the arts department of the student union of the school.After his introduction, several students participated in the performances.
D.Several retired employees spontaneously set up a folk art club for the elderly to perform in the community on weekends

d
According to statistics from a well-known real estate agency, the sales volume of commercial housing in the top ten cities in the country in the second week of September 2010 showed an overall upward trend, and it was more obvious than last week in August.This trend develops.In September or the highest level of transaction volume since the innovation policy, although it is not clear that the property market has fully recovered, the pressure on property price regulation in the future is still very great.
Which of the following are most likely to be assumed by the above argument:
A.Real estate speculators invest a lot of money in the property market
B.Insufficient regulation and control measures on property prices
C.Consumer enthusiasm for house purchases has not diminished
D.The increase in the transaction volume of the property market will drive the rise in property prices

c
Researchers believe that if mothers are exposed to more pesticides in the first few months of pregnancy, the babies born may be less intelligent.They believe that the embryonic brain begins to develop shortly after pregnancy, so the pre-pregnancy is the baby's brain In the critical period of development, exposure to more pesticides may change the environment around the developing embryo's brain in pregnant women.
Which of the following, if true, would best support a researcher's point of view?
A.Many babies are born early due to their mothers' exposure to pesticides
B.Insecticides are a potential threat to people's health, and it can also cause many diseases such as Parkinson's disease, cancer and mental illness
C.Previous research has found that increased exposure to pesticides can cause thyroid problems in pregnant women, and the thyroid status of pregnant women can affect the intellectual development of the fetus
D.Researchers conducted a follow-up survey of 1,500 pregnant women and found that children born to pregnant women who were more exposed to pesticides performed significantly worse in mathematics and language

b
Knowing oneself and knowing one another can make every battle a success.This sentence also applies to interpersonal communication.A person must first understand himself before he can understand others; anyone can only trust those who fully understand him, including himself.Imagine if a person does not understand at all You, how can he be trusted?
From this you can exit:
A.You can trust others only if you trust yourself
B.If you don't know yourself, you won't be trusted by anyone
C.He knows you well, so he deserves your trust
D.Know yourself well enough to gain the trust of many people

d
After analyzing a group of dinosaur bone fossils born in Sichuan, the researchers found that the arsenic, barium, chromium, uranium, and rare earth elements in the bone fossils are extremely high.Compared with modern terrestrial animals, the toxic elements in their bodies are much higher.Hundreds or even thousands of times higher, so some paleontologists speculate that these dinosaurs died of chronic poisoning.
If the following are true, the above speculations cannot be questioned:
A.Toxic elements in the soil near dinosaur fossils will infiltrate evolutionary rocks
B.There are many corresponding detoxification elements in dinosaur fossils
C.These dinosaur fossils are all old dinosaurs, which belong to natural death
D.There are few toxic elements in the plant fossils near the dinosaur fossils

c
From the perspective of the development of the world economy, if a country or region's economy maintains a steady growth rate, the prices of most goods and services will inevitably rise accordingly, as long as this increase is always within a smaller range.Can have a negative impact on the economy.
It can be inferred that within a certain period of time:
A.If the price of most commodities rises, it means that the economy has been growing steadily.
B.If most commodity prices increase too much, it will necessarily have a negative impact on the country's economy
C.If most commodity prices do not rise, the country's economy has not maintained steady growth
D.If the level of economic development declines, most of the country's commodity prices

b
In order to alleviate the traffic pressure, Beijing implements a motor vehicle restriction policy.Each motor vehicle is restricted for one day from Monday to Friday, and it is not restricted for weekends.A company has five vehicles, A.B, C, D, and E.It guarantees at least four vehicles per day Vehicles can go on the road.Known: E cars are restricted on Thursday, B cars were restricted on yesterday.From today, both A and C cars can go on the road for four consecutive days, and E cars can go on the road tomorrow.
From this we can see that the following speculations must be correct:
A.Today is Saturday
B.Today is Thursday
C.A car restricted on Wednesday
D.C cars are restricted on Friday

d
The price of crude oil futures rose to US $ 147 per barrel in the first half of 2008, 4.2 times the price in the same period of 2000, with an average annual growth rate of 20%, while the average annual growth rate of the world economy was about 5%, and world oil consumption demand did not appear.Jumping, sharp growth.This shows that the rapid rise in crude oil prices is not caused by changes in the world's oil supply and demand, but is the result of crazy speculation by international speculative capital in the oil futures market.
If the following are true, which one cannot question the above inference?
A.From 2000 to 2008, governments of various countries generally increased their strategic oil reserves
B.Smaller economic growth always leads to greater growth in oil demand
C.The rate of change in oil demand and the rate of change in oil prices are not symmetrical
D.Even for international speculative capital, investing in oil futures is risky

c
A recent study found that regular drinking of yogurt reduces the risk of tooth decay in children.Prior to this, researchers also suggested that yogurt can prevent tooth decay in children, and studies have shown that butter, cheese and milk have no obvious effect on preventing tooth decay.Although drinking more yogurt has a protective effect on children's teeth, the reason why yogurt can reduce the risk of tooth decay is still unclear.At present, it is said that the protein contained in yogurt has adhered to the tooth surface, thereby preventing harmful acids from attacking the teeth.
Which of the following, if true, would best support this research finding?
A.The protein content of butter, cheese and milk is not as rich as that of yogurt, and it is not obvious in children's teeth
B.The enamel of children's gums is in the immature stage, and its ability to resist acid corrosion is low.Artificial sugared yogurt will increase the risk of tooth decay.
C.Studies have shown that children who eat yogurt at least 4 times a week can reduce the incidence of tooth decay by 15%
D.The world is where scientists from many countries are studying the role of yogurt in preventing tooth decay in children

b
When it comes to polar ice, many people always see a white, flawless, crystal clear landscape.However, in the Arctic Ocean near 71 degrees north latitude and 168 degrees west longitude, the "Snow Dragon" entered the "dirty" ice area for the first time.I saw a piece of pale blue floating ice mixed with many dirty yellow ice cubes.This kind of yellow ice cubes appeared on the fresh ice cubes of the year and also on the multi-year ice cubes.The term "pollution has spread to polar ice floes", and some experts explain that this is just a peculiar creature living in polar ice-yellow-brown ice algae.
If the following are true, which of the following can refute the expert's view is:
A.It takes years to form ice algae on fresh ice
B.Ice algae growth in Arctic ice is not common
C.The number of times people have stepped on the North Pole has increased year by year
D.Terrestrial weather around the Arctic Ocean

b
Xiao Wang, Xiao Zhang, Xiao Li, and Xiao Gu four roommates predict the results of an exam.Xiao Wang: I think everyone can live this time! Xiao Zhang: How is it possible? Didn't you see me clouded? Xiao Li: Xiao Gu is definitely fine.Xiao Gu: Please! If I'm fine, everyone will be fine.After the results are announced, it proves that only one of the four is wrong.
The statement is wrong:
A.Xiao Wang
B.Xiao Zhang
C.Xiao Li
D.Gu

b
Orthotropic movement refers to the directional movement of plants caused by external stimuli in a single direction.It mainly includes phototropic movement, gravitational movement, tactile movement and chemotropic movement.It is an irreversible movement process.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are tropic movements:
A.a puppy that is repeatedly seduced by bones, keeps drooling when it sees the bones again
B, the root of rice always grows in the direction of more fertilizer in the soil
C, the morning glory petals unfold in the morning, and the petals close when the sun shines at noon
D, the shade plant grows better in the shade than in the direct sunlight

c
The design principle of natural matching refers to the design of products that allow users to understand how to use them at a glance by using the physical environment analogy to cultural standard concepts.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following designs do not meet the principles of natural matching design:
A.control the switches of a row of lights, keeping the order of the switches in line with the order of the lights
B, the design of the steering wheel when driving is to turn the steering wheel clockwise to turn right, and turn the steering wheel counterclockwise to turn left
C, 0 on the phone dialing key is placed in the middle of the last line, which is consistent with the principle of less frequent use of 0
D.When controlling the indoor air-conditioning temperature, press "+" to increase the temperature, and press "-" to decrease the temperature.

b
The phenomenon of biological holography refers to the phenomenon in which the entire body contains the entire information, whether it can be directly or indirectly visible, and is also called biological holography.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not life holographic phenomena:
A.a new sheep is produced from sheep somatic cells through cloning technology
B, after the gecko's tail is broken, you can grow a new tail again
C, a branch of rose flowers can develop into a new individual through poor branch conservation
D, an earthworm is cut into several sections, and each section can grow into a complete earthworm

d
Potential talents refer to talents that have not been recognized, including two types of unsuccessful potential talents and masked potential talents.Unsuccessful potential talents have seen initial results and have not yet achieved final results; masked potential talents are already talented, but their creative labor The results of this were not recognized by society, or morality could not be properly evaluated, and was buried.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are unsuccessful potential talents:
A.Luo Jun's "quantized jumping" investment theory, although only a few months after its introduction, has achieved remarkable results
B, Su Bin's original soft management has achieved results in practice, but it has been tried on a small scale and has not been promoted.
C, Zhao Li came to sell cosmetics.Despite the good quality and fair price of the product, few people paid for it.
D, Zhang Qiang's first-phase results have been used well, and the company has decided to consider entering the market if the remaining problems can be solved in the second phase

c
The consumer's net income is the difference between the price a consumer is willing to pay to obtain a product and the actual price he paid to obtain the product.The consumer's net income measures the additional benefits that the buyer feels he has received.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options reflect consumer net income:
A.Ms.Li just issued a monthly salary of 4,000 yuan, and plans to use all the money to buy clothes.After shopping in the mall on the weekend, I found that 1,000 yuan was left unfinished
B, a home buyer pays the monthly mortgage payment with a monthly salary, which is deducted directly from the salary card on a regular basis, leaving 500 yuan a month.
C, Manager Zhang intends to spend 20,000 yuan to buy a watch he likes, but after price negotiation, the final 18,000 yuan was sold, saving 2,000 yuan over the original
D, Xiao Liu spent 500 yuan to invite a friend to dinner in a hotel.The hotel finally gave him a 100 yuan return coupon, which can be used at the hotel next time.

b
The "owner" effect means that in the information receiving activity, the listener feels that the communicator of the information is similar or similar to himself in many aspects, and psychologically positions it as "owner", thus improving the communicator ) Influence.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following can produce "self" effects:
A.the class teacher called a few students who were delayed in studying online to the office, and said earnestly: "I came from middle school just like you.We didn't know what the Internet was at that time, and we focused on our studies.."
B, a salesman said to customers when selling CDs for early childhood English education for children: "My son is as old as your daughter.When I was three years old, I used this CD to learn English.I especially like the cartoon characters inside.Simple communication."
C, Lincoln came from a civilian family, and when he was running for president, one of his very rich competitors attacked his poor birth.Lincoln responded: "I really have nothing to rely on, the only thing you can rely on is you My dear voters."
D, a good-looking star, a slim star makes an endorsement for a weight-loss product on TV, and the slogan is: "You can be as beautiful as me."

b
Jointly dangerous acts refer to torts in which two or more persons jointly carry out acts that endanger the safety of others and cause damage, but the actual offender cannot be determined.After the establishment of a common dangerous act, although the real offender can only be one of them or Some people, but if it is impossible to determine who is the actual offender, several people who jointly carry out the dangerous behavior bear joint and several liability.
According to the above definition, Which of the following judgments are correct:
A.Wang was killed and killed on a highway late one night.Afterwards, it was found that a total of five vehicles passed the section at that time, but the vehicles involved could not be identified.The behavior of the five drivers constituted a common dangerous behavior.
B, the three of them drunk and threw glass bottles downstairs, and one of the bottles smashed a passerby seriously injured.The three's behavior constituted a common dangerous behavior.
C, Zhao parked the motor vehicle downstairs of a resident, and found that the car was hit by a flower pot that fell downstairs early the next morning, and the vehicle was severely damaged.As it was impossible to determine from which house the flower pot fell, all the people in the building Households assume joint and several liability for common dangerous behavior
D, Huang and other four people quarreled with each other due to trivial matters, and then beat each other.Bystanders Zeng Mou stepped forward to persuade him, and was pulled down in the process of pulling.Zeng Mou was trampled by the four people to cause injuries.

a
People usually refer to art activities as playwrights creating scripts, songwriters and songwriters as second-time creation, and second-time creation is the performance of directors, singers, performers and other performers on the stage or screen using artistic methods, the product of the first creation Expressed artistic activity.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options are second-degree creations:
A.at the traditional cultural concert for college students, members of a folk band from a university in Henan played an ancient song "Qin Wang Po Zhen Le" with bamboo flute.
B, based on the story content of the first long narrative poem "Peacock Flies to the Southeast" in the history of Chinese literature, the playwright created a modern version of the movie "Peacock Flies to the Southeast"
C, a famous singer was hired by the music department of a university and taught vocal lessons to first-year college students according to the textbook "Selected Vocal Music" compiled by the department.
D.The photojournalist compiled his own videos about the natural conditions, social customs, and humanities of African tribes, and organized the documentary `` Exotic Wonders '', and transformed it into a documentary director.

c
The critical temperature refers to the highest temperature at which a substance changes from the gas phase to the liquid phase.Each substance has a specific temperature above which no matter how the pressure is increased, the gaseous substance will not liquefy.This temperature is the critical temperature.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are the changes caused by reaching the critical temperature:
A.popsicles taken out of the refrigerator in the summer emit white gas at room temperature
B, when cooking, the water will become water vapor when heated above 100 ℃
C, the helium in the air can be changed into liquid by pressurizing only -268 ℃
D, natural gas under normal pressure, when cooled to -162 ° C, it changes from gaseous to liquid, which is called liquefied natural gas

c
The causal connection between phenomena means that the existence of a phenomenon necessarily causes another phenomenon to occur, then there is a causal connection between the two phenomena.One of the methods to explore the causal relationship between phenomena is the same method, which means: The phenomenon under study occurs on different occasions, and only one situation is common in each occasion, then the only common situation is causally related to the phenomenon.
According to the above definition, the correct application of the same method is as follows:
A.comparing a group of patients with gastric ulcer and a group of non-patients.The only difference between the two groups is that the patient's stomach is infected with H.pylori, and the non-patient is not infected.It can be inferred that H.pylori infection may be the cause of gastric ulcer.
B, comparing students with different creativity, and found that when other things are the same, the stronger the divergent thinking, the stronger the creativity; vice versa.It follows that there is a causal connection between divergent thinking and creativity.
C, there were many people poisoning in a village, the age, sex, family situation, and diet of the villagers were different, but they all cited water from public wells.The police inferred that the well water might be the cause of the villagers' poisoning.
D.Some psychologists have found that 75% of people with antisocial personality are narrow-minded.It can be inferred that narrow-mindedness may be the cause of the formation of antisocial personality.

c
The census results of 200,000 stars confirmed that the mysterious force that tears the universe at an increasing rate comes from dark energy.This 5-year survey result of the galaxy further supports the current popular mysterious dark energy operation theory-dark As a monotheistic constant force, Neng Tong uniformly affects the universe and controls the rapid expansion of the universe.However, proponents of the theory of gravity insist that dark energy has not caused the universe to expand, and galaxies are pulled by gravity and separated from neighboring galaxies Gravity is what causes space to separate and causes the universe to expand further.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the views of the proponents of gravity?
A.Many research results have confirmed the existence of dark energy
B.Astronomers observe that the expansion of the universe is currently slowing
C.The force that causes the galaxy to be pulled away from neighboring galaxies by dark energy
D.Whether gravitational theory can be used to explain the expansion of the universe needs further study

d
In a study, scientists analyzed demographic data from the United States and 39 European countries from 1964 to 2007.They found that from 1964 to 1975, the birth rate of male babies was higher than that of female babies.After 1986 A similar phenomenon has also occurred in many Eastern European countries.Scientists have analyzed that this phenomenon is closely related to nuclear power plant leaks and nuclear radiation leaks caused by nuclear tests.It is likely related to the Chernobyl nuclear accident.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.According to data analysis, the male birth rate in Japan after World War II has not increased significantly compared with some European countries.
B.Under normal circumstances, the birth rate of men is generally slightly higher than that of women, the ratio is about 105: l00, but the average life expectancy of women is higher than that of men, so the ratio of men and women is usually balanced
C.Research data show that after the Chernobyl nuclear accident, the proportion of newborn boys and girls born in Ukraine's recent Belarus is higher than in distant France
D.The experimental results show that nuclear radiation particles have certain damage to the X chromosome in sperm.After being exposed to nuclear radiation, the male offspring have a higher birth rate than females.

b
Giant ants are species that lived 50 million years ago in the Eocene period.Their fossils were mostly found in tropical Africa in the past.Now paleontologists have found such fossils in the Arctic strata, so they speculated that The Arctic in the New Era has a periodic high temperature stage.
The underlying assumptions of the above inference are:
A.The Arctic has historically been connected to the African continent
B.Giant ants are a species only suitable for survival in high temperature environments
C.The phenomenon of global warming once appeared in the prehistoric era 50 million years ago
D.Compared to tropical regions in Africa, biological fossils are easier to preserve in frozen Arctic environments

a
Traditional psychoanalysts believe that the birth of mother-to-child attachment is due to the fact that when the mother feeds the baby, it will reduce the baby's hunger and thus satisfy the baby.The baby will remember this satisfaction and reduce the hunger and mother's The connection is made, so the baby likes the mother more.Closer to the mother.
Which of the following phenomena can weaken the above view?
A.Newborn babies prefer cotton female monkeys who are warm but not food, rather than cold female mothers who provide food
B.The duckling treats the feeding owner as his mother and runs to the owner for help when encountering danger
C.Rhododendron will lay its own eggs in the nests of other birds, and these birds will treat it as their own children after hatching
D.The staff of the reserve are dressed as pandas when they feed the panda cubs, and they hope that the panda cubs can recognize their mothers.

a
When a plant is exposed to pests, volatile compounds are usually synthesized inside its leaves to attract natural enemies of the pests.In general, to protect themselves from pests, the plant adjusts its own odor and exaggerates the degree of damage, thereby attracting more pests.The researchers believe that the discovery is expected to help scientists develop environmentally friendly pest control methods.
The one that best illustrates the above phenomenon is:
A.When a certain herbivorous pest eats grass, the grass emits a lavender-like smell to attract wasps, and this kind of pest is just a good meal for wasps
B.Mirabilis can attract Japanese chafers like magnets.After the Japanese chafers ate jasmine, they were poisoned soon.
C.When diamondback moth larvae invade cabbage, cabbage releases a large amount of volatile substances that are harmful to diamondback moth, thereby driving away diamondback moth
D.Willow trees attacked by caterpillars will produce resistance substances, willow trees that have not been bitten 3 meters away also produce this resistance substance

b
Hou Shu, Dali, Wu Yue, and the South Han Dynasty intend to participate in four different alliances such as Northwest, Southwest, Northeast, and Southeast, and the four countries participate in different alliances.(1) Only Hou Shu participates in the Southwest Alliance, and South Han participates in Northeast Alliance; (2) If South Han participates in the Northeast Alliance, Dali participates in the Southwest Alliance; (3) Hou Shu, at least one country in Dali intends to participate in the Southwest Alliance; (4) If South Han participates in the Northwest or Southwest Alliance, Wu Yue does not participate in Northwest or Southwestern Union.
Based on the above statement, which of the following conclusions can be drawn?
A.South Han intends to join the Southwest Alliance
B.South Han intends not to participate in the Southwest Alliance
C.Wu Yue intends to join the Northeast Alliance
D.Wu Yue intends not to participate in the Northeast Alliance

a
In order to ensure the quality and safety of edible oils, state functional agencies should strengthen the management of edible oils, and only supervise the production, processing, and sales of edible oils.Of course, it can reduce the harm to the public health of trench oil, but not to the use of trenches.Oil catering companies punish, and trench oil will never stay away from our dining table.
From this we can infer:
A.Only by punishing catering companies that use gutter oil can we keep it away from our tables
B.If we do not supervise the production, processing and sales of edible oil, we cannot prevent the trench oil from entering the table
C.If catering companies are regulated, they are strictly prohibited from using ground oil, which will prevent ground oil from entering the table
D.Only by monitoring the production, processing, and sales of edible oil can we prevent trench oil from entering the table

d
Researchers conducted questionnaire surveys and cognitive tests on 1003 elderly people over the age of 70 in a country.The results of the survey found that the elderly who used to drink more than 2 cups of green tea per day and the elderly who used to drink less than 3 cups of green tea per week In contrast, the former is about half as likely to suffer from cognitive impairment as the latter, and regular drinking of juice and coffee has no effect.Researchers believe that regular drinking of green tea may delay brain aging and reduce the risk of Alzheimer's.
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the above conclusion?
A.Those in the survey who are accustomed to drinking more than 2 cups of green tea a day are healthier
B.Seniors who drink less than 3 cups of green tea per week in the survey prefer to drink juice and coffee
C.Studies have shown that green tea contains caffeine and other substances, and long-term drinking can lead to reduced sleep quality
D.The elderly in the survey who drink less than 3 cups of green tea per week also do not like drinking water, and brain dehydration is the main cause of dementia

b
Dust is the biggest problem for humans to set up bases on Mars and the Moon.Dust particles not only reduce the sensitivity of the detector, but also cause wear on the spacesuit.Recently, researchers have found that the vibration effect of using stereo speakers can eliminate surface dust, thereby Solve this headache.
Which of the following, if true, would most undermine the addiction?
A.The speaker can release noise of different audio frequencies.Only the audio frequency is high enough to form a strong pressure to remove the dust attached to the instruments and equipment.
B.Sound is a pressure wave propagating in the air.Previous experiments were simulated experiments on the earth and are not suitable for space.
C.The temperature difference between day and night on the surface of the moon is very large, which can reach hundreds of degrees Celsius.The speaker needs to be made of special materials to work properly.
D.The air on Mars is thin, sand particles are suspended, and dust storms often occur.This requires continuous speaker operation to ensure dust removal.

c
Telomeres are DNA repeats at the ends of chromosomes, which are used to maintain the integrity of chromosomes.Each time DNA is copied, telomeres are shortened a bit.Once telomeres are exhausted, chromosomes are susceptible to mutation and cause arteriosclerosis or susceptible This is a type of cancer that some have speculated to be able to calculate human life using the length of telomere DNA.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above speculation?
A.Experiments have shown that telomere length is related to aging and related diseases in people over 60 years of age, but it is not related to young people.
B.The use of telomeres for the "length of life" test will bring a sense of internal tension and anxiety to the subject, and the results may raise related ethical issues
C.The study found that the length of a person's initial telomere DNA has been determined from birth, and there is great shame due to different people.The maximum length can reach 20,000 alkali plug pairs, and the shortest is only 3,000.Base pair
D.Blood sample telomere DNA analysis is a commonly used analysis method in laboratories, which requires a large amount of blood, takes time and effort, and the accuracy of the measurement is greatly affected by the level of technology

c
The pricing strategy for fat removal refers to the use of consumers' innovation and curiosity to seize the opportunity when competitors have not yet appeared or the competition is not fierce, and set the price of the product high to obtain as much as possible in the short term.Profit, a pricing strategy to recover the investment as soon as possible.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following behaviors are part of the fat pricing strategy:
A.a star hotel was renovated and opened, raising the standard room price by 200 yuan
B, due to the increase in the price of raw materials, a car dealer asked the orderer to pay the car
C, a certain brand of clothing deals with out-of-season clothing at a discount, but sells new products at high prices
D, a shopping mall raises the original price of goods during the holiday season, and then promotes it with attractive discounts

b
The Gaia hypothesis believes that the living and non-living bodies of the Earth form a complex system that can interact with each other.This hypothesis is divided into a strong Gaia hypothesis and a weak Gaia hypothesis.Among them, the weak Gaia hypothesis holds that various organisms on the earth effectively Regulates the temperature and chemical composition of the atmosphere.While the organism affects the biological environment, the environment also reflects the process of biological evolution.The strong Gaia hypothesis further believes that the earth is a huge organism with the ability to self-regulate.The health of the organism can even eliminate those harmful factors on its own.
According to the above definition, the weak Gaia hypothesis among the following options is:
A.the use of solar energy by the earth is a kind of metabolism on a planetary scale
B, the ozone hole in the atmosphere is caused by human overactivity
C, the introduction of heat-resistant plants in the desert has promoted the development of local tourism
D, the importance of environmental protection is that the earth is the only planet suitable for human habitation

d
The founder effect refers to the fact that a small number of individuals in a biological population reproduce and grow under conditions of isolation from the original population due to geographical isolation or other reasons.Although the population of the offspring has continued to expand, the genetic information of the entire population comes from the few individuals who originally migrated.The founder effect results in lower genetic diversity of the ethnic group, poor adaptability to the environment, and easy to be naturally eliminated.
According to the above definition, Which of the following situations are caused by the founder effect:
A.coffee trees on the island of Sri Lanka have all died of lack of resistance to coffee rust
B, the shells of an island are often picked by fishermen because of their bright colors and are now endangered
C, pandas are threatened with extinction due to reduced populations
D, In order to preserve their own culture, Amish people do not marry outsiders, resulting in frequent genetic diseases

d
Vertical thinking is a traditional thinking mode represented by logic and mathematics.It emphasizes the certainty of things and makes rigorous derivations from the premise.Horizontal thinking focuses on innovation, considers the possibility of multiple choices, and pursues the richness of thinking.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options apply to horizontal thinking:
A.gold is conductive, silver is conductive, copper is conductive ...so metal can be conductive
B, Kaikoul dreamed of the snake biting his tail and deduced the structure of benzene
C, Faraday believes that electric energy generates a magnetic field, then the magnetic field can also generate electricity
D, using the periodic table to predict unknown elements based on relative atomic mass

a
The end-of-peak law refers to a person's experience of remembering something based on how it feels at the beginning and end.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options are not applied to the peak-end law:
A.an athlete is good at winning the game
B, the welcome in the hotel lobby is warm and friendly
C.Free supermarket shopping bags are distributed at the exit
D.The bank designed the business hall to be spacious and bright

a
Customs is a state agency that supervises all goods and articles entering and leaving the country, inspects and levies customs duties as required.
According to the above definition, customs officers can:
A.check other people's luggage
B, check the body of others
C, take portraits of others
D, detain others for a day

b
Integrated corridor management refers to the government's efforts to improve the travel speed, travel reliability, and travel safety of all travellers by centrally improving the infrastructure of several transportation arteries in the city, public transportation services, or public transportation management.
According to the above definition, which of the following is integrated corridor management?
A.a city increases penalties for taxi refusal
B, a city has set up public bicycle rental points on the main roads in urban areas
C, a city issued a policy to encourage private capital to contract for public transport trunk lines
D, a city sets a new type of traffic camera at the intersection of urban arterial roads

c
The principle of tax neutrality means that state taxation should minimize tax interference or distort market mechanisms, and should not go beyond the market and become a force that affects resource allocation and economic strategies.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is options applied to the principle of tax neutrality?
A.the introduction of policies requires companies to pay more taxes
B.Reduction and exemption of foreign corporate income tax
C, tax rates are not linked to income levels
D.Raising the threshold for business tax

d
Evidence of administrative law enforcement refers to the physical evidence, audiovisual materials, electronic evidence and other evidence materials collected by administrative agencies during the process of law enforcement and investigation.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is the following evidence of administrative law enforcement?
A.a procuratorate collects evidence of the suspect's presence
B, a commerce and industry department records a confession from an online shop
C, a public security agency received a report of the suspect's whereabouts
D, a tax department seized a false VAT invoice

c
Parallel import of a trademark means that in the international sale of goods, a trademark right or trademark use right has been protected by the laws of a country, and the former importer imported the same trademarked goods from abroad without the permission of the trademark owner or trademark right holder in that country.
According to the above definition, which of the following is options for parallel import of trademarks?
A.a manufacturer of country A and a distributor of country B sell a new engine, but the latter sells this product to China without the permission of country A's manufacturer
B, a beverage manufacturer in country A infringes on an enterprise in country B that uses its brand to produce and sell beverages in the territory of country B; the latter sells the beverage to China without permission
C, a home appliance manufacturer in country A authorized country B manufacturers to use its trademark to produce color TVs, and country B distributors imported the brand color TVs from country A without the latter's permission
D.A car manufacturer in country A allows a garment factory in country B to use its trademark on T-shirts, and the garment factory sells the T-shirts back to country A's market at commercial prices.Grouping related words requires you to find a set of words that are closest, similar, or matching in logical relationship to the alternative answer.

b
Studies have shown that ingesting saturated fat-rich foods such as French fries before and during the treatment of infertility using IVF technology will directly affect the effectiveness of the treatment.
If the following are true, what best supports the above view is
A.People with high saturated fat intake also have a high infertility rate
B, saturated fat intake affects the conception success rate of egg cells
C, saturated fat intake affects the number of oocytes
D, the saturated fat rich in french fries is more easily absorbed by the body

d
A survey shows that 82% of elementary school students use the Internet every day, 84% use QQ every day, 78% use QQ space every day, and 65% use Weibo every day.According to this, some people think that primary school students have been passive from the media.Transform into active participants and communicators.
If the following are true, what weakens the above argument?
A.QQ friends of primary school students or Weibo followers are mostly limited to classmates
B, most primary school students spend less than half an hour online every day
C, student home monitoring software is installed in most home computers
D, most elementary students use QQ space and Weibo just to browse information

a
China has entered an aging society.Aging means not only increasing the population's elderly burden factor, but also reducing the labor input.In the face of the indisputable fact of China's aging, delaying the retirement age can greatly reduce the total labor force.insufficient.
If the following are true, what weakens the above argument?
A.China's stock of working-age labor is at its peak, and about 100 million people of working age are not employed
B.According to China's current aging rate, China's labor force will still be about 710 million by 2050.
C, more than 30% of China's 12 million new jobs every year are not born to retirees
D, China's population over 60 years old reached 180 million in 2012, accounting for 24% of the global population over 60 years old

d
On the eve of the London Olympics, scientists who had accurately predicted the total number of medals won by the major Olympic Games believe that the total number of medals is not an economic problem, but an economic issue.The number of medals won by the United Kingdom at the 2012 London Olympics The record will be broken and the United States and China should continue to succeed this year, but Russia, Australia and Germany are most likely to be disappointed this year.
Can it be launched from this?
A.the top three countries in the medal list are the United States, China, and Britain
B, as long as the country's economy is booming, sports can be strong
C, Australian economic sentiment index will fall in 2013
D, China's economic development situation is better than Russia in recent years

b
Toxoplasma gondii is a single-cell parasite in cats.Studies have shown that mice infected with Toxoplasma go paralyzed in areas of the brain that control fear, and are not afraid when exposed to cats.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Toxoplasma can damage the brain of mice
B, toxoplasma makes mice bold
C, cats use toxoplasma to trap mice
D, Symbiosis between cats and Toxoplasma

a
Studies have found that children can express their anxiety and worry through games, learn to resolve conflicts, experience their emotions, explore ways to get along with others, and gradually understand the world around them.
If the following are true, what will most weaken the above assertion?
A.children tend to evade reality after being frustrated in games
B, children don't like to share toys or snacks with their partners
C, children who often play games do not greet strangers when they meet strangers
D, when children are playing games, parents must accompany them

d
Before Oscar Pistorius received a ticket to the London Olympics, the IAAF banned prosthetics from participating in the Olympics.The reason is: Leopard blade prosthetics are strong, low-density and strong, and can rebound 97% of energy when running Therefore, the wearer runs faster and faster, and the rear speed is beyond the reach of normal people.
If the following are true, the reasons for least supporting the IAAF are:
A.it is the responsibility of the IAAF to create opportunities for fair competition
B.Existing sports laws do not restrict prosthetics to participate in the Olympics
C, Leopard blade prosthetics are expensive and ordinary people cannot afford them
D, Leopard blade prostheses do not cure body defects

b
Group polarization refers to a certain tendency among group members, which strengthens the results and tends to extremes through the mutual influence of the group, thereby deviating from a certain rationality phenomenon.There are usually two cases of group polarization.One is to make the result more adventurous or even radical, called risk migration; the other is to make the result more conservative, called cautious offset.
According to the above definition, which of the following phenomena does not involve group polarization?
A.A slightly flawed movie was rejected as useless in a web forum
B.After a vote, the defense committee unanimously rejected a student's doctoral dissertation defense
C.Everyone keeps silent about someone's bad behavior, which makes him even more arrogant
D.Team A was penalized for a foul during a football game.Team A fans expressed great dissatisfaction and threw debris into the field.

a
Inclusive growth is the growth that promotes equality of opportunity.The most basic meaning is the fair and reasonable sharing of economic growth.It involves issues of equality and fairness.It seeks the coordinated and sustainable development of society and the economy, and pursues pure economic growth Opposite.
Based on the above definition, which of the following does not involve inclusive growth?
A.Promote mutual understanding between different strata of society and increase tolerance for various social contradictions
B.Returning fields to the sea, returning farmland to forests, extending the ban on harvesting, and carrying out protective enclosure of mountain forests
C.Local protectionism against investment and trade and promotion of investment and trade liberalization
D.While developing the economy, pay full attention to the establishment of a social security system

c
According to the relevant regulations of our country, an employee can be deemed to be an industrial injury if he has one of the following circumstances: (1) during the working hours and the workplace, he was injured due to an accident at work; (2) during the working hours and the workplace, due to Those who have suffered accidental injuries such as violence during the performance of their work duties; (3) were injured due to work or their whereabouts were unknown during the time they went out of work; (4) a traffic accident or urban rail that was not the primary responsibility of them during the commute Traffic, passenger ferry, train accident.
According to the above regulations, which of the following can be considered as an industrial injury in the following situations?
A.Zhou Mo driving illegally on the way to work, and a rear-end collision with the front car caused a skull fracture
B.Traffic police Xiao Li was dissatisfied with Wang because he corrected Wang's violations and was beaten by Wang on his way to work
C.Zhao worked overtime in the workshop.His fingers were twisted into the machine due to improper operation, and he was identified as a secondary disability afterwards.
D.Manager Zhang, in order to deepen the relationship with colleagues, invited colleagues to have lunch together on weekdays.As a result, colleagues accidentally fell after meals.

b
Animal welfare refers to respecting the rights of animals, protecting the ecological environment, and promoting the coordinated development of humans and animals.Animal welfare mainly includes: physical welfare, that is, no worry about hunger and thirst; environmental welfare, that is, allowing animals to have appropriate housing; health welfare, That is to minimize animal injuries; behavioral welfare, which guarantees the animal's natural freedom of expression; psychological welfare, which reduces the animal's fear and anxiety.
Based on the above definition, which of the following does not involve animal welfare? ?
A.Injecting narcotics into live animals for scientific purposes
B.Take multiple rewards to motivate monkeys to perform difficult moves
C.Reserve multiple animal crossing bridge culverts when constructing highways in mountainous areas
D.Chicken farms allow hens to freely forage in mountain forests to increase egg production

d
Object administrative culture refers to the individuals, groups, and organizations that are the object of administrative management to make a reasonable evaluation of the behavior of the administrative royal body (mainly refers to the administrative organs), and the evaluation standards will show diversity due to their different interests.
According to the above definition, which of the following is subjective administrative cultures?
A.The environmental protection department of a certain place has strengthened the supervision of polluting enterprises, and its attitude of serious law enforcement has been well received by the local people.
B.Xiao Wang is a staff member of a government department, and he is serious and responsible.His supervisors and comrades think that Xiao Wang is a qualified worker.
C.Self-employed Zhang did not pay taxes in accordance with the regulations, and the tax department issued a notice to him to pay the tax within a specified period of time.
D.In order to support the development of local SMEs, a city's industrial and commercial department implemented preferential policies for these enterprises in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.This measure has been welcomed by the majority of SME operators.

c
Differentiated credit refers to the policy of different treatment of credit lines and loan repayment methods in different regions, different industries, different groups, and different uses.This is an important means for the country to conduct macroeconomic regulation and control, and to prevent polarization Trends, promote social equity, promote economic structural adjustment and comprehensive sustainable development.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the differentiated credit among the following options?
A.At the beginning of 2008, the central bank relaxed the credit scale of commercial banks.National commercial banks increased by 5% based on the original credit scale, and local commercial banks increased by 10% based on the original credit scale.A total of about 200 billion yuan of new loans were added.
B.A commercial bank stipulates that: if the loan is repaid less than one year in advance, the interest is not less than three months of the actual repayment amount; if the loan is repaid in advance one year, the repayment is not less than one month of the actual repayment amount.interest
C.New home purchase policy stipulates that families who purchase the first home with a built-up area of less than 90 square meters can enjoy a 20% down payment policy; if the size of the first set of housing is greater than 90 square meters, the proportion of the down payment for the loan must not be low At 30%
D.In 2009, the total loans of an international bank to small and medium-sized enterprises increased by 14% compared with last year.At the same time, it launched an unsecured personal loan of "Happy Time Loan".Local residents aged 18-55 can get up to 500,000 yuan in loans.

d
Relative deprivation refers to a state of mind produced by people who have similar status with themselves but are not completely equal to themselves.
According to the above definition, which of the following is feelings of relative deprivation?
A.The number of people participating in the student union election has doubled compared to previous years, Xiaoyan feels more pressure for the election
B.Wang returned from a famous overseas school and always felt that he could not exert his talents and abilities in the unit
C.Xiao Zhang often completes various tasks well, others in the project team think that Xiao Zhang just likes to express himself
D.Xiao Yang originally thought that his job was good, but after attending the classmates meeting, he felt that there was no future compared to his classmates.

a
In the research, a part of the individuals that are actually observed or surveyed are called samples, and the entire research object is called the population.Sampling error refers to the error caused by the sampling method itself, that is, the difference between the sample index value and the inferred overall index value.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is that do not involve sampling errors?
A.Investigator misregisters sample data due to carelessness, negligence, etc.
B.Learn the loyalty of the public to a brand of shampoo by making random calls
C.To understand the mathematics level of a class of students, statistical analysis of their math midterm exam results
D.To survey the marriage satisfaction of urban residents nationwide, select 200 married people in Beijing as the survey object

c
Military electronic deception refers to the use of electronic equipment to disguise or falsely simulate relevant information of the enemy, deceive the enemy's electronic reconnaissance, and cause the enemy to make false judgments on its own deployment, combat capabilities, and combat attempts, etc.Disrupt the enemy's purpose.
According to the above definition, which of the following is involved in scams?
A.During the military exercise, the Blue Army deliberately lost the fake electronic combat map and pretended to leak its own information.
B.A country hid a drone in the airspace of an enemy country, pretended to be a leader of the enemy country, issued a false order
C.In WWII, the Allied Forces set up a command, using communication equipment to continuously send various "command orders"
D.A department based in the Pacific Islands has set up a large number of simulation databases for its computer systems

b
Statistical discrimination refers to extrapolating the typical characteristics of a group to the characteristics of individuals in the group, and using this characteristic as the evaluation standard for individuals.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is the following statistical discrimination?
A.Xiaoli feels that many Taurus around are not honest, she thinks Taurus are not honest and reliable
B.The company believes that the stability of the work of a university graduate is not enough, and the outstanding graduate Xiao Liu of the university is not accepted by the company
C.An expert inferred from the rainfall of Beijing in the past ten years that this year's rainfall will be basically the same as the average of previous years.
D.A foreign tourist randomly littered in a tourist area, and people around the country thought that people from this country were generally of low quality

b
Any goal that cannot be quantified and has no time limit is an invalid goal, and any invalid goal has no practical method.Therefore, a detailed career plan is not a goal that cannot be quantified and has no time limit.
In order for the above argument to be valid, which of the following must be added as a prerequisite?
A.Detailed career planning is not all ineffective goals
B.Detailed career planning with practical methods
C.Effective goals are goals that can be quantified and time-bound
D.Goals that cannot be quantified and that do not set a time limit to have no practical method

d
A survey found that 78% of children with otitis media come from second-hand smoke families.Researchers say that second-hand smoke environments increase unhealthy particles in the air, including nicotine and other toxic substances.Compared with children living in smoke-free environments Children living in second-hand smoke environments are more likely to develop otitis media, so medical experts say that smoking by parents and other families is an important cause of otitis media in children.
Which of the following, if true, would weaken the above argument?
A.The survey also shows that the rate of smoke-free households is increasing year by year
B.Research proves that children with secondhand smoke have a higher cure rate for otitis media
C.Outpatient data shows that otitis media visits to children have decreased by 4.6%
D.Only 20% of children in this survey are from smoke-free households

b
After investigating the appearance of 260 murderers, a criminal anthropologist found that they had some common physiological characteristics, so he concluded that the murderers had a wide jaw, prominent cheekbones, and black and short hair.
Which of the following is the same as the reasoning above?
A.No prime number between 24 and 28
B.Clouds cover the moon on August 15
C.Plant seeds can increase yield after ultrasonic treatment, so corn seeds can also increase yield after ultrasonic treatment
D.After a survey of students in a university, a conclusion is drawn that "the attitude of our students is generally better"

d
Breaking up is not only psychologically painful, but it can also cause physical pain.U.S.researchers recruited 40 volunteers who had been forced by their spouse to break up in the past six months, and still care about being rejected.Observing the brain activity of volunteers, it was found that the parts of the brain that responded to social rejection such as breaking up coincided with the parts that responded to physical pain, so social refusal behaviors such as breaking up can cause physical pain.
With the above conclusions, which of the following are implicit assumptions?
A.Individual's feelings about pain are closely related to social stress events
B.Functional magnetic resonance technology is currently a common method for brain localization
C.Changes in individual psychological processes such as emotions can affect their physiological responses
D.Physiological and psychological reactions can be linked through the brain

a
As we all know, Western medicine can use modern scientific and technological methods to solve many diseases that traditional Chinese medicine cannot solve.Traditional Chinese medicine also cures many difficult problems that Western medicine can't help by relying on its special understanding of human meridians and qi and blood.It is believed that a combination of Chinese and Western medicine is necessary.
The assumptions made by these people in their judgments are:
A.Traditional Chinese and Western medicine treatment methods for these diseases can be combined with each other to promote strengths and avoid weaknesses
B.These diseases cannot be effectively treated with traditional Chinese medicine or western medicine alone
C.For these diseases, the medical community has mastered the method of combining Chinese and Western medical law
D.In response to these diseases, the medical community has tried the combination of Chinese and Western medicine and achieved good results.

b
Recently, there has been a report on "Green Travel of Civil Servants" on the Internet, that is, the Education Bureau of City A has increased the use of official bicycles, which has reduced the use of official vehicles for closer business activities, which has significantly reduced the use of official vehicles.The person in charge read the report and thought that the introduction of official bicycles could reduce financial expenses, so he decided to adopt this approach.
Which of the following, if true, does not constitute a prerequisite for the above decision?
A.It is feasible and desirable to combine the way of cycling with the geographical environment of B city and road traffic conditions.
The staff size and the number of existing buses of the B.B Environmental Protection Bureau are similar to those of the A Education Bureau
C.The use of bicycles to replace cars in close range business activities will not affect office efficiency
The original business activities of D.B Environmental Protection Bureau mainly used car travel

c
Five foreign language teachers are recruited from a foreign language teaching and research office of a university.Each teacher teaches only one foreign language.Which of the following conditions are met: (1) If little money teaches German, then Sun does not teach Russian (2) or Xiao Li teaches German, or Xiao Qian teaches German (3) If Xiao Sun does not teach Russian, then Xiao Zhao does not teach French (4) or Xiao Zhao teaches French, or Xiao Zhou does not teach English.
If the following options are true, can you conclude that "Little Li teaches German"?
A.Little Sun doesn't teach Russian
B, small money teaches German
C, Xiao Zhou teaches English
D, Xiao Zhao doesn't teach French

c
U.S.researchers have analyzed field data from the Antarctic Peninsula and the adjacent Scotia Sea area and found that since the 1970s, local temperatures have risen by 5 to 6 degrees Celsius, and the increase in mammals from other seas has led to predator competition among Antarctic mammals.As a result, the density of krill, which is the main food source for mammals in the above areas, has decreased by 80%.At the same time, the number of Adelie penguins and hooded penguins living in the area, which are based on krill, has also decreased sharply.
From this we can infer:
A.Rising temperatures have increased competition for predators in Antarctic marine mammals
B.If the density of krill continues to decrease, both Adelie penguins and hooded penguins will become extinct
C.Warming and increased competition for mammalian predators threaten hooded penguin production
D.Temperature rise has greatly damaged the ecological environment in Antarctica

d
Mr.Zhang packed the four treasures of the study in a cabinet with four drawers, and asked the students to guess which layer was pen, ink, paper, and cymbals.According to the order of pen, ink, paper, and cymbals, Xiao Li guessed the four treasures in order.On the first, second, third, and fourth floors, Xiao Wang guessed that the four treasures were installed on the first, third, fourth, and second layers in turn, and Xiao Zhao guessed that the four treasures were installed on the fourth, third, first, and second in order.Xiao Yang guessed that the four treasures were installed in the fourth, second, third, and first layers in turn.Teacher Zhang said that Xiao Zhao did not guess one, Xiao Li and Xiao Wang each guessed one, and Xiao Yang Guessed two correctly.
It can be inferred from this:
A.The first drawer is filled with ink
B.Paper is in the second drawer
C.The pen is not in the third drawer
D.It ’s not in the fourth drawer

a
Carbon nanotube materials have the advantages of lightweight and high strength, and are widely used in the production of bicycles and rackets.However, recent research has found that workers who have been engaged in the production of carbon nanotubes for a long time or use the material to make other products may have inhaled Carbon nanotubes are carcinogenic.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above findings?
A.Studies have shown that some of the longer carbon nanotubes are likely to cause cancer, which may be because they are more likely to get stuck in the cavity between the cells in the lungs or in the abdomen
B.Experiments using human skin cells cultured in vitro show that carbon nanotubes can enter the inside of the cell, reducing the cell's own immune capacity
C.Animal experiments show that if carbon nanotubes enter the abdomen of rats in large quantities, about 10% of the rats will have abdominal inflammation within one year
D.Asbestos is a carcinogen recognized by the International Cancer Organization, and carbon nanotubes have some similarities in chemical molecular structure with asbestos

d
Occupational identity refers to the individual's subjective construction of the occupation they are engaged in, and their perceptions and feelings associated with occupational characteristics, often including the sense of meaning and value of professional roles, and whether the occupation is fun and attractive.Process professional identity and state professional identity.Among them, process professional identity refers to the process by which individuals gradually identify their professional roles from their own experiences; state professional identity refers to the degree to which individuals currently recognize their occupation.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are procedural professional identities:
A.As a police officer, for decades, Zhang has always kept in mind the principles of maintaining public safety
B.Li is proud of her award for best teacher for her flexible teaching methods
C.After listening to the exemplary deeds of the old party members, Xiao Zhao suddenly felt the heavy responsibility as a party member cadre
D.Dr.Chen has been practicing medicine for many years.

b
Acquired identity refers to a person's social status acquired through some kind of open, competitive struggle, or because of a particular ability.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options are consistent with the identity of the person who spoke:
A.Having a child is like Sun Zhongmou
B.The prince will have Xiangning
C.The loyal minister will go out of the gate of filial piety
D.There is no cold door in the top grade, no gentry in the lower grade

a
The anti-function of the system refers to the side effects of the system after achieving certain functions of the system, such as disrupting the internal coordination of the system, stabilizing relationships, causing internal conflicts in the system, and damaging the benign operation of the system.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are related to the counter-functions of the system:
A.A school implements performance appraisal.After a period of implementation, it caused a series of problems such as teachers scrambling for class and sending articles randomly.
B.A sales office stipulates that sales can be commissioned.As a result, a salesperson sells nearly 50 homes a month.
C.A couple implements the AA system for family consumption after newly married.
D.A department implements humanized management.As a result, lateness to work is reduced compared with the time and attendance system.

c
The advantage enrichment effect is a starting point development theory, which means that the small advantages on the starting point are amplified by the stages of the key process to produce a larger level of advantage accumulation.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not among the enrichment effects:
A.A prestigious university was established very early, has a long cultural tradition, and has various support such as policies and funds.Many outstanding students across the country chose this university when they filled out the college entrance examination.
B.The height of the Jin Mao Tower in Shanghai slightly surpasses the "Pearl of the Orient" TV Tower and is known as "the tallest building in China." Therefore, it has attracted many tourists and advertisers.Various conferences are also often held here, showing the trend of later overtaking
C.In order to expand the business, an education and training institution, like other training institutions, promotes by sending leaflets.Later, as the scale continues to expand, the quality of service has also improved to a higher level, becoming a model in the industry.
D.At the beginning of the establishment of a clothing brand, the concept of "king of jackets" was first proposed and promoted through TV media.Later, this concept was gradually recognized by many people.Many people think that when buying jackets, they should buy this brand.

b
"Different investigation" is a review system stipulated in the Song Dynasty to prevent unjust, false and wrong cases.It means that if the prisoner files a complaint during recording or execution, the case must be analyzed.The "Different Investigation" in the Song Dynasty is divided into the original trial authority " "Secretary investigation" and "commissioned investigation" are two forms."Secretary investigation" refers to the case that the original reviewing agency submits the case to another judicial authority at the same level for review."Secretary investigation" refers to the original reviewing agency.When a case is reported to a higher authority, the higher authority is responsible for sending a retrial to an official of another authority that is not related to the original trial authority.In this case, it is often the case that an official of the higher authority is sent to the original trial authority for trial, or the case Move to a higher authority for review.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as "different surveys":
A.The prisoner appeals the case tried by the state and county, and can transfer the case to the superior of the state and county-the chief of the road for retrial.
B.The left and right halls of the criminal department of the Central Judiciary of the Song Dynasty
C.The prisoner appeals the case tried by the state and county, and the superior of the state and county-the chief of the road can go to the state and county to re-examine the case.
D.In the Song Dynasty, local judicial organs were divided into the road, state, and county levels from top to bottom.After making a judgment on a case appealed from the county to the state, if the prisoner files a complaint, the state will send it back to the county for retrial

d
There are two motivations for help: executive help and instrumental help.The former does not make any attempts or efforts, but only wants to know the answer or let others complete the task on its own; the latter is based on the strength of others to solve the problem on their own Or achieve the goal.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are instrumental help:
A.Mom has a lot of interest classes for Xiaoming, who is five years old.Xiaoming has made many new friends in the interest classes.
B.After the tutor explained the idea and principle of this question patiently, Xiao Bin still asked the teacher to give the answer directly
C.Synthesizing the opinions provided by many consulting agencies, Xiaofeng drafted a study abroad plan that meets his own conditions
D.Every time I read an English article and encounter a new word, I will consult an electronic dictionary to grasp the pronunciation and meaning of the new word

c
Ecological succession refers to the regular replacement process of biological communities on the same site, and is divided into two types: primary succession and secondary succession.In the past, there was no vegetation, or there was vegetation but it was completely destroyed.The succession that begins on the bare ground where the soil no longer exists is called primary succession; the succession that begins where the original vegetation has been destroyed but still retains soil and plant propagules is called secondary succession The biological community that has undergone secondary succession tends to return to its pre-destructive form.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following situations that may lead to secondary succession are:
A.Plant seeds cultivated by human beings using genetically modified technology are sprinkled into the forest
B.Volcanic magma covers the entire island after an island volcano erupts
C.When the forest was repeatedly cut down, it evolved into a sparse grassland
D.After the dam is completed, the downstream lakes dry up, and most of the vegetation along the lake is dead.

d
Electronic opposition is the various activities performed to prevent enemy or hostile electronic countermeasures from affecting the combat effectiveness of host equipment and personnel, so as to protect the host's combat power from damage.The main measures include electronic counter-scouting, Electronic anti-interference, anti-radiation destruction, anti-directional blinding and computer virus infection.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options do not involve electronic opposition:
A.Before the military exercise, the exercise command center conducts virus killing on the computers used in advance
B.The launch vehicle launches anti-radiation missiles at the enemy and shuts down its electronic equipment to avoid accidental strikes.
C.Warships reduce the power of radar transmitting signals and set anti-radiation decoys in conflict areas
D.In order to counter the enemy's electronic interference, the headquarters decided to issue important instructions by a fixed telephone.

c
Cultural consciousness refers to people who live in a certain culture and have a "knowledge" of their own culture, that is, understand its origin, formation process, characteristics and development trends, thereby enhancing its ability to transform its culture and obtain conditions in the new era The ability and status to make cultural choices.In addition, cultural consciousness also manifests itself as having a global perspective, being able to understand the cultures of other nations, and enhancing the ability to contact, dialogue and get along with different cultures.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are culturally conscious:
A.After negotiations, China agrees to increase the quota for U.S.films for the Chinese market
B.The Suga Ecological Museum was established to protect the Xiugu of the Zugao Miao culture in Guizhou
C.Zhao Wuling's "Hu Fu Qi She She" and Northern Wei Tuoba's "Forbidden Hu Yu"
D.Xiangfan City in Hubei Province and Nanyang City in Henan Province both claim to be "Zhu Geliang's Hometown"

a
Occasional music refers to a form of music in which musicians introduce accidental factors into the creative process or performance process in their creation.Specific methods include: using random techniques when composing works, allowing performers to improvise without any prompts, or even to modify the instrument Or add off-track sounds to play tracks.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options are not accidental music:
A.The conductor randomly decides the number of instruments used, the length of the performance and the number of participants before the performance.
B.Insert rubber and iron nails into the piano strings to simulate the sound of percussion to play music
C.Use the dice and toss coins to determine the pitch, velocity, and orchestration of the work and create a score
D.The player remains silent, at this time, occasional applause and laughter constitute the music.

b
Research shows that at 115 degrees Celsius, sweet corn is heated for 10 minutes, 25 minutes, and 50 minutes, respectively, and its anti-free radical activity is increased by 22%, 44%, and 53%, respectively.Therefore, the longer the heating time Corn, the better the anti-aging effect.
If the following are true, the above conclusions cannot be weakened:
A.After heating for 65 minutes, the anti-free radical activity of corn decreased.
B.Compared with sweet corn, waxy corn has a smaller increase in anti-free radical activity after heating for the same time
C.Sweet corn is a relatively rare type of corn and is not representative
D.For corn, it is not that the higher the activity against free radicals, the better its anti-aging effect.

d
Somewhere more than 5,000 years ago was the Dawenkou culture, but it was replaced by Longshan culture about 4400 years ago.What caused the change of these two cultures? Archeologists found that a serious "cold event" occurred about 4400 years ago, the environment changed from the original warm and humid to the cold and dry, the vegetation was greatly reduced, the algae and aquatic plants were almost extinct, Dawenkou culture Migration to the south, and Longshan culture from here to the north, they believe that extreme climate change around 4400 years ago may be the main reason for this cultural change.
Which of the above, if true, would best support the above argument?
A.Dawenkou culture has a tradition of continuous migration to the south
B.When the Longshan culture first moved, the population was large, but it gradually decreased and disappeared about 4000 years ago.
C.The ethnic group of Dawenkou culture uses algae and aquatic plants as the main source of food
D.Ethnic groups in different ways of living have relatively stable demands on climate and environment

a
Studies have shown that to become a male requires at least one Y chromosome.300 million years ago, the male-specific Y chromosome contained 1438 genes at the time of its creation, but now only 45 are left.At this rate, the Y chromosome will be in It will disappear in about 10 million years, so with the demise of the Y chromosome, humans will also die.
If the following are true, the above argument cannot be questioned most:
A.Rhesus Y chromosome genes have indeed experienced an early high-speed loss process, but no gene has been lost in the past 25 million years
B.Men may survive even if they lose the Y chromosome because other chromosomes have similar genes that can share the functions of the Y chromosome
C.During human evolution, methods for parthenogenesis or asexual offspring can be found to avoid the risk of reproduction caused by gene deletion
D.Y chromosome has a unique palindrome structure, which has a self-healing function, which can maintain the information of lost genes and achieve gene regeneration

d
Buddhist temples in China are distributed throughout the country. Puji temples are Buddhist temples in China, so Puji temples are distributed throughout China.
The logic errors made in the following options are most similar to the above reasoning:
A.Children whose parents drink alcohol love adventure, Xiaohua loves adventure, so Xiaohua's parents drink alcohol
B.Civilized citizens are law-abiding and some college students are law-abiding, so some college students are civilized citizens
C.The chances of Han Fei students going to college are reduced, and Xiaofei, a college student, is not a Han Men student, so Xiao Fei's chances of going to college will not decrease.
D.The only child nowadays is spoiled, let alone he is the only seedling of three generations.

c
The mobile phone usage of the staff of the administrative department of a company is as follows: ① Xiao Wang has called the owner of the administrative department; ② Xiao Li has called the phone of Xiao Zhao, but Xiao Zhao has not called other people; ③ has not answered the call from the administrative department People who call others have never called anyone else.
From this we can infer:
A.Xiao Zhao has never answered a call from Xiao Li
B.Xiao Li used to answer the phone call from Xiao Wang
C.Someone from the Administration Department called Xiao Wang
D.Xiao Wang answered the phone from the owner of the administration department

c
The modern enterprise found in the management process that although the human resources management department is very important for the company's development, but because the department does not participate in the decision-making of the company's development strategy throughout, and the senior managers hired by the company are determined by the CEO, the human resources management department More often, it plays a supporting and supporting role.
If the following are true, the above argument can be weakened most:
A.In the Fortune 500 companies, employees in the human resources management department generally have rich experience
B.Human resources management department can design a humanized compensation system for the company, and then retain talent
C.The world's largest logistics company, the human resources manager has the right to participate in the company's highest decision-making meeting
D.Although the Human Resources Department does not have the power to decide to hire senior managers, it has the right to hire middle managers

a
Some people say that when we work, we have to put important matters in the main place.Important matters are a necessary condition and are related to the success of a thing.Important matters are not done well and must not succeed.However, details are also important Detail is a sufficient condition for success, and it is also related to the success of one thing.A successful person can coordinate the relationship between important matters and details.
It follows from this:
A.Success does not mean that all details have been handled
B.If unsuccessful, it means that important matters are not done well
C.The prerequisite for success is to do both important things and details
D.Although the details are handled, important matters are not done well and may not be successful

c
Numbers are pronounced and written differently in different languages.Some scientists believe that languages that represent different cultural backgrounds can affect how people's brains process mathematical information.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Compared to Europe, people in Asia have different levels of activity in individual regions when comparing numbers
B.In the same country, when people in different dialects perform mathematical operations, the neural transmission routes in the language area of the brain are not very consistent
C.The study found that English-speaking people mainly rely on the language area of the brain when performing mental arithmetic, while Chinese-speaking people mainly use the visual information recognition area of the brain
D.Research finds that people with different professional backgrounds choose different ways of thinking when calculating mathematical problems, but they all depend on the language area of the brain to varying degrees

c
Humans have discarded as much as 1 billion tons of plastic since the 1950s, and this waste may have existed for hundreds or even thousands of years.Recently, a research team found a fungus called endophyte in the Amazon rainforest.It cancan degrade ordinary polyurethane plastics.Researchers believe that using the characteristics of this fungus will help humans eliminate the threat posed by plastic waste.
Which of the following prerequisites should the researchers use to make their judgments?
A.Plastic waste is the most important type of waste generated by human activities
B.Endophytes can decompose plastic products well under any conditions
C.At present, most plastic waste belongs to ordinary polyurethane plastic
D.This fungus can survive and grow normally in other parts of the planet

d
Organisms are under contaminated conditions, and pollutants can be enriched and detoxified in the body through a combination of fixation, metabolic detoxification, and compartmentalization.Among them, the detoxification ability of the organism is the basis of biological resistance, and all organisms with strong detoxification ability are resistant.But detoxification ability is not the whole of resistance.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Poorly detoxifying organisms are not resistant
B.Resistant organisms must have strong detoxification capabilities
C.Biological can enrich and detoxify pollutants, so biological can survive in a polluted environment
D.Non-resistance biological detoxification ability must not be strong

b
As people's lives and work gradually enter high-rise buildings, people have less access to sunlight.Studies have found that sunlight is a necessary condition for the synthesis of vitamin D, and vitamin D is a key factor to promote calcium absorption.Some people have concluded that people are more susceptible to diseases caused by calcium deficiency, such as arm porosity.
Which of the following is true and the above conclusions can be most questioned?
A.Patients with osteoporosis can be relieved or cured by exposure to the sun
B.Calcium-containing foods in modern diets are much richer than before
C.Oral vitamin D tablets are a synthetic formula added with absorption enhancers
D.Patients with osteoporosis are exposed to sunlight for the same length of time as others

d
R Hospital topped the list of "My Most Satisfied Hospitals" survey held in S City for 5 consecutive years.The person in charge of the hospital said that this was because the hospital provided better guidance services than other hospitals.
Which of the following is true and best supports the opinion of the person in charge of the hospital?
Major hospitals in A.S have invested a lot of energy in the guidance service in an effort to improve the quality of guidance service
B.S City's "My Most Satisfied Hospital" survey has been launched for 20 years, and the top of the list are public welfare hospitals
There are more than 200 fake hospitals in C.S.Not all hospitals participated in the survey.
D.The medical level of R hospital is comparable, but the ranking of hospitals with poor guidance services is not as good as that of R hospital.

a
Selective misinterpretation refers to the fact that when people face objective things, they often unconsciously combine information input from the outside world with patterns that already exist in their minds.tendency.
According to the above definition, which of the following is misrepresentations?
A.Love House and Black
B.Refers to deer as a horse
C.Press the figure
D.Live like the year

c
Enlarging and shrinking topics are common in debates.In mutual disputes, debaters often deliberately expand the opponent's topic to push the opponent's topic to a ridiculous position to facilitate their own rebuttals and offenses.They argue and defend, and the debaters often deliberately narrow their arguments.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following uses the expanded topic?
A.Explain the thesis "Middle school student heterosexual interactions do more harm than good" as "Middle school student heterosexual interactions must do more harm than good"
B.Interpret the topic "human nature is evil" as "human beings have instincts and desires inherently, and therefore human nature is evil"
C.Interpret the thesis "Germans are rigorous" as "All Germans are rigorous"
D.Interpret the thesis "human nature is good" as "no one is not good"

b
Implicit learning refers to a kind of subconscious learning without will effort.This learning is characterized in that people acquire certain knowledge subconsciously, and that knowledge can be extracted without will effort and applied to the operation of specific tasks.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not included in implicit learning?
A.The children who grew up in the family of Peking Opera are so impressed that they will sing Peking Opera when they are very young
B.Xiao Zhang did a lot of learning questions before the college entrance examination, so he got a high score in the math exam
C.Xiao Li often watches other people play chess.Over time, he also mastered the method of playing chess
D.Children don't need to learn words and grammar rules systematically, they can speak their mother tongue unconsciously

a
Attention is divided into endogenous attention and exogenous attention.Endogenous attention refers to the distribution of attention by individuals according to their goals or intentions, dominating behavior, is active attention; exogenous attention refers to individuals caused by external information of individuals Attention is passive attention.
According to the above definition, which of the following is endogenous notes?
A.According to the requirements of customers, advertising designers pay special attention to a large number of sales advertising materials with the theme of "homes".
B.There was a bang, everyone couldn't help but look back
C.Children's Day, the magic show in the park is loved by many children and parents
D.An assortment of goods in supermarkets, with different packaging and bright colors, has attracted the attention of many customers

c
Submissive interaction refers to an active process with the same nature or the same direction between actors, often in three forms: intentionally or unintentionally sending signals or hints to others, and causing others to react; without consideration, directly acting in the way of others; Actors accept others' actions under the pressure of others and do so.
According to the above definition, which of the following is non-submissive interactions?
A.Xiaowen is dissatisfied with the new tutor, but he has no choice but to start the tutoring course because of his parents' hard work and paid tuition.
B.The nurse aunt said "Don't cry, it doesn't hurt at all" while injecting on Mao Mao's arm, Mao Mao did not cry
C.Everyone is aware of Xiao Liu's business capabilities, and even the old and picky director is in favor of choosing Xiao Liu as the business director
D.Many investors invest in which of the following is hot when they are looking for a project, stocks are hot when the stock is hot, and jade is hot when the jade is hot.

d
Organizational control refers to the organization's use of various rules and regulations and rewards and punishments to restrict the behavior of members of the organization to ensure that the organization's decisions and instructions can be effectively implemented and maintain the order of the organization.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following best reflects organizational control?
A.A university has continuously strengthened foreign exchanges, and the number of visiting scholars has increased year by year.
B.A company holds a new recruit induction meeting every year so that the new members can get familiar with the environment as soon as possible.
C.In order to improve the enthusiasm of employees in a production company, the salary calculation was changed from the original timed performance to the piecework performance
D.A foreign company implements the punch card system at work.If employees go to customers, they can skip the punch card, but they must report to their superiors the day before.

c
Matrix countermeasure refers to the two related subjects in the competition of interests, each of which has a limited choice of strategies, and the gain and loss of both parties in a round of countermeasures are zero, that is, whether they succeed or fail.The measure should be to formulate a response strategy that is conducive to the actions of the other party.The strategy chosen by each party must be the best response to the other's strategy prediction.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is matrix games?
A.Both sides negotiate wages, and after repeated bargaining, both sides make concessions.
B.The husband is going to play football, the wife is going to watch a movie, the son is going to an amusement park, and the last three go outing
C.After entering the Olympic women's volleyball final, a national team rearranges the lineup and appearance order of players
D.Qi Wang and Tian Ji re-race the horse according to the original conditions, and agreed that each round of competition must use a horse of the same level

c
The signature effect means that when people write their names on paper, the self-awareness in the brain will be strengthened.At this time, when you see something you like, it is easier to associate the item with yourself, resulting in ideas such as "this thing really suits me" To stimulate the desire to buy.
According to the above definition, which of the following can the following phenomena be explained by the signature effect?
A.Courier companies adhere to the "signature first and then inspection" approach
B.Taking real-name donations can raise more funds
C.The intermediary company requires the tenant to sign the "House Inspection Agreement" before the house inspection
D.Before the operation, the patient was asked to sign the `` Informed Consent Form ''

a
Role confusion refers to confusing the different roles that one has, and the behaviors that lead to deviations from role expectations and role norms.
According to the above definition, which of the following is a role confusion?
A.Lao Li is the director of a bureau.He often said unconsciously, "This matter must be studied with other comrades." For this reason, he has been criticized by his wife many times.
B.Xiao Wang is a game fan.He often imagines colleagues at work as players in the game and often imagine players in the game as one of his colleagues.
C.Zhuang Zhou dreamed that he had become a butterfly.When he woke up, he was shocked.Zhuang Zhou wondered whether he had become a butterfly in his dream, or he had become himself in his dream.
D.Young people from other provinces who come to Beijing to work sometimes unknowingly speak their native language, often making their colleagues inexplicable.

b
The red flag principle means that if the fact that the copyright infringement is obvious, the network service provider cannot pretend to be invisible, or shirk its responsibility by not knowing the reasons for the infringement.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following are situations in which the Red Flag principle applies?
A.Without the user's permission, client software can automatically scan and obtain user personal data
B.A uses the free storage space provided by the Internet service provider to illegally operate pirated film and television works.
C.B uploads a popular TV series that is being premiered and is recommended by the website editor to the download homepage
D.Bing obtained unauthorized programs on Internet TV with download function through a third party

a
In the icy waters of the Antarctic waters, there is a unique fish that has an antifreeze protein in its blood and body fluids, because of this protein, they have survived and evolved to this day.But to this day, the survival of this fish has been Facing huge challenges, some people think that this is caused by the warming of the seawater.
Which of the following, if true, best supports this view?
A.The oxygen content in Antarctic seawater decreases as the temperature rises.Hypoxia leads to the degeneration of antifreeze protein, which is easy to deposit in blood vessels, resulting in insufficient blood supply, which shortens the life of fish.
B.Antifreeze protein can prevent water molecules from condensing, thereby ensuring normal activities of Antarctic fish, and the warming of the protein makes the protein optional.
C.Antarctic fish can continue to evolve in low-temperature stable seawater, and warm water is not conducive to the diversity of Antarctic fish
D.Not all Antarctic species have antifreeze proteins, and some species living in the subpolar region do not have this protein

d
Should children be allowed to play computer games? This has troubled many parents because there are too many reports accusing games of destroying the next generation, but a new study shows that playing games is good for children's reading ability and can even help them overcome dyslexia.
Which of the following, if true, would not support the above conclusions?
A.The study found that if children are allowed to play somatosensory games, that is, games that rely on changes in physical movements, for a total of more than 12 hours, children's reading speed and word recognition accuracy will be significantly improved.
B.Children who have been playing games for a long time are more likely to read the rules of the game and become sensitive to the pictures in the game, but they are indifferent to the surroundings.
C.Compared with children who play stand-alone games, children who play online interactive games pay more attention to mutual communication, so their reading ability improves faster
D.Children's dyslexia is mainly related to neurodevelopmental delay or the occurrence of disorders.Games can only temporarily improve reading speed, but cannot overcome dyslexia

a
In an experiment, 80 women with different levels of anxiety were asked to complete the same letter recognition task.At the same time, electrodes were placed on their heads to observe brain activity.The results showed that women with high levels of anxiety had more complicated EEG activities when they completed the task.It is more prone to errors.The experimenter concludes that female anxiety affects the quality of task completion.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above conclusion?
A.Women with high levels of anxiety are unfamiliar with the task before the experiment compared to other women
B.When women are anxious, their brains are disturbed by their minds and unable to focus
C.Female anxiety easily leads to psychological problems such as obsessive-compulsive disorder and generalized anxiety
D.Studies have shown that anxiety and brain response error rates are positively correlated

c
If a user's mobile client is installed in the user's mobile phone, then the user's chance of seeing the corporate logo and name when browsing the mobile phone can be greatly improved, thereby achieving the purpose of publicizing the corporate image and brand, and improving corporate visibility.
What are the assumptions for the above conclusions?
A.Strong growth in the number of mobile phone users
B.The mobile client is a mature technology
C.Mobile users have the habit of browsing mobile phones
D.Strong timeliness and low cost of mobile marketing

b
The study found that the birth defect rate of test-tube babies is about 9% and that of naturally-conceived babies is about 6.6%.The proportion of eye defects in these two groups of infants is 0.3% and 0.2%, respectively, and the proportion of cardiac abnormalities is 5%.And 3%, the proportion of reproductive system defects was 1.5% and 1% respectively.Therefore, it can be explained that IVF technology results in higher rates of birth defects in IFVs than naturally conceived babies.
Which of the following, if true, would most likely challenge that conclusion?
A.IVF undergoes in vitro fertilization and embryo transfer, and human manipulation will increase the risk of fertilized egg damage
B.Most parents who choose IVF technology have abnormal reproductive system functions, and these abnormalities will increase the failure rate of this technology.
C.IVF can produce a lot of fertilized eggs during the IVF phase, and only the best quality can be selected for the mother to conceive
D.Parents of IVF are much older than parents of naturally conceived babies.The older the parents, the higher the rate of birth defects in the newborn.

a
The survey shows that Chinese consumers are far less loyal to luxury brands than Western consumers.For many Chinese consumers, high prices are still important, value for money is still more important than brands, and at this stage, it is even more important than quality.Also important.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Chinese consumers like to buy luxury goods that are an expensive and good value for money
B.Chinese consumers often don't consider price when buying luxury goods
C.Chinese consumers pay little attention to the price and quality of well-known luxury goods
D.Compared with popularity, the price of luxury goods is more attractive to Chinese consumers

b
Prime numbers refer to natural numbers that contain only two factors (that is, they can only be divided by themselves and 1).Twin prime numbers refer to two prime numbers that differ by 2.For example, 3 and 5, 17 and 19, etc.So-called twin prime numbers Were proposed by the Greek mathematician Euclid, meaning that there are infinite pairs of twin primes.The topic has not been proven.Recently, the latest research by a Chinese lecturer in the United States has shown that although an infinite number of Prime pairs with a difference of 2, there is an infinite number of prime pairs with a difference of less than 70 million.Related parties believe that if this result holds, then it will be a major breakthrough in the development of number theory.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the views of the parties concerned?
A.The number of 70 million is very large, which is still far from the 2 given by the twin prime conjecture.
B.This is the first time someone has formally proven that there are infinitely many sets of prime pairs with spacing less than a fixed value
C.Proof of the twin prime number conjecture requires a long, progressive process
D.This Chinese lecturer has long been engaged in related teaching and research in the field of mathematics

a
Although it is difficult to live alone, you must also learn to be alone and not rely on others easily.In this way, when everyone around you leaves you, you can still live well.
If the above is true, which of the following is true?
A.People who cannot live alone cannot live well when everyone around them leaves him
B.Although a person's life is difficult, it is easier than when everyone around him leaves him.
C.Don't rely on others easily, because one's life will be very difficult and cannot live well
D.When everyone around you can still live well, it may not be because you have learned how to live alone

c
The research team used a supercomputer to simulate the universe and combined a variety of other calculations to prove that in our accelerated expanding universe, the graph of the causal network describing large-scale space-time structure is a power function curve with significant clustering characteristics.It is amazingly similar to many complex networks such as the Internet, social networks, biological networks, etc.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Human brain research helps to understand the structure of the universe
B.The universe is a brain or a computer
C.There is some similarity law in the evolution of complex systems
D.The evolution of everything in the universe follows the same rules

a
Vertical greening refers to a method of vertical greening using climbing plants to grow in the air, in order to achieve the maximum use of air and sunlight in a limited area to improve the efficiency of greening.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following related to vertical greening?
A.Parthenocissus covered the wall and roof
B.The pine forest extends from the foot of the mountain to the top of the mountain
C.Utilizing the characteristics of Bagan grasshopper climbing, people gradually develop an oasis in the desert
D.In hilly areas, people often use aircraft to seed from the air to green the mountains.

d
Fu, comparison, and Xing refer to the three expressions of poetry.Fu: layout and tell straightly, express thoughts and feelings and related things in a flat and straightforward way; compare: analogy, to make things more vivid by comparing them Specific, clear and simple; Xing: Preface other things, and then use it to associate, elicit the things, thoughts, feelings that the poet wants to express.
According to the above definition, which of the following is used in the following verses?
A.The life and death agreement is broad and talks with Zi Cheng.
B.Fire in July, clothing in September.Zaiyang in spring, Naruto Geng
C.I have a heart, I ca n’t turn it.I have a heart, I ca n’t roll it
D.Your hands are as soft as skin, your skin is like gelatin.

b
In economics, the emergence of individual higher-efficiency organizations within the system will damage or inhibit the existence and development of other lower-efficiency organizations.People call this effect the "top effect".As individuals, regions The development between countries is uneven, so the "top effect" is universal.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following can help avoid "top effects"?
A.The cost of trade transactions between developed country A and economically backward country B has decreased, leading to the outflow of funds from country B
B.Formulate a new policy in a certain place, increase support for SMEs, and regulate and control monopoly industries to limit the scale
C.A food production company has been in a slump.After adopting advanced cultivation technology, the production scale of the company has expanded, and its sales share has started to increase.
D.It is stipulated in a certain place that for outstanding overseas returnees, they can directly grant the corresponding professional and technical titles with reference to their academic qualifications or professional levels, without any restrictions such as age

c
Positive punishment means that when an individual issues a certain behavior, it triggers some external response to its behavior, which leads to unpleasant consequences for the individual and reduces the possibility of the individual's future behavior.Negative punishment refers to when the individual issues a certain behavior.After the behavior, the revocation has a pleasant effect on the individual, making the individual less likely to initiate this behavior in the future.
According to the above definition, which of the following is penalties?
A.Significantly fewer people smoke in the office after the no-smoking sign
B.Mother asks Xiaoming not to go out without writing homework
C.No one drunk after being punished for drunk driving
D.Popsicles relieve the heat, so summer popsicles are very popular

c
Suspected crime refers to the situation where it is difficult for the judiciary to prove whether the defendant committed a crime or the severity of the crime.The principle of never suspected crime is the embodiment of the idea of "favorable defendant" in modern criminal law, which is one of the specific contents of the presumption of innocence.If the defendant is guilty and the defendant is not guilty, the defendant is presumed innocent.
Based on the above definition, which of the following uses the principle of suspicion?
A.Zhao Liu was sued for stealing someone else's online password, but the court acquitted him because Zhao Liu was proven to never use the Internet
B.Shimou and Tangmou fought and both were injured.Because it was impossible to determine who would start first, the court proposed a settlement out of court.
C.Qian was sued for suspected drug poisoning, but the court ruled that Qian was not guilty because of insufficient evidence
D.Zhang San sued Li Si for infringement, but failed to produce any evidence and lost the case

c
A vertical search engine is a professional search engine for a certain industry.It integrates certain types of specialized information in web resources once, extracts the required data by targeted subfields, processes them, and returns them to the user in some form.
Based on the above definition, which of the following applications are most relevant to vertical search engines?
A.Buy shoes online at a shopping site
B.Check CCTV website for weather
C.Search your favorite songs with Baidu Music
D.Check the library's collections on the library website

b
The connotation of the concept refers to the essential attributes (or unique attributes) of the things reflected by the concept, which reflects the concept from a qualitative aspect, and the extension of the concepts refers to those things that have the essential attributes (or unique attributes) reflected by the concept.It reflects the concept from the aspect of quantity.The inverse change relationship of connotation and extension refers to a kind of interconnected and mutually restrictive relationship between concepts with species relationship.The greater the extension of a concept, The less the connotation; the smaller the extension of a concept, the more its connotation; conversely, the more the connotation of a concept, the smaller its extension; the less the connotation of a concept, the greater its extension.
According to the above definition, which of the following groups of concepts embodies the inverse relationship between conceptual connotation and extension?
A.Judiciary, Supreme Court of Justice, Supreme People's Court
B.water cup, hot water cup, large hot water cup
C.China, Xinjiang, Urumqi
D.Chinese, writer, Lu Xun

a
Orange juice has a number of potential positive effects in cancer prevention, especially because it is rich in flavonoid antioxidants such as hesperetin and naringenin.Research evidence has shown that orange juice can reduce the risk of leukemia in children and help prevent breast cancer, liver cancer and colon cancer.According to the research results, the biological effect of orange juice is largely affected by its composition, and its composition depends on the climate, soil, fruit maturity, and storage methods after picking, etc.condition.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Not all orange juice has the same anti-cancer effect
B.Excessive drinking of orange juice can adversely affect your health
C.Compared with healthy children, children with leukemia drink less orange juice
D.Oranges that mature and are protected from light are most effective when grown in good climatic soil conditions

c
An international team performed genetic material decay rate analysis on DNA extracted from an extinct phobia bird's bone fossil and found that although short DNA fragments may exist for 1 million years, 30 or more base pair sequences are under certain conditions With a half-life of only about 158,000 years, a scientist believes that the use of ancient DNA to reconstruct dinosaurs and other similar stories in the movie `` Jurassic Park '' is unlikely to happen.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the scientist's point of view?
A.Although Jurassic Park is a science fiction movie, it must also have facts
B.Fossil samples studied above may be "contaminated" by human DNA
C.Environmental factors affect the decay rate of genetic materials such as DNA
D.The sequence of the base pair sequence of the fear bird and the dinosaur is different

d
In the era of fragmentation, people's attention is difficult to last.Letting users stay longer on email pages has become the direction of marketers.With the gradual popularity of rich media, emails have gradually changed from a single static to a dynamic, personalized The characteristics of emails are also gradually emerging.GIF production is simple, strong compatibility, and can increase visual impact in emails.Therefore, inserting GIF dynamic pictures in emails can more attract users' attention and increase user click-through rates.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.If personalized marketing emails are tailored to specific user groups, sales opportunities will increase by 20%
B.Personalized marketing emails without GIF dynamic pictures in the past have also brought success to many businesses
C.People born in the 1970s are accustomed to the static interface of email and don't like gaudy things
D.Personalized marketing emails that insert GIF dynamic pictures can bring enterprises 18 times more income than ordinary emails

b
A traveler is going to the train station, starting from the hotel in the morning, and arriving at a crossroads.The crossroads lead to four directions in the southeast and northwest, respectively.There are hotels, hotels, bookstores and train stations in the four directions.The hotel is northwest of the train station.
Which direction should the traveler go to the train station?
A.East
B.South
C.West
D.North

c
With the advent of a new battery technology device, a mobile phone that is fully charged within minutes will soon become a reality.This new device is a supercapacitor that stores current by collecting charged ions into a porous material These ions are stored on the surface, rather than through chemical reactions like traditional batteries.So this supercapacitor can be fully charged in minutes.Researchers believe that this technical device will replace traditional batteries.
Which of the following, if true, does not support the above conclusion?
A.Supercapacitors can store a large amount of power to ensure long-term normal operation
B.Supercapacitors can be used millions of times, compared to traditional batteries which can only be used thousands of times
C.Supercapacitors can be embedded in the chassis of the car to power the car, making wireless charging more convenient
D.Supercapacitors consume 90% less power than traditional batteries, but they provide 10 times longer power

d
A typhoon is one of the most destructive disasters in nature.Some studies have shown that by spraying water droplets into the air, the reflection of daylight by the clouds over the area where the typhoon is formed, the typhoon will not be able to gather enough energy.The advance of the typhoon, thus avoiding greater damage.
Which of the following should be added as a prerequisite for the conclusion of the above conclusion?
A.Water droplets sprayed into the air can re-gather above the clouds
B.Artificial clouds will affect rainfall in adjacent areas
C.When a typhoon passes, it is often accompanied by strong convective weather such as gale and heavy rain
D.The driving force of the typhoon comes from the heat generated by sunlight on the surface of the sea

c
For some time, the TV production industry was highly competitive.Due to a large number of TV brands, product quality has become the number one factor for consumers to consider.In order to increase market share, a TV manufacturer has increased research and development and further improved TV products.On the other hand, adjustments were made to the price, which appropriately reduced the price of the product.However, in the first three months after the adjustment, the market share of its TV products did not increase but decreased.
Which of the following, if true, best explains the above phenomenon?
A.Consumers usually consider the price differences of different products rather than the price differences of the same product over different periods
B.A family will first consider the original brand when buying TV products again
C.Consumers usually measure TV product quality by price
D.Other TV manufacturers have also adjusted product prices

b
Urban disease refers to the influx of people into large cities, causing its public service functions to be over-consumed, and ultimately causing problems such as traffic congestion, housing tension, and air pollution.Some experts believe that when urban diseases are severe enough to a certain extent, the attraction of large cities is The power will decrease, people will no longer gather in big cities as before, and urban diseases will be reduced, thus renewing vitality.
If the following are true, which of the following can weaken the above view?
A.China has entered an outbreak of urban disease, and residents' lives have been affected
B.The public services that big cities can provide are irreplaceable for small and medium cities
C.The government should use more financial resources to develop small and medium cities, towns, and rural areas
D.Small and medium cities are full of vitality, have great development potential, and will be very attractive to people

a
"There is good news and bad news." No matter what the topic is, such an opening remark immediately makes a chill spread all over the body.Then this sentence is often followed by such a question: Do you want to hear the good news first bad news? A new study suggests that you may want to listen to the bad news first.
If the following are true, what will most weaken the argument?
A.If the message comes from someone you trust, then the order in which you want to hear the good and bad news first will be different
B.Research finds that if the person who publishes the message, the result is always the good news first
C.Psychologists have found that the order in which good and bad news is released is likely to change how people feel about the news
D.Psychological assessment results show that students who hear the bad news first have less anxiety than students who hear the good news first

d
The last four teams in this year's league finals are A.B, C and D.Among them, N and T are the head coaches of Team A and D respectively.It has been pointed out that Team A has won every previous season that won the championship.Coach T's team; under the guidance of Coach N, the D team has won the championship every other year for the past 4 years, but the D team did not win the championship last year.
Which of the following, if true, contradicts the above statement?
Coach A.T may have coached the D team
Coach B.N coached the team last year
C.Team A won the championship 4 times
D.The D team did not win the championship the year before

c
Soil is a rock that is broken by weathering and changes in physical and chemical properties to form a loosely structured weathering crust.The weathering crust is a surface material that has formed over a long time under the action of climate and biology.It is called soil invader.
According to the above definition, which of the following is soil invaders?
A.Massive gravel in the Gobi Desert
B.Plenty of pebbles present on the river bed
C.Bricks excavated during archeological excavations
D.Weeds growing in rock cracks

b
Truth refers to the correct reflection of objective things and their laws in human consciousness.Truth can be divided into two types: rational truth and factual truth.Rational truth refers to the truth that has universality and inevitability.Truth refers to the truth that is contingent, and the opposite is possible.
According to the above definition, which of the following is truths of reason?
A.Moon is halo and wind, the foundation is rainy
B.If A is greater than B and B is greater than C, then A is greater than C
C.Giving benefits a little bit is the most effective
D.If a person violates the law, he will be punished by law

b
The digital divide refers to the impact of information and the Internet.People's information acquisition, information processing, and information dissemination are all achieved through digital technologies.As a result, different individuals, groups, or countries have ideological, economic, cultural, and political issues.And so on, the gap is getting wider.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is not related to the digital divide?
A.Xiao Song, who came home from vacation, talked with her classmates on her mobile phone, and she was full of new words on the Internet.
B.Xiao Zhao is obsessed with online games all the time, and his parents persuaded many times that it was not effective. Therefore, Xiao Zhao and his parents had many disputes.
C.Fruits planted in a town in the east have been ordered through the Internet platform before they mature, but the quality and cheap fruits in a township in the west can only be rotten on the tree because no one knows
D.Some western countries have used their technology accumulation to obtain absolute advantages in big data processing.They have further implemented technical blockades, which has made some countries incapable of sharing big data.

c
Negative priming effect refers to the psychological phenomenon that people's subsequent perception processing of a type of stimulus becomes difficult due to the influence of a certain stimulus before.Among them, the perceptual processing process refers to the occurrence of external things acting on the senses of the person, resulting in the mind.The process of understanding and understanding of things.
According to the above definition, which of the following is negative start-up effects?
A.First present a set of Chinese characters to the participants, with the word "海" in them, and then ask them to write the characters with a "氵" in their radicals.The probability of these people writing "Sea" has not increased.
B.First, present the words "table" to a group of participants on the blackboard, and then play the voice "chair".After a while, ask the participants to say the words they saw and heard, and found that many people answered incorrectly.
C.Participants are asked to answer the color of the words displayed on the screen, first, present the word "green" (the font is red), and then the word "blue" (the font is green).It is found that the participants have difficulty identifying the color
D.Present the subject with an unfinished painting.As the painting becomes more complete, the subjects gradually recognize the content of the painting.After a period of time, present the unfinished painting to them, and they will recognize it earlier.Drawing content

a
Intuitive teaching refers to a teaching method that uses teaching aids as sensory transmitters to show relevant content to students to improve learning efficiency or effect.Intuitive teaching includes physical intuition, imitative intuition, and intuitive language.Physical intuition can directly perceive actual things The imitative intuition is directly perceived through the simulated image of practice; the verbal intuition is carried out by the visualized language through the students' perception of the material form of the language (voice, glyph) and the semantic understanding.An intuitive form.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is three types of intuitive teaching?
A.Ask students to read the entire novel after class and write a review
B.Take students to factories and villages for field visits in the summer
C.Ask students to read theatrical works in different roles, or experience the character of the characters by performing on stage
D.In the art appreciation class, use slides to show students the classics of western oil painting

c
Leafage index refers to the ratio of the number of leaves on the main stem of cereal crops to the total number of leaves.It is one of the important indicators to measure the growth process of crops.
Based on the above definition, what must be said about the leaf age index?
A.Leafage index of rice is directly proportional to its growth process
B.The larger the leaf age index of buckwheat, the higher its yield
C.The maximum leaf age index of wheat is 100%
D.The average leaf age index of corn is greater than that of sorghum

b
The Turing test means that the test subject is separated from the test subject (a person and a machine) and asks the test subject through some devices (such as a keyboard).After asking some questions, if the test subject With more than 30% of the replies failing to make the tester determine which is a person and which is a machine, then this machine passed the test and was considered to have human intelligence.
According to the above definition, which of the following tests must pass the Turing test?
A.40% of the responses to Mecha are all confirmed to be machines
B.60% of the respondents to machine B testers can confirm that they are machines or humans
C.30% of the responses to machine C.90% of the residents of a community confirmed that it was a machine
D.30% of the responses to the machine, 10% of the students in a certain school cannot confirm that it is a machine

a
Product liability means that the product or seller of the defective product shall bear the product if the product is defective and there is a danger that it may endanger personal and property safety, resulting in the loss of the person, product, or other third party's person or other direct property.Special tort liability.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following can the following victims claim for infringement damages due to product liability?
A.A bought a new car and once when driving with a friend Wang, the car spontaneously ignited due to circuit quality problems, causing Wang to be burned.
B.B bought a coat, there was no washing sign and ingredient description on the coat, and the salesperson did not tell how to wash it.The coat shrank severely after washing
C.C bought a new mobile phone, and once it was automatically shut down due to quality problems and could not be turned on, causing C to miss the customer's call and lost a large order
D.Ding ’s TV has been in use for 20 years, and a few shots are fine when the image is not clear.Once Ding slaps the TV, the TV explodes, causing Ding to be injured.After inspection, it is found that the picture tube is aging.

c
Humans have been fighting malaria for centuries, but it has always been a "palm cure, not a cure"-the source of malaria infection cannot be blocked.Researchers have developed a genetically modified mosquito that has no longer infected with malaria.Ability, and can prevent the breeding of wild mosquitoes, thereby effectively cutting off the transmission path of malaria between humans and mosquitoes.Over time, it can eradicate malaria.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Genetically modified mosquitoes are inferior to wild mosquitoes and are easy to die once placed in the wild
B.Genetically modified mosquitoes have a survival advantage only when malaria exists.When there is no malaria in the living environment, they have the same survival rate as wild mosquitoes.
C.The reproductive capacity of transgenic mosquitoes increased significantly after 9 generations of breeding, which may lead to the extinction of wild mosquito populations
D.Offspring produced by mating transgenic mosquitoes with wild mosquitoes do not all have anti-malaria genes, but mutations occur at the genetic level to form new mosquitoes

d
After looking at the thousands of exoplanets discovered by the Kepler Space Telescope, researchers found that the Milky Way has a large number of planets, with planets around almost every star.Many stellar systems have two to six planets, about three of them One-half of the planets are in a habitable zone, and the temperature of the planet's surface is suitable for the existence of liquid water, which may mean that there are habitable planets almost everywhere in the Milky Way.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.As long as there is water, there is the possibility of life, but it may not be able to complete evolution
B.The distance between many habitable zone planets and stars is less than the distance between the earth and the sun, and the flare released by stars may kill life
C.The conclusion that "there are two to six planets in the star system" is derived from the Titus-Bode rule of more than 200 years ago.
D.80% of the 200 to 400 billion stars in the Milky Way are red dwarfs, and more than half of the red dwarfs are surrounded by planets similar to Earth, and there are water and the atmosphere

c
Recently, some foreign scholars and media have conducted more introspection and criticism of the Western democratic system, pointing out that Western democracy is declining.In this regard, some scholars believe that one of the reasons for the decline of Western democracy is its genetic defects.Western democracy was established Based on a hypothetical premise, that is, rights are absolute; that is, rights and duties are relative, but in the western democratic model, the absoluteness of rights has become the mainstream, various rights are absolute, and individualism is paramount.Lack of social responsibility.
Which of the following, if true, would best support a scholar's point of view?
A.Western democracy's preference for absolute rights has led to the neglect of others' rights and living environment
B.Rights are limited.Beyond the limits of rights, they may be abused.
C.The U.S.and the U.S.parties often put their own rights above national interests, reject each other, and endanger the interests of the country and citizens
D.The "procedural all-around" theory has led to the gamification of western democratic systems, and democracy has been reduced to a campaign process

b
Greenland is the largest island on the planet, formed 3.8 billion years ago, and most of it was covered by snow and ice.There are a lot of ancient rock fossils buried underground in Greenland.They are arranged like a neat dike, also known as Serpentine.With these serpentine, one can conclude that Greenland was an undersea continent in ancient times.
Which of the following can be used as a prerequisite to reaching the above conclusion?
A.The age and characteristics of these serpentine fossils are consistent with those found in Isua, which was once an undersea continent
B.Serpentine is a rock formed when two continental plates collide with each other in motion and squeeze the continent
C.The shape of carbon in serpentine presents a tubular and onion-like structure unique to biological tissues, similar to early marine microorganisms
D.Many new continents were created by the movement of the continental plate.Before the plate movement took place, most of the earth was a vast ocean.

d
At the beginning of September when the university enrollment came, there were several mobile phone operators who went to a university campus to promote product sales.Several operators launched free package services.However, one of the operators launched a package at a favorable price.Students advertised that what other operators call "free" packages is to obtain operating expenses by selling consumer identity information.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the propaganda of the salesperson?
A.There is a clear law that mobile phone operators must not sell consumer identity information
B.It is difficult to guarantee that operators with favorable prices will not sell the identity information of consumers
C.Poor mobile phone signal provided by free plan operator
D.Free tier operators obtain operating expenses through advertising

a
During the final review of the festival by the directors of a large party, there were six programs that had not yet been determined.These six programs were Song A.Song B, Crosstalk C, Crosstalk D, Dance E, and Magic F.Comprehensive consideration of various Factors, the director group determined the following scheme: (1) Song A and Song B must be at least the previous one; (2) If cross-talk C cannot pass or cross-talk D cannot pass, then song A cannot pass; (3) if cross-talk C cannot Pass, then Magic F cannot pass; (4) Only Dance E can pass, Song B can pass.The director's group finally determined that Dance E cannot pass.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Unsure whether argument F will pass
B.Song A cannot pass
C.Unable to determine if two cross talk programs will pass
D.Song B can pass

c
A B, C, and D discuss the weekend outing.A says: B goes, I will definitely go; B says: C goes I will not go; C says: No matter if D goes or I go, D says: At least one of A and B will go, I will go.
Which of the following inferences may be correct?
A.B and C are gone
B.A went alone
C.A.C, and D went
D.Four people have gone

d
Some researchers believe that some people suffer from asthma due to emotional problems.Negative emotions such as anxiety, depression, and anger can cause the body to release substances such as histamine, which triggers asthma.However, opponents believe that the increased excitability of the vagus nerve and Reduced sympathetic response is the cause of asthma and has nothing to do with the patient's emotional problems.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the opponent's point of view?
A.Modern medicine has proven that negative emotions can also induce physical illness
B.Asthma attacks can cause emotional anxiety, depression, and anger in patients
C.Negative emotions such as anxiety, depression, and anger are common problems in modern people
D.Negative emotions increase the excitability of the vagus nerve and reduce the responsiveness of the sympathetic nerve

c
A scientific research institution in a country tracked the mental health of more than 10,000 people born in the 1950s and 1970s, during which they tested their language skills, space perception and induction ability between the ages of 13 and 18.During this period, adolescents whose language ability is far below the level of their peers have a higher risk of developing a mental illness such as schizophrenia in adulthood.Researchers believe that the level of language competence in adolescence will be an important indicator for predicting mental illness in adulthood.
Which of the following, if true, can challenge the above view?
A.Abnormal levels of hormone secretion in adolescence, affect brain development and cause sluggish language development
B.Adolescents with schizophrenia develop inductive skills more slowly than their language skills
C.Many mentally healthy brain tumor patients often experience problems with delayed language development in their adolescents
D.Proper education can significantly improve adolescents' language skills, but it has little effect on the elderly

a
Water conservancy projects are projects that are used to control and deploy surface water and groundwater in the natural world to achieve the purpose of harm removal and profit.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not related to water conservancy projects?
A.Municipal wastewater treatment plants use microorganisms to decompose and absorb organic matter in water
B.Hydropower station uses hydropower technology to convert water energy into electricity
C.Construction of irrigation facilities for the rational development and use of groundwater in agriculture to meet crop growth needs
D.Establish riparian spillway in the water conservancy hub to prevent dam failure caused by flooding over the reservoir capacity

d
The schematic function of a sentence refers to expressing some kind of notification, caution, command, or request through a sentence, the purpose of which is to require others to do or not perform certain actions in accordance with the ideas expressed in the sentence.
According to the above definition, which of the following is schematic functions that do not reflect the sentence?
A.All students please come to the playground
B.Please do not step on the lawn
C.Prohibition of the production of counterfeit and shoddy products
D.The sales department should now be meeting

d
Monetary assets refer to assets held in cash and assets to be received in a fixed or determinable amount of currency, including cash, accounts receivable and notes receivable, and bonds to be held to maturity.Refers to assets other than monetary assets.The economic benefits (that is, the amount of money) that these assets bring to the enterprise in the future are not fixed or uncertain.
According to the above definition, which of the following is monetary assets?
A.Inventory goods in a clothing factory
B.Vehicles used by a car company for rental
C.Trademark rights of a mobile phone brand under a communication company
D.Technology subsidies obtained by a chemical group in accordance with national regulations

b
Fire projection density refers to the maximum amount of ammunition fired by the military sector in unit time during military operations.It is one of the important indicators for measuring the combat effectiveness of combat troops in modern military science.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following to enhance the combat effectiveness of the troops by increasing the fire projection density?
A.An infantry division selects special shooters among ordinary soldiers and arranges them into a sniper squad, which can more effectively kill the enemy's living force.
B.A country replaced all semi-automatic rifles in its queue with fully automatic rifles, increasing the firing frequency of bullets
C.An artillery unit extended the originally planned two-hour gunfire cover time to three hours, which more effectively killed the enemy in the bunker.
D.A military scientific research unit has developed a more advanced gunfire positioning system, which can reduce the fire strike error from a radius of 200 meters to 50 meters

a
Ambush marketing refers to the use of media and the public's attention to major events, and by holding events related to major events, they can associate themselves with major events, thereby attracting consumer associations and media attention.This type of marketing is usually hidden Suddenly, not appearing as a sponsor, but silently promoted his brand.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not ambush marketing?
A.A mineral water company invites famous athletes to endorse it and puts advertisements in the prime time of TV media and video media of some large hotels
B.After the earthquake, an outdoor company donated a tent worth 1 million yuan to the disaster area and held a donation ceremony.
C.A city held a knowledge competition for primary and secondary school students, a publishing group distributed its published books to participants for free
D.From time to time during the Formula One World Championship, there will be people waving colorful flags printed with the trademark of a tire company

c
The famous scientist and science historian Price said: If K represents the number of people involved in a certain professional field, then the square root of this number is roughly equal to the number of the top group of people who make a half contribution to this field.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is in line with Price's point of view?
A.A country's publishing association counted its national journals and found that there are about 150 journals related to the economy, and half of all economic-related scientific papers have been published in 13 of them.
B.There is a 200,000 agricultural population in a county.Statistics show that in the past year, about half of the county's total grain output was contributed by about 450 large grain growers.
C.An organization counted the performances of public concerts held around the world in the past year and found that all performances were performed by about 250 composers, about half of which were from 16 composers
D.An online store selling luxury goods has received 100,000 visits in the past year, but about half of all sales, last year were provided by about 300 of them.

d
Free-fall motion refers to the motion of an object that starts to fall only from a standstill under the action of gravity.This kind of motion can only occur under vacuum conditions.In the presence of air, if the resistance of air is relatively small and can be ignored, the object's fall can be approximated as a free-fall motion.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following can be considered approximately as a free-fall motion?
A.Ripe apples are blown from the tree by the wind
B.A plane in flight is hit by a missile and falls
C.The ball that was thrown was not caught and fell to the ground
D.At noon in winter, the ice edge melts and falls from the eaves

c
Reference dependence refers to the individual's judgment of the value of gain and loss based on a reference point.Above the reference point, the individual's feelings are gains, and vice versa.The perception of losses and gains depends on the choice of reference points.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not a reference dependency?
A.Ms.Zhang had to suspend work for half a year because of childbearing and breastfeeding.She lost many customers and was distressed.But she became happy again when she saw her healthy and lively son.
B.Zhang was originally very satisfied with the income.He heard that he joined the company at the same time as himself.Now that Xiao Li, who is also a project manager, has a 10% higher income than himself, he is not so satisfied with the income.
C.The researcher designed an experiment to inform the subjects that their neighbors had lower monthly hydropower expenditures than they did, and found that the subjects ’household energy consumption was significantly reduced next month.
D.My sister scored 99 points on the mid-term exam and 95 points on the final exam.My mother criticized her; my brother scored 75 points on the mid-term exam and 85 points on the final exam.His mother rewarded him.

b
Stealth positioning strategy means that when a class of products is not favored by consumers, the company can legally use certain strategies to eliminate consumer prejudice against such products without breaking the boundaries of product categories and make consumers accept them.They achieve better sales.
According to the above definitions, which of the following does not apply the stealth positioning strategy?
A.The sales of a game machine produced by a company are not good.The company decided to upgrade the product and proposed the concept of creating a home entertainment platform.
B.A company has developed a home robot, but consumers are not interested.The company adjusted its thinking and launched a cute, non-housework robotic dog that became very popular as soon as it was launched.
C.A company launches a small computer that is rarely concerned due to high pricing.The company emphasizes in its product promotion that it can be used as a mobile digital device to distinguish it from low-end products, thereby opening up sales
D.A company launched a new SUV model, but few people asked for it, so the company launched another expensive sports car.

a
The transitive relationship refers to any element A.B, and C.If element A and element B have some relationship and element B and element C have this relationship, then element A and element C also have this relationship.Anti-transitive relationship It means that if element A has some relationship with element B and element B has that relationship with element C, but element A has no relationship with element C.
According to the above definition, which of the following is relationships that are transitive?
A.Greater than relations in natural numbers
B.Classmate relations in life
C.Father-son relationship in the family
D.Natural enemy relationship in the food chain

a
An online shopping platform released an online shopping survey report analyzing the characteristics of Asian women's online shopping.The analysis shows that contemporary Asian women have 88% of the decision power in online clothing and cosmetics, and 85% of the decision in online household products.According to this, Asian women who love online shopping have greater control over their families.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above conclusion?
A.Asian women who love online shopping spend only 25% of their household consumer spending
B.Asian women, only 30% of women are used to shopping online
C.Asian women often discuss with their husbands when purchasing valuable goods
D.Some Asian women are economically independent and do not contribute to household income

c
Research on the earth's glaciers found that when the volcano below the glacier begins to erupt, it will quickly generate a steam flow, explosively penetrate the ice layer, release ash into the high altitude, and produce zeolites, sulfides, and clay.These minerals have also been detected on some circular flat-topped hills on the surface of Mars, and they are widespread and abundant.Therefore, it is speculated that Mars was covered by ice sheets in the early days, and there had been more volcanic activity there.
In order to reach the above conclusions, what premise needs to be added?
A.Recently, the Mars Reconnaissance Image Spectrum Analyzer found that a volcano exists in the South Pole of Mars
B.Mars geological activity is not active, most of the landforms were formed during ancient times
C.Zeolites, sulfides, and clays are unique substances that are produced only after volcanic activity under the glacier
D.Some ancient bacteria were found in the rocks of the flat-topped hills of Mars, indicating that there may have been a source of water here

a
Alzheimer's disease is a relatively serious disease, and the mutation of gene 4 was once thought to be a causative factor of Alzheimer's disease.However, some scientists have recently suggested that the cause of this complex disease may be simple, that is, Some microorganisms that can cause brain infections, such as the HSV-1 virus.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above-mentioned scientist's point of view?
A.People who carry the mutation 4 gene and are infected with HSV-1 virus are twice as likely to develop Alzheimer's disease than those who have such mutations alone
B.When the mouse brain was infected with HSV-1, mice carrying the mutant gene 4 produced 14 times more viral DNA than normal mice
C.Some patients with mutation # 4 have improved their condition after treatment with antiviral drugs
D.The HSV-1 virus is also present in the brains of some healthy older adults

b
Easter Island is an isolated island located in the Pacific Ocean.In the report, the decline of Easter Island civilization is often used as a cautionary tale, telling about the wanton logging of palm trees by human beings, leading to the loss of fertile soil, which eventually led to a shortage of food on the island.Decline.However, some experts recently suggested that the decline of Easter Island civilization is not necessarily related to tree felling.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of these experts?
A.Around 1200 AD, residents of the island began cutting palm trees to build wooden boats and transport large stone statues
B.Archeological finds that after the last trees (palm trees) on the island were felled, a large number of indigenous peoples still live, and their agricultural farming level has not decreased.
C.Pollen analysis shows that as early as 800 AD, the destruction of forests has begun, and the pollen of large palm trees and other trees in island strata is becoming less and less.
D.Dutch colonists started landing on Easter Island in 1772 and enslaved the local population.At that time, the island's indigenous population was 4,000, and by 1875 there were only 200.

b
Research shows that about 2 million years ago, humans began using stone tools to process foods, such as cutting meat and mashing plants.At the same time, humans gradually evolved to form smaller teeth and face shapes, as well as weaker chewing muscles and biting power.Researchers speculate that the use of tools weakens the power of chewing, leading to changes in human face shapes.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the opinion of the above researchers?
A.Research on primates that are closer to humans and found that they spend half of their day chewing, their oral muscles are very developed, and their faces are large
B.Human food types changed 2 million years ago, which accelerated changes in human faces
C.After processing food with stone tools, more and more foods have been processed to a higher degree and become easier to chew
D.Early humans evolved smaller chewing structures, a process that made other changes possible, such as an increase in brain size

b
From 250 to 800 AD, the Mayan civilization was still very developed, the city was prosperous, and the harvest of crops was also very pleasing.The climate records show that the Maya region had relatively high rainfall during this period.Since then, the Mayan civilization began to decline.From about 820 AD For 95 consecutive years, the region has begun to experience intermittent droughts, and droughts in some places have lasted for decades.Many experts believe that climate change in the 9th century may be the reason for the demise of the Mayan civilization.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of these experts?
A.The Mayan cities that declined in the 9th century were mostly distributed in the south, and construction activities using wood were also greatly reduced
B.As with all large farming civilizations, the Maya society is largely dependent on crops, and drought has led to a reduction in agricultural products, seriously affecting the survival of the Maya
C.Most Maya cities declined between 850 and 925 AD, coinciding with the time of the drought
D.Stone carving and other construction activities in the Maya region were reduced by almost half between 1000 and 1075 when the local area suffered another severe drought

d
There is a "blood-brain barrier" between the human brain and the blood.Any substance that acts as a sleeper must first pass through this barrier to work.Milk contains an amino acid called tryptophan that can cross the blood-brain barrier.It makes serotonin, a hormone that induces sleep, so drinking milk before bedtime is considered a very effective way to promote sleep.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.When the skin temperature rises, you will fall asleep faster, so drinking a cup of hot milk is like taking a hot bath to speed up falling asleep.
B.The small amount of tryptophan contained in a small portion of milk is not enough to cause large fluctuations in the body's hormone levels.Only a large amount of milk can help sleep.
C.Carbohydrates such as rice are better at helping sleep.They stimulate insulin synthesis and allow amino acids other than tryptophan to enter muscle tissue, making it easier for tryptophan to enter the brain.
D.Milk contains many types of amino acids.When these substances enter the blood, they will compete for passage through the blood-brain barrier, thereby reducing the ability of tryptophan to cross the blood-brain barrier.

d
In a company, Li Ming helped Wang Gang, and Wang Gang helped Zhao Xian.Li Ming paid more taxes than Zhao Xian.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Wang Gang pays more taxes than Zhao Xian
B.Li Ming pays taxes as much as Wang Gang
C.Someone helped someone who paid more than him
D.Someone helped someone who paid less than him

b
Ethical credit refers to an ethical relationship caused by certain pre-agreements, contracts, commitments, vows, etc.in people's interactions, and the underlying rationale order is condensed to adhere to promises and fulfill the agreed moral standards.The understanding of order and the practice of rules have formed corresponding moral conduct.
According to the above definition, which of the following is related to ethical credit?
A.Chen saw a group of people besieging the neighbor's children.He ran forward and drank loudly while calling the police.
B.Zhao agreed to her husband's dying request.After the death of her husband, she treated the two children left by her husband's ex-wife as if they had raised them and raised them as adults.
C.Wang's father once lent Zhang a 100,000 yuan.After the death of his father, Wang asked Zhang to pay the money back.
D.There was a flood disaster in Li's hometown, and many farmers failed to harvest.His father asked him to start his company employees and WeChat circle friends to donate money and supplies.

a
Targeted regulation refers to the government's clear and clear regulatory policies for different regulatory areas to make the regulation more targeted.Camera regulation refers to the government's flexibility to decide which policy or policies should be adopted based on market conditions and the characteristics of various regulatory measures.Measures focus on "pre-adjustment, fine-tuning".Directional control is "what" and camera control is "how to".
According to the above definition, which of the following is camera controls?
A.At the beginning of the year, the government of country A proposed work targets such as the "lower limit" of economic growth rate and employment level, and the "upper limit" of the price increase.
B.The government of country B proposes a "dual engine" strategy: one is to reduce the burden on market entities such as small and micro enterprises, and "three rural"; the other is to support the construction of public products and public services, and to promote investment.Specific measures will be formulated by localities
C.The government of country C has formulated targeted deed tax and mortgage policies based on the different characteristics of the real estate market in Tier 1, 2 and 4 cities.
D.The economic policy of the Ding Guo government on the production and sale of products and services is completely guided by the free price mechanism of the free market and the property rights are clear

d
The legal interpretation of the law means that although the law does not clearly specify a certain matter, according to normative purposes, the matter should be interpreted as the application of this legal provision.Its interpretation methods include weight lifting for clarity and weight lifting for clarity.The former refers to an action that should be allowed, provide for a situation that is more severe than it is allowed to indicate that it should be allowed.The latter means that for an action that should be prohibited, that is based on a situation that is lighter than it is prohibited To explain that it should be banned.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is the following judgment correct?
A.The law prohibits the picking of leaves in the park.According to decisiveness, climbing branches in the park should be prohibited.
B.Tang law stipulates that the owner is guilty of killing the night and entering the house without a reason.
C.It is prohibited by law to carry small animals, and lifting large animals should be prohibited.
D.The law stipulates that minors under the age of 16 do not bear criminal responsibility, and weight lifting is used for lightness, and minors under the age of 15 do not bear criminal responsibility

c
Systematic desensitization is a kind of psychological treatment.When a stimulus that causes anxiety and fear appears in front of the patient, guide the patient to relax, so that the patient gradually eliminates anxiety and fear, and no longer has a pathological response to the stimulus.It includes rapid The desensitization method and contact desensitization method, etc.The former is when the therapist accompanies the patient in a situation where the patient is afraid, until the patient is no longer nervous.The latter is through demonstration, which allows the patient to gradually come into contact with the object they are afraid of.The purpose of overcoming fear.
According to the above definition, if you want to treat a child who is particularly afraid of snakes, which of the following treatments is contact desensitization?
A.After the child watches the touch of others, pick up and drop the snake, and then let the child gradually approach and touch the snake.
B.Take your child to an indoor snake farm and watch a variety of snakes.Naturally, you won't be afraid anymore.
C.Tell the child an interesting fairy tale about the snake, which will trigger the child's happy mood and gradually reduce the fear of the snake
D.Record the child's horrified expressions and actions after seeing the snake, and then show these videos to the child over and over

a
The independent proof method and the fallacy method are two methods of indirect argumentation.Among them, the independent proof method is to prove that the contradicted proposition is true, thereby determining the refuted proposition to be false.The fallacy method is to be refuted.The proposition is true, leading to ridiculous conclusions, thus proving that the proposition to be refuted is false.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the independent proof method used in the following arguments?
A.A: Humans evolved from apes.B: Impossible! Has anyone seen this, and which monkey has become a human?
B.A: Heaven does not give birth to Zhong Ni, and eternity is like a long night.B: Does anyone before Zhong Ni live in darkness?
C.A: Human nature is evil.B: If human nature is evil, where does the moral code come from?
D.A: Sufficient food and clothing is a prerequisite for talking about morality.B: Sufficient food and clothing is not a prerequisite for talking about morality.In the past, societies that have not solved the problem of clothing and food are talking about morality.

a
The symbol phenomenon refers to the two things A and B that have no correlation in ideology.When we use the A thing to represent the B thing, the A thing can be regarded as the symbol of the B thing.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not a symbol phenomenon?
A.Siren of the fire truck
B.Cross marks used by medical institutions
C.Scales carved on the court gate
D.The referee's whistle

d
The human ear's susceptibility to one sound will change due to the presence of another sound.The lowest value that can be heard by the human ear will increase with the appearance of another sound, this phenomenon is auditory masking.
According to the above definition, which of the following is auditory masks?
A.During the noisy class, the teacher must speak loudly so that the students can hear
B.Wearing headphones for a long time to listen to music, you will feel that the volume of hearing gradually becomes smaller
C.Humans cannot hear ultrasound from animals such as bats
D.In the quiet room, we can hear the alarm clock ticking

c
Heterogeneous human capital refers to human capital with a form of increasing marginal productivity in a specific historical stage, which is manifested by the unique capabilities of the owner.These capabilities mainly include comprehensive coordination, judgment, and decision-making, learning and innovation Ability to take risks, etc.
Based on the above definitions, what does the following not involve heterogeneous human capital?
A.A factory has suffered a long-term loss.After Mr.Li became the factory director, he implemented a drastic reform, which quickly turned the factory into a profit.
B.Technician Chen deliberately delves into technology.He skillfully combines two technologies that are considered unlikely to be integrated, greatly reducing production costs.
C.The efficiency of a packaging factory is mediocre.After the designer Wang was applied to the factory, because of his novel design and fresh style, the packaging products of the factory suddenly became popular.
D.A factory hires an academician as a technical consultant.A large number of venture capital companies have come here, and some highly educated talents have also joined.

b
Digital guest interactive management refers to the use of advanced electronic communication and network means to achieve efficient, direct, autonomous, and reciprocating communication between the enterprise and the target customer group, so as to meet the personalized needs of customers.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is interactive management?
A.A city government has set up a mayor's mailbox on the official website to collect opinions from various quarters, answer mass inquiries in a timely manner, and work hard to improve government work.
B.A toy company establishes an online communication platform.As long as parents submit the required toy types, prices, functions, etc.to the platform, the company can produce them in a timely manner.
C.A furniture manufacturer collects massive data from the network, analyzes market demand, and adjusts furniture style in a timely manner
D.According to the information provided by a water heater manufacturer, a water heater manufacturer regularly contacts the customer to provide customers with free maintenance services.

c
Buzz marketing is a way of selling a product or service experience by providing it directly to potential consumers.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not beep marketing?
A.A software company launches a trial version of the software online, users can try it for free for three months
B.A camera company hires actors to play as couples in the bustling areas of major cities, invites passersby who may become target customers to take pictures of them, and takes the opportunity to promote the features of the new camera to them
C.An enterprise sends regular emails to users, sends product magazines, pushes discount information, and promises to return products unconditionally within one month of purchase.
D.A beverage company has marketers frequently appear in streets, cafes, bars, supermarkets, and other places, and ask passersby to taste different flavors of drinks to promote their brands

d
Helping the poor must help wisdom.Getting children in poor areas to receive a good education is an important task for poverty alleviation and development and an important way to block the intergenerational transmission of poverty.
which is the premise of the above view?
A.Intergenerational transmission of poverty leads to backward education
B.Most of the wealthy are well educated
C.Poverty alleviation is difficult
D.Knowledge changes destiny, education makes wealth

d
Some surveys show that some students lack creativity.Researchers believe that creative children are naughty at an early age, and in some families, children are severely scolded by parents if they are naughty, which leads them to be obedient and creative The power is reduced.
which is the most supported assertion of this survey?
A.Infancy is a critical period for the development of creativity
B.Educational methods affect the development of children's creativity
C.Young obedient children may lack creativity when they grow up
D.Some parents tend to adopt a more severe attitude towards children's naughty

c
It is generally believed that maintaining an optimistic attitude promotes health, but a 10-year follow-up study of 70,000 women in their 50s found that subjects who have remained optimistic and pessimistic for a long time have a mortality rate and there is no difference, and researchers believe that optimism is not related to health.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the researchers' conclusions?
A.The pessimistic people in this study were more chronically ill, although not yet severe enough to be fatal
B.Compared with pessimistic people, optimistic people will be more proactive in treating illness
C.Optimistic people often do not pay special attention to the body, and sometimes some fatal diseases cannot be detected early
D.Women are better at maintaining harmonious relationships, and good relationships help health

d
Since the 1950s, the number of large tornadoes that have erupted each year has increased from about 10 to 15 times.At the same time, human activities have surged and the global climate has significantly warmed.Some people believe that climate warming has caused tornadoes.Increased number of times.
Which of the following, if true, cannot weaken the above conclusion?
A.There are various types of tornadoes.After global warming, the number of small tornadoes has not changed significantly.
B.The warm climate is a necessary condition for the formation of tornadoes, and the formation of almost all tornadoes is related to the local high temperature
C.Despite global warming, tornadoes still occur most in the Midwestern United States, and tornadoes are rare in other regions
D.Tornado is the product of thunderstorm weather (that is, local convection weather accompanied by lightning strikes and lightning).As long as extremely strong air convection occurs during thunderstorms, tornadoes are prone to occur

d
A few days ago, researchers invented a new material with superelasticity, which can be stretched from 1 inch to more than 100 inches.At the same time, the material can repair itself and can be controlled by voltage.Therefore, the researchers believe that the use of the material can be made into artificial muscles, replacing human muscles, bringing the gospel to those patients who can't restore function after muscle damage.
Which of the following, if true, does not support the researcher's point of view?
A.The artificial muscle made of this material can immediately start the repair mechanism after being damaged or injured, and it will recover faster than normal muscles.
B.The material will expand or contract under electrical stimulation, has good flexibility, and is very close to normal muscles
C.At present, the artificial muscle developed by this material does not fit well with human nerves, and cannot achieve precise grasping of objects and other actions.
D.If the general material is damaged, it needs to be restored by solvent repair or thermal repair, and the material can recover by itself at room temperature.

a
There is a theory that about 50 million years ago, the ancestors of ring-tailed lemurs, flying foxes and other mammals living on the island of Madagascar took a natural "raft" and came to this island in Madagascar in the Indian Ocean.According to this theory, mammals from the southeast of the African continent drifted to Madagascar that year, and the means of transportation they used were large logs or floating vegetation.Before the raft was recorded, the storm dragged them into the sea, driven by the ocean current.These ancient "refugees" drifted for weeks and came to Madagascar.
Which of the following, if true, does not support the above drifting theory?
A.50 million years ago, the ocean currents around the two continental plates once moved eastward, that is, to Madagascar
B.Small mammals are naturally slow in metabolism and able to survive for weeks without much food and freshwater
C.Among the animals that reach Madagascar from the southeast of the African continent, there are no elephants, lions and other overweight and oversized mammals
D.50 million years ago, the distance between the African continent and Madagascar was different than today

d
A provincial swimming team conducted a month-long plateau training session.On the last day of the training session, all team members conducted an in-team test.Several coaches predicted the team's performance: Coach Zhang said: This training session is short and no one will meet the standard Coach Sun said: Some players will meet the standard.Coach Wang said: Provincial Games champions or national team members can reach the standard.After the test, only one coach's prediction was correct.
Can it be launched from this?
A.No one meets the standard
B.The team has reached the standard
C.Provincial Games champion
D.National team members fail to meet standards

c
Some of the young employees under 30 in a company signed up for the foreign language training course held by the company on the weekend.The company's department managers unanimously agreed to carry out field development training this weekend.All employees who signed up for the foreign language training course opposed the Expand training on weekends.
Can it be launched from this?
A.All department managers are over 30 years old
B.Some of the company's department managers have signed up for a weekend foreign language training course
C.The employees enrolled in the weekend foreign language training courses are young people under 30
D.Some young employees under 30 are not department managers

b
"Road anger" such as driving anger, changing lanes, overtaking, etc.is a mental illness called intermittent, fulminant disorder (IED).Some studies have found that the positive rate of Toxoplasma gondii in IED patients is non-IED Researchers believe that Toxoplasma gondii infection may be the culprit for IEDs, including "road anger".
Which of the following, if true, cannot support the researcher's point of view?
A.Toxoplasma infected mice are often bolder, more adventurous, and therefore more likely to be caught by cats
B.Toxoplasma over-stimulates neurons in the brain that control the threat response, easily triggering aggressive behavior
C.Impulsive behavior decreases after anti-infective treatment for IED patients who test positive for Toxoplasma gondii
D.Toxoplasma is a protozoan parasite on cats, but cats are more docile

d
The law hypothesis is a speculative explanation of the nature or cause of a class of things or phenomena, and draws a regular proposition that may have universal significance, thereby attempting to establish, develop, or supplement scientific theories.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are law hypotheses:
A.the teacher explained to the students that the cause of the tidal phenomenon is the periodic movement of seawater under the action of gravity
B, the warehouse of a unit was stolen, and since no signs of destructive entry were found, investigators believe that the insiders are very likely to commit crimes
C, Newton discovered the law of gravity based on the phenomenon of an apple falling
D, some researchers pointed out that the diseases caused by genes may be caused by genetic mutations

c
Strict directives refer to the following properties of a language expression: the object it indicates does not change with the specific context in which the expression is used.These contexts usually include the subject of the expression, and the expression is used Time, place, state of the world and more.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are strictly demonstratives:
A.current Secretary-General of the United Nations
B, the tallest person in the world
C, the smallest prime
D, often sitting in the middle of the first row of the classroom

a
The same disease and different treatment mean that Chinese medicine adopts different treatment methods for the same disease to achieve the treatment effect of seeking the original treatment of the disease.method.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are treatments of different diseases:
A.Jiujian prolapse and stomach ptosis are evidence of depression in the gas, which can be treated by lifting the gas
B, exogenous wind and heat, there is evidence of internal and external heat inside, it is appropriate to use both the internal and external medicines
C.The measles does not show through in the early stage, and it is advisable to declare pulmonary rash in the treatment.Lunger is obvious in the middle stage, and the heat should be cleared and detoxified.
D, Fengre cold should be treated with Xinliang solution method, cold d be treated with Xinwen solution method

c
Phenology is the phenomenon of corresponding seasonal changes in living things with the seasonal changes of the climate throughout the year.The factors affecting phenology include the differences in latitude, longitude, latitude, and time.
The phenological phenomena reflected in the following verses are affected by altitude differences:
A.the sunrise river flowers red wins the fire, spring comes river green as blue
B, Three or Two Peach Blossoms Outside the Bamboo, Spring River Plumbing Duck Prophet
C, April in the world is full, and the peach blossoms of the mountain temple begin to bloom
D, why should the flute blame the willow, the spring breeze will not pass the Yumen Pass

b
The fair world fallacy is that people tend to think that the world we live in is fair. A person achieves an achievement because he must have done something right, so this achievement is what he deserves; if a person encounters misfortune, he is also responsible Or even blame yourself.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following do not reflect the fallacy of the fair world:
A.one tillage, one gain
B, work in people, work in heaven
C, the poor must have hate
D, Skynet is restored

d
The two numbers or letters arranged in the order are called order pairs, such as 2a, e3, dm, etc., the first number or letter in the orordered pair is called the front item, and the second is called the post item.It is a finite sequence composed of several order pairs, where the first term of each ordered pair is a letter and a second term is a number, and for any ordered pair, if the first term is the same, the second term must be the same.
According to the above definition, which of the following is a function?
A.p3, c4, d6, p6, m8
B, b3,5a, 8n, p1,66
C, f4, h4, gm, y2, x2
D, a3, b5, d6, p1, e3

a
Pre-litigation property preservation refers to the fact that interested parties are in urgent circumstances.If they do not immediately apply for property preservation, their legal rights and interests will be irreparably damaged.Apply to the people's court before prosecution, a kind of property preservation measures taken by the people's court.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not pre-litigation property preservation:
A.Factory A borrowed 5 million yuan from Credit Cooperative B, and A could not return it on time.B then sued.During the trial, he learned that A had resold the equipment, and then requested the court to seal the building that A was selling.
B, A and B sign a subscription and sales contract.After A gives B a prepayment of 2 million yuan, he finds that B has fraudulent behavior and is unable to perform the contract, so he requests the people's court to freeze the 2 million prepaymentss.
C, Bank A signs an agreement with Company B.A provides a loan of RMB 50 million to B and pays off in 3 installments.When the first payment is due, B cannot return it.A applies to the court to seal B's property.
D, A owes 100,000 yuan to B.B has repeatedly found A to pay the money.But he learned that A had a car.B applied to the court to seal A's car, and then brought A to court.

c
The Employee Assistance Program is a set of long-term, systematic welfare programs set up by employees for employees.Professional guidance and counseling is provided to employees and their immediate relatives through professionals, and is designed to help solve the various psychological and behavioral issues of employees and their family members.Problems to improve employee performance in the enterprise.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are employee assistance programs:
A.Xiao Qi, the project manager's father, recently died.Xiao Qi was very sad, and the work efficiency was greatly affected.The general manager approved a condolence
B, the driver Xiaofang died when the traffic accident occurred while driving.The company hired a lawyer to defend Xiaofang's light punishment.Xiaofang was finally sentenced to three years in prison.
C, the accountant Pharaoh ’s son did not enter the university, and the Pharaoh couple was upset and blamed each other.Under the guidance of the company ’s psychologist, Pharaoh improved his communication with his wife and his mood gradually improved.
D, the employee Xiaoxin was in a low mood and had suicidal thoughts.He was diagnosed with major depression by the hospital and needed hospitalization.The company launched an assistance mechanism and paid for the hospitalization of Xiaoxin.

d
All kindergartens face the same problem: For parents who cannot pick up their children in time after school, the kindergarten teacher has no choice but to wait, so many kindergartens charge fees to parents who pick up their children late.However, there are surveys It shows that the number of parents who pick up their children late after charging fees has not decreased, but has increased.
Which of the following, if true, would best explain the findings?
A.the fee is too low, and it is not too binding on parents who often come to pick up children late
B, some parents are dissatisfied with the charging behavior, sometimes they willfully protest with the behavior of picking up their children late
C, some parents are often unable to pick up their children in time because of busywork
D.After charging, more parents think that they don't need to feel guilty even if they pick up their children late, just pay

a
Some experiments have shown that okra extract, okra pigment, has a certain effect on the treatment of animal diabetes.Some people believe that okra slices soaked in water can help lower blood sugar in people with diabetes.
If one of the following is true, the above argument can be questioned most?
A.only using extracted, concentrated high-dose okrabin can lower blood sugar in people with diabetes
B.It is the safest and most effective way to control blood sugar for people with diabetes.
C.Okra is effective in patients with type 2 diabetes and ineffective in patients with type 1 diabetes
D, the dietary fiber and multivitamins in okra are not higher than those of ordinary vegetables

c
Generally speaking, plastic is extremely difficult to decompose, and even small fragments are difficult to be degraded by the ecosystem, so the environmental damage caused by it is very serious.Recently scientists discovered that an insect called a wax insect can degrade polyethylene And it's extremely fast.If we use biotechnology to replicate waxworm-degraded polyethylene, it will help us effectively clean up plastic waste accumulated in landfills and the ocean.
Which of the following, if true, does not support the above conclusion?
A.the main component of plastic waste around the world is polyethylene
B, wax insects can indeed damage the polymer chain of polyethylene plastics
C.The environmental impact of polyethylene-degraded substances by wax insects is unclear
D.Existing scientific and technological means can purify the enzyme that degrades polyethylene in wax insects

a
Some researchers believe that human hair loss is caused by imbalanced nutrition.When the human body cannot absorb balanced nutrition, the hair follicles will shrink and cause hair loss.However, some opponents believe that hair loss is caused by damaged hair follicles.When After the hair follicle is damaged, it is in a "false death" state, and the hair follicles degenerate and shrink, causing the hair to stop growing and gradually wither and fall off.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the opponent's point of view?
A.hair follicle damage is caused by imbalanced nutrition
B, long-term undernourished people often have yellow hair and are prone to hair loss
C, using shampoo can also cause some damage to the hair follicles
D, Damaged hair follicle prevents it from absorbing nutrients from the scalp, which leads to hair loss

b
Stress itself does not have the ability to cause pain, but epidemiological investigations found that long-term stress is positively related to the occurrence of chronic pain, that is, people who are under great pressure for a long time are more prone to pain symptoms and develop chronic pain.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the findings?
A.people with anxiety tend to have higher stress levels and a higher incidence of chronic pain
B, long-term stress can affect the neuroendocrine system and weaken the function of the human pain suppression system
C, smoking causes disorders in the human neuroendocrine system, and has similar effects on pain perception as stress
D, if it can effectively relieve stress and maintain a peaceful mind, the incidence of chronic pain will be reduced by 50%

d
Since the implementation of the target term responsibility system for the manager's term in the previous year, the company's economic benefits have also increased year by year.It can be seen that only by implementing the target term responsibility system for the manager's term can Company A's economic benefits increase steadily.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument?
A.the country's economic development has been rapid in the past two years, and the overall situation of the shipping industry is good
B.The shipping company B, which has not implemented the term target responsibility system, has steadily increased its economic benefits in the past two years.
C, the first-year company A began to implement employee salary management system reform, which greatly mobilized the enthusiasm of company employees
D.If shipping company A does not implement the term target responsibility system, the economic benefits of the past two years will grow faster.

c
All earthquakes start with P waves.These P waves move fast, causing the ground to shake up and down, causing less damage.The next one is the S wave, which moves very slowly, causing the ground to shake back and forth, left and right, and destructive The early warning system measures the movement of the P wave along the ground to predict the impact of the S wave and then issues an alert.However, scientists working on such systems have found that people don't have much time, in fact, Prepare for the earthquake.
To reach the above conclusions, the most important prerequisites to be supplemented are:
A.there are more than 5 million earthquakes on the earth every year, and most people don't feel it
B.According to the records of major earthquakes over the years, most of the strong earthquakes occurred instantly at night, and it was impossible to organize effective defensive operations in a short time.
C, the bigger the earthquake, the shorter the interval between the P wave and the S wave, leaving less time for people to warn
D.When a large earthquake occurs, people first feel ups and downs, and then there is a strong horizontal sway.This sway is caused by the S wave.

c
A young man went to the magazine to inquire about the submission results.The editor said, "I have read your manuscript.In general, there are some foundations, but language expression is still not mature enough to be childish." The young man asked: "That can Can't it be considered a children's literature? "
Which of the following options are the same as those made by young people:
A.A preached everywhere, "I never show off my strengths."
B, A said: "Life is too short, we should cherish time, seize the opportunity, and splurge."
C, A asks: "I can write a red letter with blue pen ink, can you believe it?" B Answers: "No." A wrote a "Red" word on paper with a pen
D, A bumped into Pedestrian B while driving.The two argued.A said: "I have many years of driving experience, and the responsibility cannot be with me.

b
Advance entanglement refers to the helplessness, depression, and pain of people who have the right insights in mediocre crowds when their views are not accepted, they are not believed, and they are powerless in the development of things.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following can best reflect the advance entanglement:
A.The sages of Gulai are lonely, but the drinker keeps his name
B.The world is turbid, I am alone, the world is drunk, I am alone
C.Helplessly the flowers fall, and it seems that acquaintances have returned
D.Drunk lying down on the field, Jun smiled, a few people returned in Kulai to fight

a
The guilt compensation strategy refers to a strategy that does not directly request, but emphasizes that the other party is in a difficult position due to the responsibility of the other party, causing the other party to feel guilty, so that the other party compensates itself.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following reflects guilt compensation strategies:
A.A confesses to Lee that he was deceived because he mistrusted the information he sent.Lee, therefore, lent L without interest to do business for peace of mind.
B.B was criticized by the leader for being late for work, blaming his wife for not waking him up in time after returning home, and asking his wife to be responsible for bringing children at night, and the wife promised him
C.C.drove Chen to invite an outing, and C.sprained his foot accidentally on the way.He had to take time off to take a break.Chen felt very guilty and decided to help C.pick and drop the child to and from school
D.Ding accidentally hurt while doing the cleaning in Zhuangmou's house.Zhuangmou heard that the housekeeping company said that Ding's family was very difficult, and he paid 5,000 yuan for Ding's treatment.

d
Fair use refers to the non-commercial use of works published by others without the permission of the copyright owner, and without having to pay remuneration under the circumstances specified in the law.The "cases specified in the law" mainly include: (1) Personal study, research or appreciation, using published works of others; (2) performing published works for free; (3) copying, painting, photography, video recording of artistic works installed or displayed in outdoor public places; (4) Translate published works created in Chinese and written into minority languages and publish works for publication.
According to the above provisions, Which of the following are fair use:
A.A sang an unpublished song at the class party
B.B translates an English work into Mongolian work and publishes it
C.Company C took the sculptures in the public square and made them into pictures.
D.Ding Wei wrote a paper and copied a paper published by Geng in a journal for reference

c
The objective-value fallacy is a false reasoning, the premise of which is a factual description, and the conclusion expresses a description involving the meaning of value, and this reasoning does not presuppose an obvious premise of value judgment.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are objective-value fallacies:
A.There should be more exchanges and communication between people, more understanding and tolerance, and there will be fewer and fewer nation-states in the world
B.Since everyone must abide by the law, we should have more respect for the law and more respect for the rules
C.The world is becoming more and more urban, so people should not continue to live poetically in the countryside
D.The greening rate in this area is constantly increasing, and its air quality will continue to improve

b
Social fission is a profit-driven business model that promotes the dissemination and sales of products through social interaction between people.In essence, fission is formed through profit-driven incentives for customers.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not social fission:
A.After a micro-business customer selects a certain product and shares it in his social circle, after a friend helps to bargain, the customer can buy it at a low price and also promotes the product
B.After a WeChat user purchases her favorite product, she often takes pictures and sends it in the circle of friends.Slowly everyone knows that she likes to buy high-end luxury goods.
C.After a customer of an e-commerce platform successfully purchases a product and shares its link, all clickers can get a random amount of coupons provided by the merchant
D.A regular customer of a coffee shop can get a set coupon after participating in the "Invite friends to drink free coffee" event

d
Animal-assisted therapy is a process that uses animals as a medium to improve or maintain the physical condition of people with disabilities through human-to-animal contact, or to help them strengthen their interaction with the outside world, thereby promoting rehabilitation and adapting to society.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following situations are not classified as animal adjuvant therapy:
A.A mild-minded mini-pig is suitable for the accompaniment of autistic patients, reducing their anxiety when facing the crowd
B.Capuchin monkey can help the physically disabled to complete simple actions in daily life, such as opening and closing the door, controlling the remote control, etc.
C.Itachi will make a call to warn the host when the host has a mental illness, so that the host can take the medicine in time
D.British shorthair cat is docile and non-aggressive, happy and quiet, close to the owner, suitable for elderly people living alone

a
Arithmetic mean describes the average trend of a group of data.It is the quotient of the sum of all data divided by the number of data.When using it in statistics, it should be noted that when extreme values, ambiguous data or heterogeneous data appear , Can not calculate the arithmetic mean.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are suitable for calculating the arithmetic mean:
A.Statistics of the average age of residents in a community, including 204 children under 10 years old and 26 elderly people over 90 years old
B.A company counts the average annual income of young employees under the age of 35 and finds that it is basically between 100,000 and 120,000 yuan.One of them is a company executive with an annual income of more than one million yuan.
C.Statistics on the average height of adolescents in a school, including all students in the preschool, primary and middle schools
D.A city counts the average number of left-behind children in various districts and counties in the city.The districts and counties with a large number of migrant workers cannot perform accurate statistics, and only estimated data are provided.

b
A screenwriter is a person who doesn't mind being spoilt by watching a film or television drama, and even inquires about the plot introduction in advance and rummages through various film reviews.This kind of film viewers seeks to control the development of the plot.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are screenwriters:
A.After watching a good movie, Xiao Wang felt that he should share it with his girlfriend, so he invited his girlfriend to the movie theater and introduced her to the main content of the movie
B.Xiaodu emphasizes rational thinking in everything.For movies, he only has the urge to watch after he understands the authoritative evaluation, the content of the plot, and the characteristics of the screen.
C.Xiao Li is passionate about mystery movies.He likes to be intoxicated in the brain-burning plot.His mood fluctuates with the plot.He often assumes that he is a detective and always looks at others.
D.Uncle Zhang ’s wife watches TV shows at home all day after retirement.He knows the plots of many TV shows and often tells the plot to Uncle Zhang.

a
The medium refers to a nutrient matrix prepared by the combination of different nutrients for the growth and reproduction of microorganisms, plants or animals (or tissues), and generally contains carbohydrates, nitrogen-containing substances, inorganic salts, vitamins, water, and other substances.Natural The medium is a medium made from animals, plants or microorganisms, including their extracts; the synthetic medium is a medium that is artificially designed based on the components of the natural medium and simulated by chemical substances; the semi-combined medium is based on The chemical reagent is mainly formulated, and a medium with a small number of natural ingredients is also added.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are semi-combined media:
A.In order to study the growth of chicken embryo cells, a medium made by adding a small amount of corn juice to a certain proportion of saline amino acid solution
B.To promote the growth of lactic acid bacteria, a medium made from wheat wort
C.In order to accelerate the growth of chlorophyll, the medium made of organic components, mineral elements, agar, etc.in a ratio of 3: 1: 2
D.To observe the production of Clostridium perfringens, add 10 ml of ferrous sulfate to 1000 ml of fresh milk

b
One of the characteristics of the Bar-headed geese in flight is that they often fly in a certain formation, usually the birds behind are flying behind the side of the previous bird, so there is a common "herringbone" formation.Some studies The author believes that this formation can reduce the air resistance and reduce the energy consumption of the flight, but the opponents believe that if it is to reduce the resistance, the bird should choose a straight formation, because a flight following a flight can minimize the following The air resistance that the user needs to overcome.
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the opponent's conclusion?
A.During the flight, the lead geese will occasionally swap positions with their rear companions, otherwise they will be easily exhausted
B.Bar-headed geese drifted ahead of their companions.Although they cannot minimize air resistance, they can greatly reduce the energy consumption required for ascent.
C.Bar-headed geese will need a certain direction when flying, so they will not always be arranged in a "herringbone" flight.
D.In speed skating competitions, athletes often advance in a "herringbone" shape.One athlete is ahead, the other three are close behind, and the last three players benefit from the reduced resistance.

a
All living organisms need metabolism, otherwise, life will stop.Civilization is the same.If it is self-closed for a long time, it will inevitably decline.Exchanges and mutual learning are the essential requirements for the development of civilization.The vitality of life.
From this we can infer:
A.A civilization cannot maintain its vitality without exchanging knowledge with other civilizations
B.A civilization will not decline unless it is self-closed for a long time
C.If a civilization communicates and learns from other civilizations and learns from each other's strengths, it can maintain its vitality.
D.If a civilization does not maintain its vigorous vitality, it will not learn from other civilizations.

a
If Xiao Zhang goes to Xinjiang this summer, he will have to visit Turfan and Kanas, otherwise, he will not go; only if he travels with Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang will tour Turfan or Tianchi; if he travels with Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang must make an agreement with Xiao Li ; If Xiao Zhang makes an appointment with Xiao Li, Xiao Li must have time this summer.Unfortunately, this summer, Xiao Li's unit came to an urgent task, and the relevant person must not take leave, and Xiao Li is no exception.
From this we can infer:
A.Xiao Zhang hasn't been to Xinjiang this summer
B.Xiao Zhang goes to Kanas this summer
C.Xiao Zhang visits Tianchi this summer
D.Xiao Zhang is going to Turpan this summer

d
An animal's eggs will hatch by the microorganisms in the soil and the heat generated when the compost breaks down organic matter, but these microorganisms (including bacteria) will also penetrate the eggshell and infect the embryo.Naturally, this proportion is higher than 20%.However, In Australia, there is a bird named Cong Tzu Tiao, whose egg infection rate is only 9% .The researchers found that the egg shell contains lysozyme, and the researchers believe that this substance is likely to resist bacterial infestation.Key factor.
Which of the following, if true, does not weaken the above conclusion?
A.The amount of lysozyme contained in the eggshell of Cong Tzu Chong is comparable to that of other animals.
B.Cong Tzu-chan's egg shell is covered with a nano-scale calcium carbonate layer, which has stronger water resistance and resistance to bacterial invasion
C.Cong Tzu Tiao emits a special odor that reduces the number of bacteria attached to its eggshell
D.Compared to the egg shells of other animals, the eggshells of Cong Tzu Tiao are thinner by a third and are more susceptible to invasion by microorganisms

c
As temperatures rise, the chances of lightning strikes and fires in tropical rainforests also increase.However, current monitoring indicates that although rain lightning strikes in the American rainforest are more frequent, they do not cause more forest fires.Researchers believe this may be related to the large increase in vine plants in the rainforest in recent years.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Lightning and lightning strikes often cause temperate forest fires, but tropical rain forests do not cause large fires due to high humidity
B.The coverage of vines in the tropical rain forest in 1968 was 32%, and the current coverage rate is as high as 60%, and some areas even exceed 75%.
C.The stem of the vine has less resistance to the branches, and can conduct lightning like a lightning rod on a building, allowing most of the current to be conducted from its own stem.
D.A lightning strike of such a large scale and extremely fast speed first destroys the external vine plants, and the trees in the middle are protected

c
A.B, C, D, and P.The five people traveled by high-speed rail, and they were sitting in five seats A.B, C, D, and F in the same row.Known: (1) If one of A or B is sitting in Block C, then C is sitting in Block B; (2) If Peng is sitting in Block C, then D is sitting in Block F.
If Ding sits in Block B, then it is certain that:
A.A sits in Block A
B.B sits in Block D
C.C sits in Block C
D.E sits in Block F

a
In one study, researchers observed the classroom participation of nearly 300 children in grades 2 to 4 during a school year.Participation was measured based on concentration and distraction during the class.The former refers to answering questions.Raise your hands to speak or participate in discussions, the latter refers to gossiping and other behaviors.In the experiment, half of the students stood at the high desk and listened to the lesson, and the other half sat and listened.The results showed that the students who stood and listened to the class were more focused than the students sitting.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Standing requires the brain to balance the body and control slight muscle contractions.These moderate stresses will make people more focused.
B.Sitting for long periods of time will increase the pressure on the spine, which is not good for students' health
C.Even when standing up, some students will move back and forth, affecting class order and distracting others.
D.Many lively students prefer to stand and listen better, while introverted students are willing to sit and listen to the class, which is more conducive to improving their concentration.

b
Australian box jellyfish is one of the most toxic animals in the world, and its toxins can cause skin necrosis of humans with severe pain, and also invade the human heart, causing people to die due to cardiac arrest in a short time.Only box-shaped jellyfish carry enough venom to cause 60 deaths, and there is currently no specific drug for its venom.Recently, researchers discovered through genome-wide screening that a protein called ATP2B1 in human cells is box-shaped Jellyfish venom is necessary for its toxicity, and researchers believe that lowering cholesterol through targeted therapies can combat box venom.
Which of the following can be used as a prerequisite for the above argument?
A.Targeted therapy is a safe and reliable method
B.ATP2B1 protein needs cholesterol to function
C.No side effects on the body after lowering cholesterol
D.Targeted therapies have been developed to lower cholesterol

c
Recently, researchers found that fever can promote the transfer of lymphocytes to the site of infection.They explained that this is because fever increases the expression of heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90) in T lymphocytes, which binds to integrin and promotes T Lymphocytes to adhere to blood vessels and eventually accelerate their migration to the site of infection.
Which of the following can support the above conclusions?
A.Integrin is a cell adhesion molecule that can control T lymphocyte transport during fever
B.Fever can induce the binding of Hsp90 to the tail of integrin and activate integrin
C.Not only fever, but other stress can also induce Hsp90 expression in T lymphocytes
D.Hsp90 combined with integrin can activate signaling pathways that promote T lymphocyte migration

a
Since 2014, more than 230 earthquakes of magnitude 3 and above have occurred in a state, compared with an average of 1 year before 2008.Frequent earthquake activity has raised questions, and some researchers have found that since 2014, To avoid contaminating surface water with toxic wastewater generated during drilling and hydraulic fracturing during oil extraction, the state began to inject this wastewater between the impermeable layers of underground rocks.This behavior is likely to be the key cause of the earthquake.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above speculation?
A.Pouring wastewater into rock water layers will reduce the friction between faults and make it easier to slide, thereby inducing earthquakes
B.The state has explored more oil reserves since 2008, and oil extraction activity has increased significantly
C.The state has fewer earthquakes but large magnitudes before 2008, and more earthquakes but small magnitudes since 2014
D.Most continuous earthquakes are a series of aftershocks that occur after a strong earthquake, but this is not the case for the state earthquake

d
The revocation of a contract refers to the fact that the intention is untrue, and the cancellation of the right to cancel the contract that has entered into force.The contract with a reason for cancellation is called a revocable contract.Such contracts are mostly contracts established due to major misunderstandings.Contracts based on fraud, contracts based on coercion, etc.
Are the following revocable contracts?
A.A and B sign a pledge contract, stipulating that A cannot perform the contractual obligations as scheduled, then B takes ownership of the pledge
B.Fund lending contract between A and B enterprises
C.A evades court enforcement by giving his property to B
D.A needs money urgently for treatment, and B proposes to buy A's precious oil painting at a price nearly five times lower than the market price.

d
Product positioning: Product positioning in management refers to determining the function, quality, price, packaging, sales channels, service methods, etc.of a product (or service) in order to meet the target market.
Based on the above definition, which of the following behaviors does not fall into the category of product positioning in management?
A.Our products will serve school students
B.Taking into account the income status of consumers, our products will be priced at around 1,000 yuan
C.Our services are mainly achieved through on-site repairs
D.Our service will make you enjoy beautifully

d
National civil servant: refers to a person who, on behalf of the country or government, is engaged in the management of public affairs and provides public services.According to the "Civil Servants Law" implemented on January 1, 2006, civil servants in China Staff other than work staff.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following are people who are not in the civil service?
A.Mayor of Beijing
B.County Secretary
C.Minister of Labor of Henan Province
D.Village committee members

d
Industrial structure policy: refers to the policies formulated by the government to promote the adjustment, optimization, and upgrading of the country's industrial structure within a certain period of time.
Based on the above definition, which of the following policies is not an industrial structure policy?
A.Protection and support for the tertiary industry
B.For the processing of agricultural products and products, promote the form of company plus farmers
C.Take "close, stop, and turn" to "five small" industries
D."3C" certification for certain industrial products

c
Invalid civil acts: refer to civil acts that are not legally binding from the beginning.Which of the following civil acts are invalid: (1) performed by a person without capacity for civil conduct; (2) a person who has limited capacity for civil conduct cannot be independent according to law (3) One party used fraud, coercion or threats to make the other party action against the true meaning; (4) malicious collusion that harmed the interests of the country, the collective or a third party; (5) Violation Legal or social public interest; (6) Covering illegal purposes in legal form.
According to the above definition, which of the following is invalid civil acts?
A.After returning to his hometown after graduating from Xiao Wang University, he wants to build his hometown.During the new village committee election, he solemnly exercised his right to vote and be elected, and was elected as the village head.
B.Li Laohan is 85 years old.He was admitted to the hospital suddenly because of a heart attack a few days ago.He has three sons.He was afraid that they would have conflicts after his death.
C.Three girls in a middle school have better musical talents, and their band often wins in various inter-school competitions.A record company verbally pays high fees and confers them with their parents without the consent of their parents.Signed and suspended school
D.A citizen who has lived with his wife for five years finds out that they can no longer continue to live, so they file a divorce with the court

d
Appointment and removal of cadres: refer to state agencies or departments with appointment and removal powers, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, within a certain scope of authority and in accordance with prescribed procedures, appoint cadres to hold certain positions or remove cadres from holding positions.
Which of the following does not belong to the appointment and removal of cadres?
A.Former Public Security Chief Dismissed for Corrupt Law
B.Provincial People's Congress makes the decision to remove Liu Xing
C.After the public examination competition, Xiao Wang was appointed Deputy Director of the Personnel Bureau
D.The Civil Service Law requires that you must have experience in two positions at or above the deputy division level in order to hold the position of director.

c
Legal liability of lawyers: refers to the practice of lawyers, because of intentional or negligent violations of relevant laws and regulations and lawyers' discipline, which harms the lawful rights and interests of the parties, disrupts the normal judicial order, and affects the image of lawyers.Consequences that lead lawyers to assume civil, administrative, and criminal liability in accordance with the law.
Which of the following is not a legal liability of a lawyer?
A.Lawyer loses important evidence and fails to provide evidence
B.Attorney negligently handled the case rashly
C.The judge's sentence was not strict, and the case was wrong
D.When the evidence should be collected, the evidence is obliterated due to the lawyer's failure to collect it in a timely manner

b
Leadership refers to the behavior process of individuals or groups with certain powers and statuses, in order to achieve predetermined organizational goals, guide and influence others or organizations through their own roles, and complete predetermined tasks under certain conditions.
Which of the following is not a leader?
A.During the War of Resistance Against Japan, Mao Zedong and other older proletarian revolutionaries called on the people of the country to unite against Japan.
B.Scientists study biological systems, engineering automation technology, and communication network systems
C.Leading members of the municipal party committee study and formulate policies and guidelines, and organize the mobilization of party members throughout the city to implement them
D.After the organization department has been assessed, it is necessary to determine the candidates for each position and let them take up their posts.

d
There are two types of primroses in the Xishuangbanna Botanical Garden, one is self-pollination, and the other is non-self-pollination, which depends on insect pollination.In recent years, the number of pollinating insects has decreased significantly.In addition, a non-self-pollinating cherry tree Grass produces fewer seeds than self-pollination.Obviously, non-self-pollinated primroses have worse propagation conditions than self-pollinated ones.However, non-self-pollinated primroses are more common in botanical gardens than self-pollinated ones.Primrose.
Which of the following judgments is the least helpful in explaining the above phenomenon?
A.Non-self-pollinating primroses are native plants, while self-pollinating primroses were introduced from abroad a few years ago
B.In previous years, the ratio of non-self-pollinated primrose and self-pollinated primrose in the above-mentioned botanical garden was about 5: 1.
C.When the two types of primroses are mixed, the nutrients in the soil are more easily absorbed by non-self-pollinated primroses, which often leads to the withering of self-pollinated primroses
D.In the above botanical gardens, in order to protect pollinating insects from tourists, non-self-pollinated primroses are mostly planted deep in the garden.

c
Until the 1960s, Stavanger was a quiet and peaceful town in Norway.Since the early 1960s, it has become the center of Norwegian offshore oil exploration; in the process, violent crime and the destruction of public property It has also increased sharply in Stavanger.Obviously, the root cause of these social problems lies in Stavanger's prosperity caused by oil.
Which of the following, if it also occurred in the 1960s to the present, gives the strongest support for the above argument?
A.Residents of Stavanger are not very sorry that their city has become a Norwegian offshore oil exploration center
B.Norwegian sociologists are concerned about the dramatic increase in violent crime and destruction of public property in Stavanger
C.Violent crime and destruction of public property have remained low in many Norwegian towns that have not flourished with oil
D.Non-violent crime, drugs, divorce, increase in Stavanger as much as violent crime and destruction of public property

b
Some species of dolphins use echolocation to find prey: they emit ticking sounds and then receive echoes from distant objects in the water.Marine biologists speculate that these ticks may have another effect: Dolphins use unusually high-frequency ticks The sound overloads the prey's senses, thereby stunning the prey at close range.
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the above speculation?
A.Dolphins use echolocation to find not only long-range prey, but also mid-range prey
B.As a signal to find prey, the ticking sound of the dolphin cannot be sensed by the senses of its prey, only the dolphin can perceive it, so as to locate
C.The high-frequency signal from the dolphin is short-lived, even if it can stun the prey.
D.The sound waves emitted by a bat not only make it find its prey, but this sound wave can form a special stimulus to the prey, thereby helping the bat to capture them

c
Materialist dialectics tells us that we must look at the problem comprehensively, not by partiality; we must look at the problem in a connected way to prevent isolated views; we must look at the problem in a developmental way, and not look at it statically.
Which of the following is incorrect?
A.Seeing the problem is divided into two, both the good and the bad
B.not only see the thing itself, but also its connection to the surroundings
C.Human nature is immutable, and criminals must never be given the opportunity to change
D.Humans must win over cancer

d
Business Ethics Investigator: XYZ Coin Exchange has always misled its customers to say that some of its coins are rare, in fact, those coins are more common and easily available.XYZ Coin Exchange: This is ridiculous, XYZ Coin The exchange is one of the world's largest coin exchanges, and our sales of coins are certified by an internationally certified company and have a license for coin distribution.The answer from the XYZ coin exchange is very unconvincing because of it ...
Which of the following is most appropriate as a successor to the above? ().
A.Deliberately exaggerated the statements of business ethics investigators, making them untrustworthy
B.accused the business ethics investigator of being biased, but could not provide sufficient evidence to support his accusations
C.Failure to verify that other coin exchanges cannot identify the coins they sell
D.Listed the advantages of the XYZ coin exchange, but did not answer the questions of the business ethics investigator

a
The advent of the refrigerator caused the collapse of the ice market.In the past, people used ice to keep food fresh, and now refrigerators have replaced the role of ice.In the same way, due to the results of bioengineering, research on crops that can resist pests will cause what consequences ?
Which of the following is the best answer to the above question?
A.Reduced demand for chemical pesticides
B.Increase seed costs
C.Increase crop yields
D.The declining value of farmland

b
Company S manufactures and sells the same instruments as company J.The wages of employees in company S and company J account for 40% of the production of instruments.Company S is seeking a competitive advantage over company J.Therefore, in order to promote this, S companies should lower their employees' salaries.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above discussion?
A.Because they produce a small number of precision instruments, instrument manufacturers cannot get bulk discounts on raw materials
B.Decreased wages will reduce the quality of employees' work, and this reduction in quality will lead to a decline in sales
C.J company snatched 20% of S company's business last year
The salary paid by D.S companies to its employees is, on average, 10% higher than that of J companies

c
Almost all local state-owned enterprises are the debtors of local professional banks, and most of the loss-making enterprises are linked to the bad debts of local professional banks.It is understandable that creditors object to the debtor's bankruptcy because of the fear that reconciliation will become a dead debt.The motivation of market behavior.However, many places prefer to continue to lend doctoral degrees to long-term loss-making enterprises, and continue to make loans a "dead account".This is due to the fact that Zhongyao enterprises do not go bankrupt and reflect bank performance.The indicator-"loan balance" will not fall.
From this passage, we can know ().
A.There is actually a considerable amount of "dead debt" in the "loan balance" of local professional banks
B.The main reason why local professional banks object to corporate bankruptcy is that they are worried that bad debts will become mutual accounts
C.The bankruptcy of loss-making companies will harm the long-term economic interests of banks
D.Bank accounting interests directly affect the personal interests of bank loan staff

a
A computer sales department promises to customers: "Computers sold by this department will be replaced within one month, repaired free of charge within one year, and onsite service will be free of labor charges within three years, except for failures caused by improper use.
Which of the following is the service that the sales department should provide? ().
A.Someone bought a computer, and after three months, the floppy drive had a problem and asked the sales department to repair it, and the sales department replaced the floppy drive for free
B.The computer lab purchased 30 computers from the sales department and unpacked them after 50 days.During the installation, it was found that one of the monitors could not display color and required replacement.
C.A school purchased 10 computers.Within a month, three of the computer's mice were lost, and the sales department had to make up for them free of charge.
D.Someone bought a computer and the keyboard failed after one year and asked the sales department to replace it with a new keyboard at half price

d
One type of energy is based on the sun's light and heat, and its energy comes directly or indirectly from solar energy.
According to the definition above, which of the following is wrong with the following statement?
A.The sun has a major impact on climate change such as rainfall on the earth.Because rainfall forms rivers and lakes, hydropower is a type of energy based on solar energy
B.Coal is formed by the movement of plants through the crust under long-term high temperature and high pressure.The formation of plants depends on the photosynthesis of sunlight.Therefore, coal is a type of energy based on solar energy
C.The reason for the formation of the tide is mainly the gravitational effect of the moon on the earth.Although the operation of the earth and the moon is restricted by the gravitational pull of the sun, the main source of energy for tidal power generation does not belong to solar energy
D.The abundant element deuterium in seawater is an important raw material for nuclear fusion.Since the water in the ocean comes from the earth's precipitation, it has an important relationship with solar activity.Therefore, nuclear fusion energy is fundamentally based on solar energy Class I energy

c
A semiconductor is a substance that has an electrical conductivity between a metal and an insulator.
According to this definition, which of the following is wrong with the following statement?
A.A solution is not as conductive as a metal and is not an insulator.Therefore, this solution is a semiconductor
B.Dry wooden blocks are non-conductive, and they become conductive when they get wet, but the conductivity is far less than that of aluminum, copper and other metal materials.Some people say that "wet changes wooden blocks from insulators to semiconductors" are wrong.
C.The conductivity of mercury is much less than that of aluminum, copper, iron and other metal materials, so mercury is a semiconductor substance
D.After doping certain element atoms in pure crystalline silicon, it will change from non-conductive to conductive.However, it is easier to conduct electricity in one direction than the other, and its conductivity is greatly affected by external factors such as voltage.These conductive properties are not as good as metals, so silicon is a semiconductor substance

b
Bigamy: refers to the fact that men and women with a spouse who have not completed the divorce procedure and registered the marriage with others, or live together with others without registration, constitute a de facto marriage relationship, and unmarried men and women who know that others have a spouse and marry them.
According to the above definition, is the following behavior a bigamy?
A.A and B voluntarily resumed husband and wife relationship after divorce and cohabited
B.A gets a marriage certificate with unmarried B during the divorce
C.A registers with unmarried B and has a son after divorce
D.A marries B without knowing B is married

b
Indigestion: Abdominal discomfort caused by long-term irregular diet, love of irritating food, or overeating.
Which of the following is not a manifestation of indigestion?
A.Zhao Liang is the company manager.He often has to accompany customers to eat at 8 or 9 o'clock in the evening.Every time when he returns home, it is too late to lie in bed.
B.Xiao Zhang is a white-collar employee of an IT company.He usually works very nervous, stays up late, eats very irregularly, is hungry before going to bed at midnight, and eats high-calorie fast food.
C.Gao Yang, who especially loves Sichuan spicy hot pot, hasn't come to work in recent days.When my colleagues asked about it, Gao Yang met with friends a few days ago, ate a lot of peppers, and had a severe pain in his stomach.
D.Lao Zhou has always been accustomed to drinking strong tea and smoking, and sometimes his stomach has acid reflux.

c
Only when leaders care about the needs of employees, employees can go all out to work."
From this, we can know?
A.After the leaders care about the needs of the employees, the employees will go all out to work
B.Workers don't work hard because their leaders don't care about him
C.Leaders do not care about the needs of employees, and employees will not go all out to work
D.Employees work hard, just because the leader cares about him

b
People often say: "A capable person can save an enterprise." The quality of business operators has a great, sometimes decisive influence on the state of business management.However, which of the following is a high-quality business operator?
which is the author most likely to discuss later in this sentence?
A.Operators must have strong business awareness
B.Operators must be evaluated
C.Operators must be supervised
D.Scientific selection criteria must be established

d
The survey found that pet owners tend to be healthier and more optimistic.
From this, we can draw the following conclusions?
A.Keeping a pet makes you physically and mentally healthy
B.People with physical and mental health have the energy to raise pets
C.Caring for animals makes people more physically and mentally healthy
D.Pet owners are physically and mentally healthy

b
An investigation found that various lawsuits accepted by a district court in the first half of this year have increased significantly compared with the same period last year.
From this, we can draw the following conclusions?
A.People in the area are increasingly fond of litigation
B.People in the region are becoming more aware of the law
C.Social order in the region is less than last year
D.People in this area are under stress and are increasingly prone to anger

c
which is nucleic acid? Nucleic acid and protein are important macromolecules unique to organisms.The nucleic acid is not only the basic component of all biological cells, but also plays a major role in the growth, development, reproduction, inheritance, and mutation of biological organisms.It is divided into two categories, deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) and ribonucleic acid (RNA), and is formed by the phosphate bonds at the 3 and 5 positions of nucleotides.
From this, it can be inferred that the following explanation of "nucleic acid" is incorrect?
A.Nucleic acids are important macromolecules unique to organisms, and are the basic components of all biological cells.
B.Nucleic acids are divided into two major types: DNA and RNA.which are connected by the 3 and 5 phosphate bonds of nucleotides.
C.Nucleic acid is a mixture of nucleotides, nucleosides, and bases
D.Nucleic acid is a substance that dominates major life phenomena of an organism

d
All sunflowers are sunny and this plant is sunny, so this plant is not a sunflower.
The formal structure of the above reasoning is most similar to:
A.All professional sprinters wear spiked shoes.Xiao Li is not a professional sprinter, so Xiao Li does not wear spiked shoes.
B.All taxpayers have deposits, this girl has deposits, so this girl is a taxpayer
C.All bailiffs work in court, and Xiao Wang works in court, so Xiao Wang is a bailiff
D.The shell of all pencils is made of wood, this pen is made of aluminum, so this pen is not a pencil

d
Asking a question is often more important than solving it, because solving a problem may be a mathematical or experimental skill, and asking a new question requires creativity and imagination, and it marks a real advance in science.
According to this:
A.Asking questions is harder than solving them
B.People who are good at asking questions are better at solving problems
C.Progress in science can only be marked by asking questions
D.People who lack creative imagination are not good at asking questions

b
Phenomenologically, humor is a distortion of the general logic of things, but it must be a reflection of conscious rationality.It cannot be separated from human normal thinking and healthy psychology, so humor is a reflection of human health psychology .
Based on the above statement, which of the following conclusions can be derived?
A.The essence of humor is to connect irrelevant things, make them logically confused and produce comedy effects
B.The logic involved in humor is often different from normal logic
C.Humor requires rich imagination
D.Human normal thinking and healthy mentality constitute sufficient conditions for humor

b
The current reforms in China mean the reorganization and innovation of social structure.The marketization of the economy and the democratization of politics are the two wheels of modern society.But the development of democratic politics depends not only on the construction of a democratic system, but also on the basis of democracy The cultural identity of the system.Without this, democratic politics lacks both root causes and operational failures.
Therefore, one of the following conclusions can be drawn:
A.To build democratic politics, we must first build a democratic system
B.The prerequisite for building democratic politics is a democratic political culture
C.Democracy as long as the economy develops
D.Democracy is beneficial to social progress in all circumstances

c
A survey of patients with congenital heart disease in a county in the north showed that most of the patients were born in winter.Experts point out that the cause is likely to be malnutrition of pregnant women who are giving birth, because during the coldest season of the year It is difficult for people to buy fresh food.
Which of the following, if true, can support the conclusions of experts in the topic?
A.A considerable percentage of patients in the survey have a family history of genetic disease
B.Congenital patients account for a small proportion of patients with heart disease
C.Development of cardiovascular areas associated with heart disease, most of which occur one month before delivery
D.The nutritional content of fresh foods and preserved foods has the same effect on cardiovascular development

b
Human rights are the basic rights and freedoms that people enjoy or deserve according to their nature.On the surface, human rights are superficial and transcend national borders, and they are manifested as human rights as a whole, but this is only an ideal.In terms of the reality of human rights, In other words, it is always subject to certain conditions.Like any other right, it "can never exceed the economic structure of society and the development of social culture constrained by economic structure."
Therefore, one of the following conclusions can be drawn:
A.The reality of human rights is its conditionality
B.Absolute interference in human rights issues in other countries
C.The economic structure of a society determines its cultural structure
D.Everyone deserves freedom

d
A company decides to reduce the number of salespersons in order to weather the temporary economic crisis.The company's board of directors plans to fire the less efficient salespersons first, instead of simply deciding which ones to fire based on the number of salespersons.
Which of the following is a prerequisite for the company's board of directors to make this decision?
A.The remuneration of the salesman is determined by the amount of business
B.The salesperson with the most business experience is the best salesperson
C.One salesperson will not be as efficient as another salesperson
D.The board of directors has a method to determine the efficiency of the salesman more accurately

a
The output of grape vineyards in Xinjiang has increased year by year, and the oversupply of grapes has led to a decline in prices.If there is no restriction on the cultivation of grapes in grape vineyards, the prices of grapes will fall further.In order to increase grape prices, the grapevines will be idle and given to these farmers Provide direct compensation.The compensation for each estate has a clear ceiling.If the government's plan is successfully implemented, it will not cause a net burden on the finances.
Which of the following, if correct, is the best basis for explaining its cause?
A.If the price of grapes rises, the government can earn income by taxing the profits of the estate
B.The government used the same plan 5 years ago and it worked well
C.The government requires that farmers who receive compensation cannot use the grape fields that have been withdrawn to grow other crops.
D.Compensation for idle vineyards accounts for only a small part of the benefits from growing grapes

c
In 005, Shanghai invited the Manchester United Club of England to come to Shanghai for a friendly match.In just one day, the organizer's total box office income reached 8 million yuan.This time, Shanghai invited the Real Madrid club of Spain for a friendly match, plus in the stadium For various interactive activities with fans in the event, the organizer is planning to earn a box office income of 10 million yuan in 2 days.
Which of the following assumptions is most likely implied by the above inference?
A.This event lasts for two days and doubles the time last time, which can attract more fans
B.Many people in Shanghai missed the Manchester United game, this time they can be compensated
C.Fans ’love of these two clubs, expected attendance, fares, etc.are very similar
D.This time the organizer launched an interactive event with more fans to participate

b
Which of the following is a view expressed by a Western economist: If a country can operate its economy efficiently, it must be able to create wealth and become rich; and if such a country wants to maintain political stability, the wealth it creates must be just Distribution; and the fair distribution of wealth will end economic risks; however, the existence of risks is an indispensable prerequisite for the efficient operation of the economy.
From the above point of view of this economist, which of the following conclusions can be drawn?
A.Impossible coexistence of political stability and economic wealth in a country
B.Political stability and economic efficiency of a country cannot coexist
C.The economic operations of a rich country must be efficient
D.In a country with inefficient economic operations, wealth must be fairly distributed

a
Commission: The social material rewards obtained by providing intermediary services for others through their independent labor.
Which of the following are commissions:
A.Xiao Li founded a headhunting company to introduce talents for employers, and charges service fees to employers based on a 30% annual salary of the talents they have introduced.
B.Wang Feng is the chairman of the listed company, with an annual salary of 2 million yuan last year
C.Aunt Li used her savings for many years to buy a set of houses along the street to rent to others for rent.The monthly rent is 5,000 yuan.
D.It is verified that the work of the sales manager is very well received by customers.Last month, the boss of the company customer Liu personally sent a red envelope of 10,000 yuan.

d
Auction: The act of the client entrusting the item to a specialized agency for auction, and the specialized agency gets paid after completing the entrustment obligation.
Which of the following are auctions:
A.The late Qing dynasty porcelain collected by Pharaoh was deposited with Lao, who opened an antique shop, and asked him to find a good price to sell it.
B.Auctioneer Lin Qing accompanied his friend Liu Feng to the second-hand housing transaction market and sold Liu Feng's villa at a high price.Liu Feng offered 5,000 yuan as a reward.
C.Jincheng Auction Company accepted a company's request to buy an 80% new Santana sedan for business staff to travel
D.The court convicted Wang of guilty of embezzlement and bribery, sentenced to 10 years in prison, confiscated his illegal property, designated an auction company to auction, and the proceeds were turned over to the treasury

b
Competence: The key characteristics of the knowledge, skills, abilities, attitude, motivation, etc.that employees possess and reflect in the work situation to complete the work.
Which of the following behaviors manifested as competence are:
A.Xiao Zhang invited the leader and colleagues to come to dinner, personally cooked a few "household dishes", and everyone praised them.
B.Just after New Year's Day, Xiao Li asked her uncle to say hello to the customer, signed a big order for the company, and started a "big start"
C.Xiao Wang, who is still in the trial period, took a full week to sort out the list of qualified suppliers and the real quotation.
D.Last month, Xiao Zhou's team was also evaluated as an excellent team in the entire factory assessment.

c
Open village affairs: The rural grassroots self-governing organizations take appropriate measures to publicize the village's public affairs information to the villagers in accordance with the law, and accept the supervision of the masses.
Which of the following acts that are not open to village affairs are:
A.Before the Spring Festival, the village committee director notified the government that the relief funds and materials had arrived through the village radio.
B.The village bulletin board announces the use of village committee office entertainment on time every quarter
C.Cadres sent by township party committees solicit party members' opinions on the election of village party branches
D.Village committee documents call migrant workers one by one to report the progress of the village-run kindergarten project they funded

b
Peak experience: In the process of pursuing self-realization, after pursuing and satisfying basic needs, a kind of psychological satisfaction and sense of accomplishment that transcends time and space and self is reflected in the pursuit of self-realization.
Which of the following are not part of the peak experience:
A.The excitement of the athlete when he finally reached the championship podium after hard work
B.The heroic mood of the audience in front of the TV when they saw the rocket made by China traveling in space
C.The cheerful mood of scientists after removing difficulties and solving major scientific research problems
D.The joyful mood of "Ten years of hard reading, today's gold list title"

d
Butler is a wild mushroom that grows under host trees that provide it with the sugar it needs, such as Douglas fir.In turn, Butler's underground rhizome filaments can break down these sugars and provide their hosts with Nutrient and moisture.It is because of this reciprocal relationship that the pickle growing under the cut Douglas fir will cause serious damage to this tree.
Which of the following judgments, if correct, raises the strongest doubt about the above conclusions?
A.Douglas fir is not a precious rare tree
B.Butler grows not only under Douglas fir trees, but also under other host trees
C.Other wild mushrooms also grow under Douglas fir trees, and have similar characteristics to Butler
D.The harvest of wild mushrooms has stimulated its growth

b
Only some people can have both virtues.Some people have "morality" but lack "talent", while others have "talent" but no "morality".Although the former does not contribute much to society, it does not harm society; The greater the "capacity", the greater the harm to society.
This shows:
A.The bigger the "talent", the less "de"
B.The smaller the "talent" of some people, the better for society
C.The size of "talent" does not affect how much people contribute to society
D.More people should have both morals and talent

c
During the Spring Festival, the School Security Office plans to provide all students who do not return home during the Spring Festival with the opportunity to work and study, on the one hand, to alleviate the pressure of insufficient personnel in the Security Office during the Spring Festival; on the other hand, they want to ease the economic pressure for these poor college students.
Which of the following does not question this plan of the Department:
A.Students who do not go home during the Spring Festival are not necessarily financially difficult students
B.School public security tasks are difficult during the Spring Festival
C.The security department has limited funds, and there are more students who do not return home during the Spring Festival
D.Most students who do not go home are enrolled in winter vacation English classes

a
According to the TV rating survey, there are more young people than middle-aged and elderly people watching sports programs.
It follows from this:
A.Sports programs may be more suited to the interests of young people
B.Sports are a sport for exclusive youth
C.Middle-aged and elderly people do not like sports programs
D.Young people are better at sports than middle-aged people

d
There is a limestone cave near the city of Naples in Italy.People brought large animals such as cattle and horses through the cave without problems, but small animals such as cats and mice fell into the cave and died.Later, after inspection, it was found that the small animals died.Related to inhaling large amounts of carbon dioxide.
From this, it can be inferred:
A.Severe hypoxia in the limestone cave
B.Large animals are more adaptable to hypoxic environments
C.Both man and cow are equipped with oxygen equipment
D.Carbon dioxide is deposited on the ground inside the limestone cave

d
A toxin produced by a marine snail contains a variety of proteins, and injecting one of them into a mouse will put two-week-old or younger mice to sleep, leaving older mice in hiding.When a serious threat occurs, the response of the very small rats is to stay asleep, while the larger rats escape.
Which of the following hypotheses is most strongly supported by the facts stated above?
A.Very small mice are likely to be as vulnerable to sudden and serious threats as larger mice
B.The main function of the protein contained in the snail toxin injected into the mouse body is to protect the snail by inducing the snail to completely rest
C.Adult mice can also fall asleep if injected in large doses
D.The rat's response to a sudden and serious threat is stimulated by a chemical produced in the body, which is similar to the protein injected into the mouse

a
Necessary conditions: When one thing condition M does not exist, the other thing condition N must not exist, then the former (M) is a necessary condition for the latter (N).
According to this definition, in the following, which of the following is the necessary condition relationship between M and N?
A.A number is divisible by 2 (M), and the number is even (N)
B.A major safety responsibility accident (M) occurred, and casualties (N)
C.Good family education (M), child success (N)
D.A country is rich in natural resources (M) and its economy is developed (N)

a
Motto: The aphorism that originally was written on the side of the seat to motivate, alert, and restrain one's behavior.Later, one or a few aphorisms that impress a person in mind or often remind themselves are also called motto.
According to the above definition, which of the following statements is not suitable for use as a motto?
A.If the sky is old and the sky is old, the right path on earth its vicissitudes
B.Worry and worry before the world, joy, and happiness after the world
C.Good words, three warm winters, bad words hurt June cold
D.Hengmei's cold finger on the thousand husbands, bowing his head as a bullock

d
Resource integration: A series of measures to optimize the allocation and comprehensive utilization of various resources by market entities in order to achieve specific purposes.
Which of the following are not resources integration?
A.Aunt Li will transform and renovate the houses along the street.Neighbor Wang Bo contributed the money and opened a convenience supermarket in partnership.
B.A textile factory and a real estate company have agreed to demolish the entire urban factory building, build a new residential area, set up a property company, and resettle their employees for employment
C.A coal investment, local villagers contributed to transforming the subsidence area into a water park
D.An enterprise sells idle equipment and inventory materials, and the proceeds are used to buy stocks, and the returns are high.

a
Flexible management: The organization takes people as the center and flexibly implements various management methods.It can produce good management effects by affecting people's psychology.
which is the following flexible management?
A.Zhang Li's 7-year-old child has a cold and fever and is left unattended at home.
B.An organization organized a study trip to study abroad, and went to visit Dini Paradise for a day.
C.The director of the office is responsible for attendance.No matter who delays the attendance, the attendance records are qualified and the colleagues get along well.
D.The new employee Xiao Wang failed the probationary training exam.

b
The phenomenon of legal ethics: Many people think that ethical behavior will not violate the law, but in reality, certain behaviors that conform to general moral principles are prohibited by law.
Which of the following is not a "legal anti-moral phenomenon"?
A.A nurse, out of sympathy, responded to an advanced cancer patient's own request to assist him in euthanasia to relieve his unbearable pain, and was subsequently charged with murder.
B.A Jia spent 10,000 yuan to buy a boy as a child from a trafficker.It was regarded as his own, and he showed great care.When the police came to "rescue" two years later, the child was reluctant to leave the current "parents."
C.In order to solve the difficulty for migrant workers' children to go to school, B set up a low-cost primary school and was accused of illegally running a school.Many children were again out of school.
D.After he was released from prison and returned to his hometown, he threatened to retaliate against the "enemies" and prepared a murder weapon.After his father dissuaded him from invalidating him, he was bound and held at home for three months in order to prevent him from committing a crime.

c
The mountain scenery after the rain is beautiful, even if no one appreciates it.
The above text is a refutation of which of the following?
A.Beauty is superficial
B.The taste is uncountable
C.Beauty is only in human eyes
D.People just want to see what they like

b
Insomnia or poor sleep quality can seriously affect people's physical and mental health.The survey found that many people with poor sleep have the habit of drinking coffee before going to bed.Therefore, drinking coffee can help improve sleep quality.It is an auxiliary means for treating insomnia.
Which of the following is true and the conclusion to the question is the most powerful refutation?
A.Coffee has a good sleeping effect
B.There is evidence that coffee has a refreshing effect, which is likely to cause them to sleep poorly
C.Coffee is a favorite drink
D.Coffee aids in the treatment of insomnia, will have serious side effects

a
A retired teacher said, "The teacher likes the student with the best grades, and I do the same.Now when I look back on more than 30 years of a teaching career, I find that a student's performance is not equal to his future career success.Some of the students did very well when they were studying, and some of them succeeded in their careers later, but none of the students with the best results in that year later succeeded in their careers."
If what the teacher said is true, which of the following must also be true?
A.The teacher's favorite student was not very successful in his career.
B.Some of the students who were very successful in their careers were some of the teachers' least favorite
C.Of the teacher's students, the worst grade in the year was not successful in their careers.
D.Any teacher's favorite student will not be successful in his career after graduation

d
Because chemical fiber is artificially synthesized from petroleum and other raw materials, the production of chemical fiber will produce many pollutants, it will use a lot of energy and water, and the chemical fiber garbage will degrade slowly in the natural environment.Chemical fiber is more environmentally friendly.
Which of the following, if true, would pose the strongest doubt about the above view?
A.The latest chemical fiber has no obvious difference from pure cotton fabrics in appearance, feel, and moisture absorption.
B.Scientists are studying new ways to recycle, utilize, and dispose of chemical fiber waste
C.The price of cotton fabrics is relatively high, and the working class and farmers, who account for the majority of the population, cannot afford to wear them.
D.Cotton is the most used agricultural crop, and 25% of the world's pesticides are used for cotton cultivation

b
A.B, C, D, and E live in houses 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the same community.It is now known that: ① A and B are not neighbors.② The room number of B is smaller than D.③ The room number of C's house is an even number.④The room number of A is 3 larger than that of Wu.
According to the above conditions, which of the following is the room number where Ding lives?
A.2
B.3
C.4
D.5

c
Under the conditions of a market economy, the operators of each commodity production are independent economic entities and have full autonomy.Therefore, it is up to them to decide what they produce and how they produce.
Which of the following would weaken the above conclusion most?
A.The operators of commodity production are independent economic entities, which means that they decide their own destiny.
B.Commodity producers and operators enjoy full autonomy.This means that they decide what to produce.
C.Commodity production operators must understand market conditions and consumer needs in order to produce marketable products
D.Although the operators of each commodity production are independent economic entities, they must also take into account the interests of others in their operations.

c
A driver violated the regulations, the police said: "I will either deduct a license or fine you." The driver said, "I don't agree."
So, according to the driver, which of the following must he agree to?
A.Deduction of license without penalty
B.fines but no deductions
C.If you can achieve neither a license nor a fine, then both a license and a fine
D.Admit your mistakes and stop breaking the rules next time

b
To make a thorough understanding of social phenomena and to explore the laws, we must enter the real society to find information, and we must not think about it in a vacuum.We must understand the causality of things and establish relevant theories.For theoretical use.
Can it be launched from this?
A.People engaged in social research must also be engaged in practical work
B.To engage in social research, you must collect information from actual work
C.Social research based on substantive data is not theoretical
D.Social research only needs substantive information

d
At present, there are still a few things to do in order for bioprocesses food systems to become a reality.First, the tissues of vegetables and fruits must be cultivated in the medium, and the output must be expanded to meet the needs of the market.Large quantities must be produced economically.It is necessary to develop cheap raw materials and use the basic nutrients in them for mass production.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Developing cheap ingredients is key to bioprocessed food systems
B.Vegetable or fruit tissues can now be cultured in the medium
C.Expansion of production as long as cheap raw materials are available
D.Current raw materials are too expensive

c
ZTE Group wants to recruit 20 middle-level management personnel.The people who are most unlikely to be recruited are those with a college degree or below or have no management work experience at all.People who know English or Japanese are more likely to be hired.
If the above assertion is true, which of the following job candidates is most likely to be selected?
A.Mr.Zhang is a 40-year-old secondary school graduate.After graduation, he attended the School of Economics and Management of Jinghua University for half a year.He recently resigned as the lobby manager of Huating Hotel for 5 years.
B.Ms.Wang is an associate professor in the School of Economics and Management, a master's degree, published a management monograph, and once worked as a public relations trainee manager in a shopping mall.
C.Ms.Liu was a full-time undergraduate in 2000 at the School of Foreign Languages.After graduating, she worked as a foreign guide for half a year.She has been a full-time translator for nearly two years and is fluent in English and Japanese.
D.Old Sun was once the president of the well-known Southbound Group.He was once known as a legendary entrepreneur with no education, no background, and started from scratch.Because of the collapse of the Southbound Group, he had to do it.

c
Continuing education: It refers to non-academic education for professional and technical personnel for the purpose of updating, supplementing, broadening professional knowledge and training, and improving business capabilities.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are continuing education:
A.Many rural middle school teachers have obtained undergraduate diplomas through correspondence education
B.Colleges and universities have obtained professors, associate professors, and teachers for doctoral degrees
C.To adapt elementary school teachers to the new curriculum standards, the Education Bureau conducts summer training for three consecutive years
D.Various forms of vocational training organized by the Labor Bureau to help laid-off workers achieve reemployment

c
Administrative mediation: refers to under the auspices of the state administrative agency, based on the willingness of both parties to the parties, based on national laws, regulations, and policies, and on the principle of voluntariness, through persuasion and persuasion of the parties to the dispute, to promote mutual concession and mutual understanding between the parties, Activities to negotiate on an equal footing and reach an agreement to resolve related disputes and reach a settlement agreement.
Which of the following are administrative mediation actions:
A.Neighborhood committees mediate neighborhood disputes within their jurisdiction
B.Consumer associations under the administration of industry and commerce mediate consumer disputes
C.The traffic police team determines the responsibility for the vehicle collision accident and proposes mediation opinions
D.A city's economic arbitration commission mediates economic contract disputes between enterprises

a
Internet addiction: refers to a type of mental behavior disorder caused by an individual's repeated excessive use of the Internet, which is manifested by a strong desire to use the Internet, sudden cessation or reduced use of irritability, inattention, sleep disturbance, etc.
Which of the following behavioral symptoms of Internet addiction are:
A.After Li Xiaobing's college entrance examination, his parents stopped questioning the Internet, and he felt mental as long as he was not online.
B.Student Zhang works diligently and works as an administrator for an Internet cafe.He spends all his spare time in Internet cafes and often lacks sleep.
C.The sales manager of a company spends all day online, contacting customers, processing orders, and the pressure of work makes him a little irritable
D.Several students of e-commerce majors from a vocational and technical college opened an e-shopping website in partnership.The business was hot and there was almost no time to go offline.The teacher said that they had snacks in class.

c
Intellectual property protection: Intellectual property rights are formed by the right holder through creative labor, or legally acquired property rights with intellectual, spiritual value, and practical economic benefits.Intellectual property protection is an individual or organization that legally has knowledge of the actual economic benefits Act to protect property rights and protect the legitimate rights and interests of intellectual property rights.
Which of the following are not the acts of intellectual property protection:
A.Private technology companies enter into trade secret protection agreement with confidential employees
B.Teacher Zhao of the Institute of Light Industry has long been engaged in technology research and development and has obtained a number of invention patents
C.Model contest champion Li Yan believes that the sponsor's unauthorized use of his photos for cosmetic advertising without his consent constitutes an infringement and has been brought to court
D.Individual business owner Lee carefully researched and produced "one stroke fresh" condiment, which was welcomed by consumers and was preparing to apply for a registered trademark

d
Building economy: refers to an economic form that takes commercial, commercial, and commercial buildings as the carrier.It develops, rents outbuildings, attracts investment, and introduces various types of enterprises to develop tax sources and drive regional economic development.
Which of the following phenomena belong to the building economy:
A.A city government plans to build Binhu New District, and a large number of high-rise residences stand up.
B.In order to save construction land, a county government will demolish all the bungalows in the compound and build several multi-story office buildings.
C.The real estate company's newly developed real estate, the houses along the street are commercial and residential buildings, and the ground floor is used as the operating facade to provide convenient services.
D.A city general chamber of commerce invests in the construction of office buildings.Except for some self-use, they are rented and sold from member companies.The surrounding banks, hotels, and shopping malls are dotted with each other, forming a "new business circle"

d
Being rich doesn't mean happiness.A survey with a wide coverage shows that only one-third of those who think they are rich feel they are happy.
For the above argument to be true, which of the following must be true?
A.More than one-third of those surveyed who did not consider themselves wealthy felt that they were happy
B.Of the respondents who think they are rich, the remaining two-thirds feel unhappy
C.Many people who think they are rich are actually not rich
D.The criterion of happiness is the self-perception of the parties

a
The problems that Venice faces are of typical significance.On the one hand, in order to solve the employment of citizens and increase the economic strength of the city, it must retain and develop its traditional industries, which is the basis of economic development that tourism cannot replace.On the other hand, in order to To protect its unique ecological environment, industrial pollution must be eliminated, but the development of the industry will inevitably lead to industrial pollution.
Which of the following conclusions can be reached?
A.Venice will inevitably face stagnation in economic development or damage to the ecological environment
B.The correct decision of the City of Venice should be to stop the development of the industry to protect the ecological environment
C.The quality of life of the citizens of Venice depends only on the economic and ecological environment
D.If the ecological environment of Venice is destroyed one day, this must be the price it pays for economic development

d
Professor Zhang is a member of the Academic Ethics and Academic Integrity Committee, so online criticism of his academic misconduct cannot be true.
Which of the following is true if it is true?
A.The members of the committee are scrutinized before they are selected
B.Remarks on the Internet are unreliable, and critical posts have no real name
C.No one on this committee has been accused of academic misconduct
D.Any member of the Academic Ethics and Academic Integrity Committee will not commit academic misconduct

a
The more cholesterol and fat a person ingests from his diet, the higher his serum cholesterol index.There is a limit within which the two are directly proportional.Beyond this limit, even if the cholesterol and fat intake With a sharp increase, the serum cholesterol index will only increase slowly.This limit is the same for all races, about European average cholesterol and fat intake.
Which of the following options is available:
A.China's per capita cholesterol and fat intake are European, but China's per capita serum cholesterol index may not be equal to that of Europeans
B.If the intake of cholesterol and fat is controlled within the above limits, the normal serum cholesterol index can be ensured
C.The above limits can be reduced by reducing cholesterol and fat intake
D.Europeans have serum cholesterol levels above normal

c
With the development of China's economy, the entry of private cars into families is no longer a distant dream for the Chinese.However, with the increasing number of private cars, the already severe traffic tension will be exacerbated.Therefore, China's transportation problems will ultimately limit the development of private cars.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above view?
A.Develop transportation first, and then the car industry
B.The increase in private cars is not the main cause of increased traffic tensions
C.As cars enter the home, it will inevitably lead to the development of China's transportation.There is always a car first and then a road.
D.In China with a large population and underdeveloped transportation, it is impractical to develop a private car

c
The number of people found to have violated academic norms in their graduation thesis in a certain university has increased significantly in the past 10 years, which indicates that the quality of contemporary college students in academic ethics is getting worse.
Which of the following, if true, would significantly weaken the above conclusion?
A.The power of the Internet has brought great convenience to academic misconduct
B.Colleges and universities do not educate college students on academic ethics
C.The number of undergraduate graduates has increased significantly in the past 10 years
D.Graduation thesis of 30 undergraduates is still rated as the provincial excellent thesis

c
In the driving qualification test, the pile test is a highly demanding test.In the previous tests of various driving schools in Nanya City, some examiners violated work discipline, and some examiners were not responsible and were more random These are the issues where the opinions of trainees are relatively concentrated.Starting from January 1, this year, each driving school test venue has installed a pile tester on the piles on the site.Computer operation improves science.
Which of the following, if true, would most strongly doubt the function of this instrument?
A.Machines are invented by humans, and they are ultimately operated by humans, so there is still a great need to prevent the examiner's favor in law enforcement
B.The test instrument is strict in the discipline of examinations, but it will also cause some students to object, because it will be difficult to trust the relationship and go through the back door.
C.The results of machine measurement are printed directly by the computer, and the problem of randomness can be completely eliminated
D.The field driving test should also include a check on whether the student's operation in the cab is normal

a
A company recruited four people from A.B, and B to attend the interview.After the interview, the four predicted the results as follows: A said: "The four of us can enter the company." Neither B nor I can join the company "; Ding said," No one can join the company ".
The results showed that only two people's predictions were correct, and the two were:
A.A and C
B.B and D
C.B and C
D.C and D

c
The problem facing a developing country is that to maintain its economic development, it is necessary to continuously strengthen the competitiveness of domestic enterprises; to maintain social stability, it is necessary to continuously establish and improve social security systems such as pensions, medical care, and unemployment.The security system requires the company to pay a certain percentage of social insurance premiums for its employees each year.If the company pays such a percentage of social insurance premiums for its employees each year, it will reduce the competitiveness of the enterprise.
Which of the following conclusions can be derived from the above statement?
A.This country cannot maintain its economic development or its social stability
B.This country can either maintain its economic development or it can maintain its social stability
C.If you reduce the proportion of social insurance premiums paid by employees each year, you can maintain the competitiveness of the enterprise
D.The economic development of this country will be affected to some extent

c
Hypersensitivity refers to pathological immune responses such as dysfunction and tissue damage caused by continuous stimulation by a specific antigen or restimulation by the same antigen.
According to the definition above, which of the following is options that are not hypersensitivity?
A.Once bitten by a snake, ten years afraid of ropes
B.Although a certain drug is very effective in treating gastrointestinal diseases, some patients experience dry mouth and palpitations after taking it
C.A hypothyroidism occurs in a whole-body after a long-term use of hormones
D.After a penicillin skin test, a patient has enlarged lymph nodes

a
Reflection theory refers to the principle of epistemology that insists that the essence of knowledge is the reflection of the human brain on the objective world, that is, the idea is a theory that reflects existence.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not a reflection theory?
A."Being is being perceived"
B."From things to feelings and thoughts"
C."Everyone knows the nature of man, and the truth of things"
D."There is no respondent without a respondent"

d
Harmonious economics refers to the study of the structure and function of a socio-economic system, and the purpose of improving the function of this system, productivity, is to see the coordination and sustainable development between man and nature.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is behaviors for developing a harmonious economy?
A.A state-level impoverished county has decided to build a mine to mine a rare metal.The reason is that although more than 200 acres of woods must be cut down, a small mountain stream reservoir must be discarded, which affects more than 1,000 people and 2,000 acres of drinking water Land irrigation, but after the mine is completed, it will be of great significance to the development of the county's economy
B.In order to complete a customer order within a specified time, an enterprise requires workers to work overtime for 5 to 6 hours a day for five consecutive days.Although the workers are tired, they are satisfied with the overtime pay.
C.There are more than 100 large and small gold mines in a city.Although most enterprises have aging equipment and their beneficiation technology is backward, the city has decided to continue to develop gold mining, because the city's financial revenue mainly comes from gold
D.When reviewing foreign investment in a city, it was found that a large chemical company had outdated equipment, high energy consumption, and a backward wastewater treatment system, so it decided to stop introducing the enterprise.

d
Vocational training refers to the training and training of the vocational knowledge and practical skills of the person being trained according to the requirements of different professional positions.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following for vocational training?
A.A community conducted a concentrated education on the released personnel of "two labors" (labor reform, reeducation through labor) in this district.
B.A training institution held a pre-exam training class for students who intend to participate in this year's broadcast host professional college entrance examination
C.An enterprise educates new employees this year on "I and the company share the same shame" education
D.A city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau plans to hold a computer training course and a second housekeeping training course in the first half of the year.

c
External diseconomy refers to the phenomenon that the daily production or life of an enterprise or individual is adversely affected due to the activities of other enterprises or individuals, but the corresponding compensation cannot be obtained from the enterprises and individuals that cause these effects.
Based on this judgment, which of the following options are externally uneconomical?
A.A new invention of Zhang is used by others, and the user has not paid him a usage fee
B.Residents in the upper reaches of the Yellow River planted a lot of grass and trees, and they improved the water quality of the downstream residents while harvesting the timber themselves, but they did not charge any fees to the downstream residents
C.The paper mill in the upper reaches of the Huaihe River directly discharged sewage to the Huaihe River, which caused a large reduction in crops on both sides of the river.The paper mill did not compensate the affected farmers.
D.After an enterprise's production scale expands, with a substantial increase in the number of products, the production cost has not only decreased but has increased, but this rising cost cannot be compensated.

a
Financing refers to the means of currency transactions used to pay for purchases in excess of cash, or the means of currency used to raise funds to obtain assets.
According to the definition above, which of the following is options that are not financing?
A.In order to facilitate commuting to work, Xiao Zhang took out his 80,000 yuan savings and asked his parents to borrow 30,000 yuan to buy a car.
B.A unit intends to use an unused piece of land to settle employee accommodation, but it still lacks 30 million funds.Some people have proposed to borrow money from employees and pay it in installments for repayment in installments.
C.A company intends to launch a new product developed by Ma Gang to loan to the bank
D.Mr.Zhang intends to settle down a restaurant, but the money is not enough to find a friend.Mr.Li borrowed 500,000 yuan and agreed to pay off all the interest and interest within two years.

b
Symbiotic marketing refers to a marketing strategy for the purpose of reducing costs, improving efficiency, and enhancing market competitiveness by two or more companies sharing resources in marketing.
According to the above definition, which of the following is symbiotic marketing?
A.Enterprise A and Enterprise B decide to integrate resources and establish an enterprise group
B.A.B, and C three small home appliance companies decided to establish a market consumption information sharing mechanism, and regularly notified and coordinated the variety, quality and price positioning of their respective small home appliances.
C.A logistics company transports the goods from A to B, and then from B to A.and does not empty back and forth, which improves the company's efficiency.
D.A shopping mall sells products of both company A and company B

a
Asymmetric information refers to information that some actors have that other actors do not.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following asymmetric information?
A.A company releases information to recruit a department manager, requiring a male, not more than 30 years old, to be accepted after passing the assessment interview.Candidate A.B passes all the way through the final round of screening, and when determining who wins last, B defendant In other words, it is not accepted because it is not a city account.
B.A unit convened a meeting on the first day of work after the Spring Festival, stipulating that employees must not play games at work.One month later, Xiao Li was dealt with in violation of the rules.Xiao Li argued that the unit had previously requested and did not make similar requests in the future.
C.A city posted news of recruiting 50 civil servants on major media in this city.Zhang said that he has been abroad recently and did not know the news, so he missed the registration time.
D.A TV shopping channel teamed up with building materials merchants to carry out group purchase promotions.Xiao Li said he didn't know

c
Refraction of light is an optical phenomenon, which refers to the phenomenon that the direction of the light is deflected when it is obliquely incident from one medium into another medium or propagates in the same heterogeneous medium.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is which does not belong to the refraction of light?
A.Mirages often appear on a seaside
B.The fish swims in the clear water and can be seen clearly.However, using a harpoon to fork it in the direction you see the fish, it can't fork
C.The sun shines on the mirror, and then shines on the student's face from the mirror, the student will feel dazzling
D.When you stand on the shore and see the crystal clear, bottomless water that is not waist-deep, don't rush it, because the actual water depth is much deeper than what you see

b
Educational balance refers to ensuring that citizens or future citizens have equal educational rights and obligations through laws and regulations, providing relatively equal educational opportunities and conditions through policy formulation and adjustment, and resource allocation.Methods to achieve a relatively balanced educational effect and chance of success.
According to the above definition, which of the following is behaviors that do not belong to the implementation of educational equilibrium?
A.The Education Bureau of a certain city stipulates that the primary and secondary school teachers, outstanding backbone teachers and general teachers in the suburbs and downtown areas should implement regular rotation.
B.A school requires that all teachers must publish a dissertation every year, otherwise, the next year's assessment will be deemed unqualified and the school will not be hired
C.A city has decided not to implement the "supporting and supporting" policy for funding allocation, but rather to favor schools with poor hardware conditions, and strive to basically balance the hardware conditions for running schools in this city within three years
D.A city issued a notice that from this semester, the difference between key primary and secondary schools will be cancelled, and all students will enter the nearest school.

c
A product is slow-selling because of poor quality, or because the price is too high, or because the advertising promotion has not been done well; after analysis, the product is of good quality.
So?
A.The product is unsaleable because the price is too high
B.The product is unsaleable because the advertising promotion is not done well
C.The product is unsaleable either because the price is too high or because the advertising promotion is not done well
D.The product is slow-selling or neither because the price is too high nor because the advertising promotion is not done well

b
If your house is a new building after 2006, it will have external insulation.
visible?
A.Only new buildings built after 2006 will have exterior wall insulation
B.All new buildings built after 2006 have exterior wall insulation
C.Some buildings newly built before 2006 also have external wall insulation
D.All new buildings built before 2006 do not have external thermal insulation

b
If all birds can fly and penguins are birds, then penguins can fly.
Starting from this premise, which of the following premise needs to be added to logically conclude that "some birds cannot fly"?
A.Some birds can fly and penguins are birds
B.Penguins don't fly, and penguins are birds
C.Penguins can't fly, but all birds can fly
D.Penguins don't fly, and penguins are not birds

c
When a child has a cold, the mucus in the nose and throat is caused by a cold virus.Dairy products just stick to the eyes of the throat, which makes people feel a little uncomfortable.When the child has a cold, he can continue to provide milk or other dairy products .
From this?
A.Consuming dairy products can alleviate the discomfort caused by colds in children
B.Children cannot eat dairy products when they have a cold
C.Discomfort, when a child has a cold, has nothing to do with eating dairy products
D.Consuming dairy products will increase mucus production in the throat

a
A.B, and C friends went to the car show and saw a car.A said: "This is not 'Chery' or 'Roewe'." B said: "This is not 'Chery', but 'Red Flag'." C said: "This is not 'Red Flag', but 'Chery'." Later, the auto show administrator said: "One of the three people made both judgments correctly; the other person made both judgments wrong; the third person's Two judgments are one to one wrong."
Can we know from this?
A.This car is a Chery sedan
B.This car is a Roewe sedan
C.This car is a red flag car
D.None of the three cars above

b
A doctoral supervisor said: Now that the doctoral dissertation, the sentences are getting more and more difficult to understand, the Ph.D.thesis entrusted to me by the current students are written very poorly, the sentences are incomprehensible, and there are many typos.
Which of the following options will most weaken the argument of this college mentor? ?
A.The above argument does not prove that the doctoral supervisor can judge the writing level of doctoral students
B.Whether the student level of this doctoral supervisor can represent the level of all doctoral students needs to be confirmed
C.The argument above does not exclude the possibility that the doctoral supervisor is not a good teacher
D.Negative arguments are not provided in the discussion above

b
A company recruits the general manager secretary, Cheng Qiang, Zhu Li, Li Ping, Xue Fang to apply for the job.The company's required employment conditions are: ① master's degree, ② proficient in spoken English, ③ secretarial work more than two years Experience.Now known: (1) One of Cheng Qiang and Julie has only attended undergraduate.(2) Julie and Xue Fang have the same final education.(3) Li Ping and Xue Fang have similar English conversation skills.(4) Each person meets at least one condition, three meet the conditions①, two meet the conditions②, one meets the conditions③.After evaluation, one of the four meets the requirements and is accepted.
Who is this person?
A.Cheng Qiang
B.Julie
C.Li Ping
D.Xue Fang

d
American scientist Taylor has 10 new ideas almost every day, and 9 and a half of them are wrong, but he doesn't care, and is still tirelessly carrying out scientific research."Half a pair of new ideas every day" have accumulated and Taylor has gained Great success, became the world-famous "Father of Hydrogen Bomb".
therefore?
A.Making mistakes makes mistakes
B.90% of new ideas are always wrong
C.Americans don't care about mistakes
D.Taylor is a creative person

d
Science is not a religion.Religion all believes, so it is not scientific to believe.
Which of the following can best explain the reasoning above?
A.Criminal acts are all illegal acts, and illegal acts should be condemned by society, so acts that should be condemned by society are all criminal acts.
B.Goods have use-value, of course, sunlight has use-value, so sunlight is, of course, a commodity
C.People who don't study hard can't become the backbone of the business, Xiao Li is a person who studies hard, so Xiao Li can become a business backbone
D.Chinese are not Americans, Americans all speak English, so none of the English speakers are Chinese

b
Light is an electromagnetic wave.Objects that cannot absorb light electromagnetic waves are generally transparent objects.Translucent objects only absorb part of the light, also called color filters.Opaque objects can absorb all of the light, also called black bodies.Transparent The animal's body does not have the ability to absorb visible light, can't see the pigment, and its concealment is strong.The secret of an invisible animal is that its body is transparent and colorless.
therefore?
A.The body of some invisible animals is transparent, but maybe colored
B.The body of an opaque animal can absorb visible light, has obvious colors, and has poor concealment
C.Transparent objects that can absorb light electromagnetic waves can be called white bodies
D.Red Goldfish Color Filter

c
The increase in the content of lipoprotein in the blood will increase the body's ability to prevent excessive absorption of cholesterol, thereby reducing the cholesterol in the blood.Some people can significantly increase the content of high-concentration lipoprotein in the blood through regular physical exercise and weight loss.
Can we know from this?
A.Physical exercise and weight loss are the most effective ways to lower high cholesterol in the blood
B.Some people lower blood cholesterol by regular physical exercise and weight loss
C.People of standard weight need only regular physical exercise to lower cholesterol in the blood
D.People who do not exercise regularly, especially fat people, have an increased risk of cholesterol in their blood as they get older

d
Language plays an important role in human communication.If a language is completely effective, then every possible combination of its basic language can express words that have independent meaning and understandability.However, if human hearing There is a problem with the system's ability to receive sound signals, so not every possible combination of basic languages can become an independent and understandable word.
visible?
A.If the human auditory system's function of receiving sound signals is normal, then every possible combination of the basic language of a language can become an independent and understandable word
B.The validity of language leads to the practicality of human communication
C.If every possible combination of the basic language can become an independent and understandable word, the language is completely effective
D.If there is a problem with the human auditory system's ability to receive sound signals, then language cannot be completely effective

c
In a market economy, the situation of supply and demand is constantly changing.Large enterprises can often obtain large profits through large-scale production, but they may also cause significant losses because of supply and demand dislocations that cannot respond immediately.Although small enterprises are not very profitable, However, it can flexibly adapt to market changes and change production in a timely manner.
therefore?
A.SMEs are much better than large companies in a market economy
B.A large-scale business organization is not desirable
C.Cannot simply deny the small business model
D.Starting a small business is a trifle and a waste of energy

a
Western Europe broke the original clan relations and established regional-centered political relations when it established a civilized society.Unlike Western Europe, China did not break the original clan relations when it established a civilized society, but instead based on clan relations.Establishing a national system based on kinship.
Such a country is dominated by patriarchal clan relations, so?
A.In Chinese civilization, the home is the standard of the country, and the country is the enlargement of the home.
B.Western European civilization does not value the blood relationship
C.Western European civilization is more advanced than Chinese civilization
D.It is easier to build a civilized social system based on the clan, so China ’s civilization is longer

b
Reforming the household registration system has become one of the important contents of the city's current social reforms.The main point is to relax restrictions on foreign populations.But policymakers face a dilemma.On the one hand, they understand that attracting foreign populations is of great significance for accelerating the city's urbanization On the other hand, it is worried that the surge in population will bring many pressures.Therefore, two opinions of "open" and "conservative" have been formed in the decision-making team.
If the following items are true, they can only support one of the above opinions, except?
A.The "dualization" of the household registration system has seriously failed to meet the needs of the current social and economic development
B.The number of kindergartens, primary and secondary schools in the city has decreased in recent years due to changes in family planning policies and fertility concepts
C.The city's existing transportation, education, and other basic conditions and service facilities cannot meet the needs of its urban population expansion
D.According to statistics from the city's public security department, the number of crimes in the city has increased in recent years, and the proportion of criminals from the floating population has increased.

d
Quality cost refers to all expenses incurred by the enterprise in order to ensure and improve product quality and all losses caused by the failure of product quality to meet prescribed requirements,
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are quality costs:
A.The cost of hiring an expert endorsement for a pharmaceutical company to establish a good quality image of the product;
B.Expenses for a car manufacturer to carry out a test drive on the theme of quality witness tours for new products;
C.Fines paid by a health care product company for allegedly exaggerating the effectiveness of the product;
D.A food manufacturing company was fined by the quality supervision department for an overdose of the artificial pigment content in the product

d
The crime of intentionally destroying property means that a natural person who has reached the age of criminal responsibility and has the capacity for criminal responsibility has deliberately destroyed or damaged public and private finances in a large amount or has other serious circumstances.The criminal purpose is only to damage public and private finances and has no purpose of illegal possession.
According to the above definition, Which of the following crimes of intentional destruction of property are:
A.Zhang is dissatisfied with the company's year-end dividend plan and takes away the company's valuables without permission
B.Li Mo, a mental patient, robs a walker of his finances and causes his disability
C.Wang overfits his new house, causing cracks in residential buildings
D.Zhao destroys the high-voltage line, causing a blackout in the entire area for three days

b
There are two types of interpersonal conflicts: work conflicts and emotional conflicts (relationship conflicts).Work conflicts are based on different understandings, ideas, and methods of work; emotional conflicts are emotional rivalries or hostility.
According to the definition above, Which of the following are emotional conflicts:
A.A unit leader has serious disputes with his subordinates due to adherence to principles
B.A young girl quarreled with him because of her boyfriend's indifference
C.A young colleague is explaining something to the customer, but the customer is excited first
D.An old man is teaching those who are picking campus roses

b
Structural unemployment refers to changes in the economic structure of rain (including industrial structure, product structure, and regional structure).The existing labor force, skills, concepts, and regional distribution do not adapt to this change and do not match market demand.Unemployment triggered.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are structural unemployment
A.Xiao Wang was "unemployed" immediately after graduating from college because his major was cold.
B.Aunt Zhang, who is not literate, does not meet the requirements of modernization and is unemployed
C.Xiao Li always runs into a wall when looking for a job because he doesn't have a Certificate in College English
D.A company in Shanghai lacks senior workers and there is a vacancy in talent

b
Work enlargement refers to increasing the number or variability of work tasks at a horizontal level to diversify work.Work enrichment refers to giving employees more complex and more serialized work from the vertical to give employees greater control right.
Which of the following are job enrichment
A.Buddy folks work in the pasta, salad, vegetable, drink and dessert department rotations
B.The staff of the postal department has increased from the original post-only sorting to the simultaneous delivery to various postal departments
C.In a transmission data system company, employees can often submit their favorite jobs and then transfer to new positions
D.At a research institute, a department head told her subordinates that they could do whatever research they wanted, as long as it was within budget and legal.

b
A service invention refers to a service invention created by an employee of an enterprise, public institution, social organization, or state agency when performing the tasks of the unit or by using the material conditions of the unit.
Which of the following are service inventions
A.Uncle Zhang joined the fitness club for the elderly and invented a new type of fitness equipment
B.Li was entrusted by the company to participate in a subject research of a university and invented a new technology
C.Liu designed a multi-functional blackboard at home to facilitate the usual class
D.Wang invented a multifunctional umbrella in high school and obtained a patent

b
Optimism refers to a psychological state in the process of knowing things, expressed as caring about the positive value of things, and placing the maximum positive value on the selection criteria of its behavior plan, that is, believing that you have enough behavioral capacity to withstand and weaken the original There is a negative impact of negative value on yourself, and make the original positive value play a greater positive effect.
Which of the following best fits the above definition of optimism:
A.When there are a long wind and waves, there will be times when hanging directly on the clouds to save the sea
B.Wind makes waves start, just smile and don't worry
C.Laughing again this year, next year, autumn moon spring breeze and other leisure time
D.Cooking sheep and slaughtering cattle is fun

a
Self-righteousness refers to the characteristics of a person whom he admires or admires, a team or a certain idea as his own characteristics, to make up for his own shortcomings and deficiencies.There are two types of self-righteousness: one is to imitate others The second is to use the advantages, honors, etc.of others to satisfy their wishes.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are self-occupied
A.See Xiansi Qi
B.There is Hongru in-jokes, and there is no ding
C.People and Clouds
D.Full loss, Qian benefits

a
Pushing oneself and one's perceptual defense refers to an individual's tendency to think in terms of self-protection.It makes it easier for people to observe things that can meet the needs of the individual, and to ignore things that are irrelevant to the needs of the individual, and not hear.
Which of the following options are not perceptual defenses:
A.Worry and worry before the world, joy, and happiness after the world
B.Hearing out of the window with both ears, read the holy book with one heart
C.The poor post-lord also returned to the shrine, and the sunset chatted for Liang Father
D.The business girl doesn't know the hatred of the country, but still sings the backyard flowers across the river

b
Consumer credit refers to loans issued by banks and other financial institutions to consumers for consumption.Consumer credit often requires comprehensive guarantee measures and adequate market credit investigations, which are legally represented as sales contracts (often installment purchases), Loan contract, guarantee contract complex.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are consumer credits:
A.A restaurant allows a customer to credit
B.A rural credit cooperative issues small loans for farmers to buy cars
C.An employee advances a housing subsidy for 20 years by signing a contract with the unit for the purchase of a house
D.In the process of asset collection and disposal, the bank advances the debtor's litigation costs, economic disputes, etc.

c
Some people think that "beauty is objective".For example, whether you see the beauty of Huangshan or not, it still exists.Some people think that "beauty is subjective." Some beauties in your eyes are not to others.how about it.
visible
A.No absolute beauty or ugliness
B."Beauty is objective" is incorrect
C.Beauty is relative and exists in our subjective and objective world
D.Is beauty subjective or objective?

d
According to research by American nutritionists, cauliflower contains indole-indole.Researchers injected a special substance similar to indole in cauliflower into a group of volunteer testers.The efficacy of breast cancer in these subjects.
If the following items are true, which of the following can most doubt the above speculation is
A.Low content of indole in cauliflower
B.Some people who eat cauliflower also have breast cancer
C.Many people who never eat cauliflower do not develop breast cancer
D.Estrogen levels are not the only cause of breast cancer

c
After several serious accidents due to the quality of the car itself, an automobile company began to recall some of its series of products worldwide for the technical reasons that caused the accident.Given the serious consequences of the accident, this move may In a short period of time, consumers can't regain their trust in their brand, but the measures to repair the dead have not made it abandoned by everyone.
It can be inferred from this
A.There are no similar quality problems in other products of the company
B.The measures to repair the dead will eventually restore consumer trust in the company to its original level
C.Consumers trust the company and its products, in part because it can better handle emerging issues
D.The purpose of the company's recall is to avoid recurrence of accidents due to similar quality problems

d
The class teacher said at the closing meeting: "The students in our class have achieved excellent results in the past year.Some have won awards in the Olympic competition, some have won awards in the oral English competition, and some have danced.Won the prize in the competition.There are many female students in our class ..."
Can be inferred from this
A.All students who have achieved excellent results are female classmates
B.There must be female classmates who have achieved excellent results
C.There are more female classmates than male classmates
D.There may not be female classmates who achieve excellent results

c
An automobile manufacturer introduced two standard and luxury models.The safety performance of the luxury model is much better than the standard model.After the two models are launched at the same time, the sales of the luxury model have not exceeded the standard model.Therefore, the manufacturer believes that Performance is not the number one consideration for customers.
If the following are true, what could weaken the manufacturer's point of view most is
A.Most customers have higher trust in standard cars
B.The price of a luxury car is not much different from the standard
C.Most customers think that the safety performance of standard cars is sufficient for daily life
D.Most standard cars are purchased by collective customers, so standard car sales have been high

d
Scientists have discovered that the earth's magnetic field has decayed sharply in the past 200 years.Scientists' language, at this rate, will continue to disappear in the next 1,000 years, and Earth ’s creatures will face an unprecedented cosmic ray catastrophe.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Earth's magnetic field is decaying faster than it was 200 years ago
B.Humans cannot change the sharp decay of the Earth's magnetic field
C.Radiation intensity from outer space will increase in the future
D.Earth's magnetic field blocks radiation from space

c
Scientific research has found that plants respond to touch because they think they are being hit by the wind, so they "feel" that they must increase their intensity to prevent wind damage.Just touching and tapping the plant's stem for a few seconds a day can make the density of plant branches is increased.After the plant is touched for less than 30 minutes, the plant's genes can produce proteins that increase the calcium content in the body.The increase in calcium, in turn, results in a substance called calcium protein.With the increase, the substance can make plants stronger.
If the following are true, the above conclusions can be questioned:
A.Vegetable farmers generally beat seedlings before they move the seedlings in the greenhouse to the open air.
B.Before transplanting beets, remove the water from the beets and beat them with a broom
C.Crops that are often exposed to the wind at the edge of the field are 80% more likely to fall than crops that cannot be blown in the center of the field
D.If it encounters the leaves of mimosa, it will shrink into a clump within seconds.The phenomenon occurs because calcium quickly flows into its cells.

b
A city has beautiful scenery and a pleasant climate.Almost all of the city's Chenxi Roads are opened for elderly nursing homes.Many elderly people from all over the country come here to travel and recuperate.Chenxi Road has only a few residential houses, but near Chenxi Road But there are many shops specializing in children's products, and the business is quite hot.
Which of the following best explains this phenomenon?
A.Goods at low prices are sold at shops specializing in children's products near Chenxi Road
B.The elderly who come to the hospital are accompanied by children and children, and they need to buy the necessary items for the children
C.Although there are not many residents living on Chenxi Road, children often give each other gifts
D.Children's store near Chenxi Road

b
Synthetic food coloring is made from aniline dye isolated from coal tar as raw material, so it is also called coal tar coloring or aniline coloring, such as synthetic amaranth, carmine, and lemon yellow, etc.Occasionally add a certain amount of artificial Foods that synthesize food coloring do not cause poisoning, diarrhea, etc.Therefore, people can rest assured that foods with a small amount of artificially synthesized colors are practically added.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument?
A.Consuming foods with a small amount of synthetic food coloring is not good for human health
B.Regular and occasional consumption have different effects on the human body
C.Aniline dye contains harmful substances to the human body
D.Foods added with a small amount of natural food coloring will not affect human health

d
Recently, when an inspection and quarantine bureau unpacked and inspected more than one hundred wooden boxes of mechanical and electrical products imported from Germany, it was found that two of them had a large number of suspected termites.The specimens collected at the site were identified as Taiwan milk termites.Since this termite is not distributed in Europe, experts speculate that it may be infected by cloud input in China.
Can be inferred from this
A.The goods did not come by air directly from Germany
B.Cargo transportation through Taiwan
C.Termites reproduce quickly
D.There are many Taiwan termites in China

b
A very popular fast food restaurant specializing in sandwiches in the UK has recently raised the price of sandwiches by 0.2 euros, which refers to 2 euros from 1.8 euros.But just one month after the price increase, all waiters resigned in unison.
Which of the following, if true, would best explain the above phenomenon?
A.After the price rises, fast food restaurants can continue to give customers drinks, and the waiters are troublesome
B.The tip for the waiter is much smaller than before.Because the price is an integer, the customer may not have changed.
C.Although the price of sandwiches has increased, there has not been a corresponding increase in the waiter's salary
D.Due to rising prices, except for some patrons who often come to patronize, the business in the store is getting deserted

a
Instinct can make organisms respond complexly to stimuli.Relatively non-instinctual responses, instinctual responses require few nerve cells.A brain with an instinctual ability must have a large number of nerve cells, and no insect's brain has this.The number of nerve cells.
According to this text, we can know
A.Insect responses are generally instinctive
B.Creatures whose brain is smaller than or equal to the insect brain can only respond instinctively
C.Organisms with brains larger than insect brains have the ability to respond non-instinctively
D.Organisms with advanced brains generally do not respond instinctively

a
Due to the discovery of the plant pupae of the same age as the dinosaurs in the primordial forest at the bottom of the largest tiankeng in the Yeye tiankeng-Dashiwei-it was speculated that Dashiwei should be formed in the dinosaur era, 65 million years ago.
If the following are true, which one can best refute the above speculation?
A.桫 椤 still exists
B.No 桫 椤 found in other Leye tiankengs
C.Dinosaurs cannot enter this extremely deep sinkhole
D.No dinosaur fossils found in Dashiwei

d
A recent computer market survey shows that, based on the percentage of student purchasers of a brand among all purchasers, A and B computers rank in the top two, with 68% and 52% respectively.However, in the past 6 months Of the students buying computers, the domestic C brand has always ranked first.
Which of the following is true is most helpful in explaining the above contradiction
A.The establishment of rankings by relevant institutions affects the consumer choice of students to a certain extent
The ratio of B.C student buyers to their buyers has also been higher than other brands for a long time
C.Compared with A and B brands, C brand computers are more cost-effective and more in line with student requirements
D.The percentage of student purchasers of a certain brand to the total number of student purchasers of each brand is different from the percentage of student purchasers of a certain brand to the total purchasers of the brand

a
The public realizes that there may be prejudices in the news media and doubts the powerful communication effect of the news media.However, the public's seemingly reasonable evaluation of each news reported is inconsistent with the news subject, because the public evaluation is based on Obtained information for the background.
If the author's point is correct, then he is trying to explain
A.If prejudice is widespread in the news reported by the news media, it is difficult for the public to identify these prejudices
B.News outlets modify their coverage to suit special political agendas
C.The news media imposes its prejudices on reports that are often not aware of distortion, but instead makes it part of the public's interest and credibility
D.News reporters agree with the public on major social issues, because news reporters are also members of this society

c
Researchers have cultivated some kinds of fry in daily seawater and seawater containing twice the carbon dioxide concentration, and the fry grows up and is placed in a maze.Whenever they encounter obstacles, the fish that hatch in normal seawater will choose the right one However, fish that hatch under high carbon dioxide concentrations randomly choose to turn left or right, so that this fish has less chance of survival when it encounters natural enemies.Therefore, researchers believe that in high carbon dioxide environments Hatching fish will weaken their ability to survive.
Which of the following, if true, cannot support that conclusion?
A.About one-third of the carbon dioxide produced by humans burning fossil fuels is absorbed by the oceans on Earth, which makes the seawater gradually acidify, which will soften the shell and bones of marine life
B.Low oxygen levels in marine areas with high levels of carbon dioxide.Less oxygen makes it difficult for marine life to breathe, foraging, avoiding predators, and breeding offspring become more difficult
C.Carbon dioxide is an important nutrient for many marine organisms.They convert the carbon dioxide absorbed by the leaves and the water delivered by the profile into sugar, starch, and oxygen under exposure to light.
D.The clownfish juveniles are raised in seawater with high carbon dioxide concentration, and the sounds made by natural enemies are played.As a result, the group of small fishes cannot hear the sound

b
A unit will evaluate all employees at the end of each year, and there are 5 awards, including the best professional award, the best creative award, the best collaboration award, the best writing award, and the annual star award.The star award can no longer be selected for the best creative award and the best professional award; if the collaborative award is selected, the writing award can no longer be obtained; if the professional award is selected, the collaborative award can no longer be obtained.Each person can get up to two awards.There are 3 employees in the general department, all of which have won all awards, but each award is different.The known employees have won the star award, and some of the employees B and C have received the writing award.
It follows that the following guess must be correct?
A.If B wins the writing award, he also receives a professional award
B.If B wins the collaboration award, B and C each receive two awards
C.If B wins the writing award and creativity award, then A must receive only one award
D.If C wins the collaboration award, then B must not win the professional award

c
Tree branches and the stems of many plants often contain large amounts of difficult-to-decompose lignin, so the efficiency of using them to extract biofuels is greatly reduced.Currently, a bacterium called Rhodococcus has been found that has the ability to decompose wood and other The ability of lignin in plants.Therefore, it is believed that Rhodococcus can be widely used in previously discarded stalks, thereby greatly improving the utilization of biofuels.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Rhodococcus can secrete an enzyme that has the ability to decompose lignin, but its secretory ability exhibits periodic changes.
B.Some fungi also have the ability to break down lignin.Studies have found that the growth of these fungi requires specific temperature and humidity
C.Rhodococcus is easy to culture.Currently, Rhodococcus has been genetically sequenced, so Rhodococcus can be used to produce lignin-degrading enzymes on a large scale.
D.Lignin is a kind of oil-paper umbrella polymer material.So far, more than 95% of lignin is directly discharged into the river or burned after concentration, and rarely used effectively.

d
Operating assets are enterprises that can provide goods or services to the society in productivity and circulation.The operating unit of the operating assets has a legal person status.Its operating requirements are based on the pursuit of interests.From an accounting perspective, it mainly refers to holdings for profit Yes, actually profitable assets
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as "operating assets":
A.The backlog of black and white TVs in a TV airport
B.Hydropower generators that have not been put into use during construction
C.Bank deposits used by a foreign trade company to pay taxes
D.Laboratory equipment and equipment purchased by a key middle school

b
The crime of producing and selling toxic and harmful food refers to the production and sale of food containing toxic and harmful non-food raw materials, or the sale of food that is known to be mixed with toxic and harmful non-food raw materials.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following constitute the crime of producing and selling toxic and harmful food:
A.Liu uses industrial high-purity alcohol and white water in an underground factory to make a lot of fake wine and sell it to stores, earning more than 80,000 yuan.
B.A meat shop's processing plant uses sick pork as raw material to produce ham, causing a large number of consumers to be poisoned
C.A beverage manufacturer added a food additive, caffeine, to the cola produced, but did not indicate it on the packaging, which caused a large number of consumers to drink the cola containing caffeine
D.A food factory has added food coloring to a rainbow sugar produced by the food factory.The long-term consumption will cause harm to human health.

d
Palliative treatment room refers to the completely active medical treatment and care for patients who are homeless or unable to receive curative treatment, control pain and related symptoms, and pay attention to psychological, social and spiritual problems.The purpose is to treat patients To win the best quality of life with family members, palliative care is also suitable for early cancer patients, combining palliative care with anti-tumor treatment.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not palliative care:
A.A patient was unable to stand up due to the deterioration of his condition and old age.He had bedsores and a mold infection in his mouth.The nurse wiped his body and cleaned his mouth.
B.A patient cannot perform anti-cancer treatment because of advanced cancer and his own condition is poor.The doctor believes that the patient has no therapeutic value and advises the patient to go home to rest
C.The young patient was diagnosed with breast cancer as soon as she got married, and was very emotional.She refused to receive treatment, and the doctor provided psychological counseling.
D.A patient has severe pain after surgery and cannot fall asleep.The doctor installed a pain pump and gave him some sedative medicine so that the patient can take a good rest.

c
Induced movement is a kind of vision * perception, that is, the observer perceives that an object is moving, but the object has not actually moved, because the movement of other objects makes the observed object appear to be moving.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are induced sports:
A.Looking up at the sky at night without moonlight, decide that the stars seem to be moving
B.Wonderful movies in the cinema
C.The moon travels behind clouds
D.After watching a fast-moving train, you will feel that nearby trees are moving in opposite directions

d
A bacteriophage is a kind of germ that can prey on bacteria.At present, with the development of implantation technology in medical treatment, more and more patients are receiving medical implants such as urinary catheters, heart stents, etc.Because of the risk of bacterial infection, some researchers believe that if the phage is adsorbed on the surface of the implanted material and placed in the patient, the infection caused by the implanted quantity can be avoided.
Which of the following is true and can most weaken the above conclusion?
A.For patients implanted with medical volume, antibiotics are generally used to prevent bacterial infections
B.Where there are bacteria, there may be corresponding phages, but the number is different
C.Bacteriophages can attack disease-causing bacteria, but sometimes there are "predatory" beneficial bacteria
D.After some phages enter the body, they cannot adapt to the body fluid environment and it is difficult to maintain their activity

c
As people's life and work gradually enter high-rise buildings, people have less exposure to sunlight.Studies have found that sunlight is a necessary condition for the synthesis of vitamin D, and vitamin D is a key factor to promote calcium absorption.Therefore, some people have concluded that More susceptible to diseases caused by calcium deficiency, such as osteoporosis.
Which of the following is true and the above conclusions can be questioned most?
A.Patients with osteoporosis can be relieved or cured by exposure to the sun
B.Calcium-containing foods in the conceptual structure of modern people are much richer than before
C.Patients with osteoporosis are exposed to sunlight for the same length of time as others
D.Oral vitamin D tablets are a synthetic formula added with absorption enhancers

b
During the period when the Earth's tectonic activity was frequent, new marine basins around Africa, South America, and Europe began to expand, creating new space.A large amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere reacted with photosynthetic organisms, and the dead organisms were subsequently buried in seabed sediment The formation of shales rich in carbon elements, the fixation of carbon in the atmosphere reduces the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, reduces the greenhouse effect and reduces global temperature, which is a very important consequence for marine life, so some Scientists believe that the consequences of global cooling or warming will also occur.
Which of the following is true and best supports the judgment of scientists?
A.After 200 years of global chilling, due to frequent volcanic eruptions, the carbon solidified in the shale was generated into the atmosphere as C02, and the greenhouse effect was partially restored.
B.Global warming can lead to a crisis of marine life, scientists have found that similar crisis occurred in marine life during the period of global cooling 260,000 years ago
C.Natural changes in large-scale growth periods or huge changes in the global greenhouse effect in the short term due to human activities have an impact on the entire system
D.Scientists have observed that climate cooling has occurred over millions of years instead of tens, or hundreds of years, which is still difficult to associate with our rapidly changing modern climate conditions

b
Researchers believe that obesity is related to the parasitism of certain microorganisms that can produce specific gases in the human body.These microorganisms make the breath they exhale more unpleasant.The Los Angeles CS Medical Center analyzed the breath of 792 physical examinees and found that the exhaled methane and hydrogen The high-bodied person has a height and body mass index (BM2) 2.4 points higher than that of normal people, that is, they belong to obese people.
Based on the above description, cannot be launched?
A.Fatty people may parasitize certain microorganisms that produce specific gases
B.You can determine whether the breath is bad by the bad smell or not
C.People with high methane and hydrogen content in exhaled breath are fatter than normal people
D.The mixture of methane and hydrogen tastes bad

c
In order to implement the strategy of strengthening the city by culture, in 2008, two libraries have been built in 2008 and 2010.At the end of 2008, a total of more than 70,000 citizens 'library cards were processed, and by the end of 2010, a total of 130,000 citizens' library cards were processed.In the year, the city established a third library in the new district, which was completed and opened in early 2012.As of the end of 2012, the city had handled more than 200,000 citizens' library cards, and the city government believed that this measure was effective.Because in just 4 years, the number of citizens patronizing the library has almost tripled.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.The library has to constantly purchase new books, and the maintenance cost is also high, which will affect the construction of other cultural facilities in the city
B.There are two colleges and universities in the city, and many students have also applied for library debit cards from these three libraries.
C.Many citizens who have applied for the first library card have also applied for two other libraries
D.The city's new district construction is developing rapidly, and a large number of immigrants have poured into the new district in 4 years

b
The wooden chair effect means that two groups of students with equal grades are arranged to sit on a comfortable sofa chair and a very uncomfortable wooden chair to study.Soon after, the students who sit on the wooden chair will have higher academic performance than the students on the sofa chair.Many.The reason is that the student sitting on the wooden chair constantly adjusts the sitting position because of discomfort.On the surface, it seems to be disturbed and active, but in fact, it provides the brain with more blood and nutrition.Without motion, the blood circulation is relatively slowed, and the blood and nutrients obtained by the brain are relatively reduced, so the learning effect is worse.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options best reflect the wooden chair effect:
A.A student has been punished from childhood to fullness, and his academic performance has been unsatisfactory.
B.Xiaogang walks to school and goes home every day.
C.A parent provides a cold drink every day to encourage children to study in the summer
D.One month after moving into the new study, Xiao Ming's performance climbed all the way

a
Limonene, commonly known as a lemon essential oil.It is often used to make citrus flavoring agents, and is one of the important chemical ingredients of many air fresheners, body sprays and other fragrances.Limonene itself is not terrible because the chemical is not harmful to the human body.It can be a big hazard.In fact, it can be used as a flavoring agent in foods.However, once limonene is sprayed into the air, it changes quickly.Studies have shown that when limonene is exposed to ubiquitous air, When in ozone, two limonene molecules form a single-molecule compound, methanol.When a large amount of limonene in a room is converted into methanol, the effect will be very different.
From this we can infer:
A.The use of air fresheners may be harmful to us
B-Limonene is harmful to humans when used as a flavoring agent in food
C If a high methanol concentration is measured in the room, it means that too much fragrance is used
D In life, we should try to avoid using items containing limonene

d
If the cumulative amount of CO2 emitted to the atmosphere exceeds 3.200 billion tons, then by the end of this century, the threshold for controlling the temperature rise to within 20 degrees will not be maintained.Some scientists believe that in order to achieve the goal of controlling the temperature rise within 20 degrees, Limiting CO2 emissions is not enough.It is necessary to carry out large-scale atmospheric CO2 recovery operations worldwide to effectively control and mitigate the degree of atmospheric pollution.
To make the above scientists' ideas work, which of the following needs to be added as the premise most?
A Universal scientific knowledge on climate change worldwide
B Governments introduce effective policies to control CO2 emissions
C Scientific community integrates resources to support the development of geoengineering technology
D.Mechanisms can be established to effectively recover and store CO2

b
Stimulation generalization refers to the formation of conditional effects that enable an organism to acquire a specific response to a certain stimulus, so it is also possible to respond to similar stimuli with the same behavior.Stimulation differentiation is to make the organism through selective strengthening and regression.Learn to react differently to conditioned stimuli and stimuli similar to conditioned stimuli.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following statements are incorrect:
A."Once bitten by a snake, ten years of fear of good ropes" belongs to the stimulus generalization
B."Looking horizontally into a ridge and a peak, with different heights and distances" is a kind of stimulus differentiation
C.In order to highlight the brand, the manufacturer uniquely designs the packaging to try to make customers differentiate.
D.After a brand of toothpaste becomes a famous brand, the manufacturer also names the cosmetics it produces under the same brand, using the generalization of customer stimulation

a
Green design refers to the environmental attributes of the product, such as disassembly, recyclability, maintainability, reusability, etc., during the entire product cycle, as a design goal, while meeting environmental protection conditions To ensure that the quality of the product reaches the optimal state.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options are in line with the green design concept:
A.Dubai Sun Village smartly puts solar collectors to maximize daylight hours
B.A Dutch chemical company regards health and environmental protection as its important values
C.Brazil's popular use of green plants instead of bricks, stones, reinforced cement to build walls
D.A school designed a light green classroom background to protect children's eyes

c
Water swimming is a short-term experience with social, leisure, and consumer attributes when people travel to the water body and surrounding areas for the purpose of seeking pleasure.It has gradually become an important carrier for people's leisure fashion and regional tourism development.(Water body) and associated shorelands, islands, forests, grasses, buildings and other natural and cultural landscapes that can attract people.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are not part of the water tourism resources:
A.Wuyi Mountain's "Jiuquxi" can be found everywhere
B.On the street on the bank of Qinhuai River, there is a "Gangnam Gongyuan" built in the Ming Dynasty.
C.A forest park has a "release pond" stocking thousands of koi
D.A building stands on the bank of the Yangtze River, becoming a background for tourists to take pictures

c
The researchers found algorithmic errors in the commonly used software for functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI).They collected the results of 499 healthy people when they were at rest and found that their statistical methods needed to use real cases.This means that software can sometimes go astray and show activity even when the brain is at rest-the activity shown by the software is a product of software algorithms, not the brain being studied is really active.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Research conclusions can be obtained by fMRI and compiled by related programs
B.fMRI can capture changes in blood flow in the brain, but cannot effectively show whether the brain is active
C.The false-positive rate of fMRI software commonly used to diagnose brain function is above
D.Only results obtained with fMRI-specific software will be subjected to confirmatory tests and further confirmed

d
Place phobia mainly manifests as a fear of certain specific environments, such as high places, squares, objective environments, and crowded public places.It often starts with a spontaneous panic attack, and then produces expected anxiety and avoidance behaviors, which in turn leads to conditionalized Some clinical studies have shown that patients with place-phobia are often accompanied by panic attacks.However, some experts believe that the first panic attack is a necessary condition for the onset of place-phobia, so they believe that place-phobia is a consequence of the development of panic attacks.Under the category of panic disorder.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the above-mentioned expert opinion?
A.The course of place phobia often fluctuates, and many patients may improve or even ease in the short term.
B.Place phobia may be genetically related and linked to panic disorder
C.Research finds that onset phobia is more than 40 years old, and its course tends to be chronic
D.Research Finds that Fear of Place Occurred in About Patients Prior to Panic Attack

a
The accelerated expansion of the universe is due to the mutual exclusion of materials, and the decelerated expansion is due to the mutual attraction of materials.Therefore, to explain the accelerated or decelerated expansion of the universe on this basis, materials with different characteristics must dominate in different periods.All of the particles in the standard model of particle physics produce attractive gravitation, but the study of the galaxy rotation curve shows that there are still a lot of invisible materials in the galaxy, these materials can Generate very strong attractive gravity.
If the above argument is true, then which of the following conclusions does the galaxy rotation curve study conclusion imply?
A.The insufficient attractive force produced by all particles in the standard model of particle physics
B.Particles in the standard model of particle physics are not unique, other particles exist
C.The study of galaxy rotation curves shows that the universe is accelerating in this period
D.Studies of galaxy rotation curves indicate the existence of supermassive, invisible black holes

d
The pigments are mainly phenolic substances such as anthocyanins, and their color constitutes the color of the wine, and brings their own aroma and delicate taste to the wine.The color in the aged wine mainly comes from tannin.In addition to the wine In addition to contributing to the color and luster, it also acts on the mouth to produce bitterness, which promotes people's appetite.The tannin content is too high, the bitterness is heavy and the wine is rough.Ning also masks the acidity, so red wines are significantly less acidic than white wines because of their rich tannins.
From this we can infer:
A.Aged wine promotes appetite, color comes from tannins
B.Bitter and heavy wines must contain too much tannin
C.Weak and thin wines must have too low tannin content
D.Tannin can affect the color of wine and taste and appetite of drinkers

d
Caring for obsessive-compulsive disorder means that a person particularly needs others to rely on themselves, and always loves to provide others with the care that others do not need.Moreover, such people also force others to accept their own care, so that others cannot be independent.When others rely on themselves, He will feel contented and feel valuable.This symptom will suppress people's nerves, and at the same time bring a lot of inconvenience to relatives, friends and even colleagues.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are obsessive-compulsive disorder:
A.Zhang said, "I will go crazy without seeing my son one day."
B.Li Moulin coaxed her daughter into taking cold medicine
C.Liu lived in his own home from elementary school to college
D.Wang rented an apartment near the university where his daughter attended

b
Hydrological rhythm refers to the periodicity of the lake's water regime and changes in rhythm.Generalized hydrological rhythm includes day and night, monthly transport, seasonal and interannual rhythms.Under normal circumstances, due to the stability of the basin climate and underlying surface, the average water level of the lake for many years The stable value is the normal annual average water level of the lake.Therefore, the interannual rhythm of the lake is characterized by the abruptness driven by disturbance factors and the stability of the stage after adaptation to disturbance.Rhythm refers to the monthly rhythm and seasonal rhythm.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following narrow hydrological rhythms are designed:
A.Poyang Lake is affected by the continuous decrease of rainfall and the decrease of incoming water, and the water surface area continues to shrink.
B.Hongze Lake historical average annual water temperature 16.3
C.The annual rainfall of Dongting Lake was 1,560 mm, of which about half of the precipitation was from April to June.
D.The annual average temperature of the Chaohu Lake Basin is stable between 15-16 degrees, with a frost-free period of more than 200 days.The highest water temperature is in September and the lowest water temperature is in January.

b
Albatross belongs to the phylaformes, with tubular noses, sensitive olfactory, and often fly long distances in the open sea in order to find food.That plastic garbage floating on the sea does not look delicious, why can Believing eat them and pay a heavy price How about it? The researchers believe that the reason is that for albatross, these plastic wastes smell "tasty".The "cuisine signal" is a chemical called dimethyl sulfide (D.MS).Produced by the action of marine phytoplankton.
Which of the following, if true, cannot support a researcher's point of view?
A.Some species of Siluriformes often gather in areas with abundant phytoplankton
B.Consumption of plastic waste can cause seabirds to have difficulty moving, block the digestive tract, and cause chronic damage to health
C.Experiments have shown that D.MS components are detected on plastic samples after three weeks of immersion in the sea
D.Siluriformes birds sensitive to D.MS odor can detect odor molecules at extremely low concentrations

c
When treating dentistry, the dentist must remove the carious part of the tooth, and then fill the material to repair the defective tooth.However, 10% to 15% of the filling will fail, and the filling used is not equipped to make the tooth heal itself.Function and even side effects.In view of this, researchers have developed a filler made of synthetic biological materials that can stimulate the growth of stem cells in the dental pulp and repair damaged areas.This filler can stimulate the proliferation of stem cells If the fillings of future fillings are made of such regenerative materials, it will reduce the failure rate of fillings and also reduce the pain of dental pulp patients.
From this we can infer:
A.People will no longer suffer from tooth decay in the future
B.People will no longer be troubled by dental caries in the future
C.Newly developed fillings to stimulate damaged teeth to heal
D.Newly developed dental fillings can promote the growth of dentin

b
Studies have claimed that cancer cells are afraid of heat and high body temperature can fight cancer.The organs most susceptible to cancer in the human body include the lung, stomach, large intestine, breast, etc., which are lower temperature parts, and "hot organs" such as the heart are not easy Cancer.Therefore, you can fight cancer by raising your body temperature by exercising, drinking hot water, taking a bath, and so on.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above argument?
A.Affected by breathing, diet, etc., people's oral temperature is generally lower than rectal temperature, and the incidence of rectal cancer is higher than oral cancer worldwide
B.There is a precise regulation mechanism of human body temperature, which basically remains stable, and there is no obvious temperature difference between various organs in the body
C.Hyperthermia may help radiotherapy or some chemotherapy perform better, but research data to prove its reliability are still insufficient
D.Malignant tumors rarely occur in the heart, because the cardiomyocytes no longer divide and proliferate here, regardless of the temperature

b
Hot days can make people irritable, take negative reactions to others, and even attack, anti-social behavior occurs.The hot places in the world are also the places with more aggressive behavior.
which is the most appropriate conclusion to draw from this?
A.Natural environment determines personality characteristics
B.The natural physical environment can explain certain behaviors
C.The colder the place, the less likely people are to violate
D.Public order is better in hot places

c
A long time ago, potatoes were called "ghost apples" in France, and farmers were reluctant to introduce them.An agronomist came up with a way to grow potatoes on a piece of land and be guarded by a heavily armed King Guard At night, the guards deliberately withdrew.As a result, people came to steal potatoes and introduced them to their own fields.By this method, potato cultivation was quickly promoted in France.
which is the most appropriate conclusion to draw from this?
A.The more prohibited some things, the more people will be interested, such as certain movies, the more prohibited books and the more popular
B.People have a curiosity
C.People tend to violate regulations and break restrictions
D.The emergence of new things is initially unwelcome

c
In the famous Genovese case in New York, USA.in 964, a girl named Genovese was killed by a gangster with a knife on her way home.Within 30 minutes of the incident, 38 neighbors heard the victims calling for help.Many people went to the window and watched it for a long time, but no one went to the rescue.There was no one to do anything, and called the police in time.This made a tragedy that should not happen a reality.
which is the most appropriate explanation for the above phenomenon?
A.The public witnessed the distress of others, which is a loss of public humanity
B.Violence is often witnessed, leading to public insensitivity
C.Witnessing the incident without helping, maybe due to the presence of others, inhibiting the motivation to help, leading to decentralized social responsibility
D.People tend to protect themselves in the face of danger

d
Research shows that teens in the U.S.and Germany see parents 'restrictive discipline as hating themselves, while in South Korea and Japan, parents' same restrictive discipline makes children feel acceptance and warmth.
which is the most appropriate conclusion to draw from this?
A.Korean and Japanese children are more likely to be disciplined
B.Children in the United States and Germany are more rebellious than children in South Korea and Japan
C.The United States and Germany pay more attention to humanizing education
D.Eastern and Western cultural backgrounds affect children's education

a
One of the four students, A.B, C, and D, donated 1,000 yuan to the tsunami-stricken area.When asked by the teacher, they answered separately: A: The 1,000 yuan was not my donation.B: The 1,000 yuan was donated by D C: The 1,000 yuan was donated by B.D: The 1,000 yuan was not my donation.
Only one of these four people told the truth, which shows who contributed the 1,000 yuan?
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.Ding

a
On one of the busiest streets in a city, a department store was stolen by a group of property.After the incident, the Public Security Bureau arrested three major suspects after investigation.They were A.B, and C.Later, they were interrogated.Which of the following facts were ascertained: ① the criminal escaped by driving with the stolen goods; ② he would not commit a crime if he did not belong to A; ③ he would not drive; ④ the criminal was one or a group of these three people.
Can it be launched from this?
A.A is guilty
B.An Innocence
C.B is guilty
D.B is not guilty

d
Some jurists are graduates of the Department of Economics of the University, so some graduates of the University of Economics are people who are very knowledgeable about the business of lawyers.
Which of the following, if true, will guarantee the correctness of the above statement?
A.Some jurists who have a good understanding of lawyers' business are not graduates of the Department of Economics
B.Everyone who studies the lawyer business is a jurist
C.Some jurists are not graduates of the Department of Economics of the University, but law students
D.All jurists are very knowledgeable about lawyers

c
Wild pandas are rapidly decreasing, so to protect the species, existing wild pandas should be captured and placed in zoos around the world.
Which of the following, if correct, raises the most serious questions about the above conclusions?
A.Wild pandas usually give birth to more pups when locked up than in wild habitats
B.Giant pandas just born in the zoo are not likely to die from infectious diseases, but wild pandas are likely to die from these diseases
C.It is difficult to get a sufficient amount of bamboo outside the habitat of wild pandas, which is the only food for pandas
D.The number of individuals that can survive to adulthood in the zoo's giant pandas and wild giant pandas' offspring is comparable

a
For many scientists, cloning technology offers unprecedented opportunities to more effectively design new life forms, save endangered species, and explore treatments for multiple human diseases.
which is the most appropriate conclusion to draw from this?
A.Cloning technology will advance scientific and social progress
B.Scientists agree that further development of cloning technology is needed
C.Many scientists will oppose the government's suppression of the development of cloning technology
D.With the development of cloning technology, the emergence of clones will be inevitable

b
No matter what kind of toothpaste you use, regular brushing will reduce your chance of tooth decay.Scientists have concluded that when brushing your teeth, you can reduce the possibility of tooth decay by removing the plaque flakes formed on your teeth and gums.You don't need fluoride toothpaste, just brush your teeth carefully and you can say goodbye to tooth decay.
Which of the following is a criticism of the reasoning discussed above?
A.Brushing with fluoride toothpaste reduces the chance of tooth decay
B.The fact that brushing your teeth reduces the chance of tooth decay does not indicate that fluorine has no effect
C.Few people can fully remove plaque by brushing their teeth
D.Plaque on people's teeth for most of the time

c
A foreign tourist said, "If you don't visit Gushan, you won't be able to visit Fuzhou; if you don't see Moya stone carvings, you will come to Baishan Gushan."
Based on this sentence, which of the following is the most likely conclusion?
A.Tour Fuzhou, just watch Moya Stone Carvings
B.The Moya Stone Carvings in Gushan Concentrate on Fuzhou's Best Humanistic Landscape
C.Tour Fuzhou, the most memorable is the Moya Stone Carvings
D.Tour Fuzhou, you should first watch Moya Stone Carvings

d
Persons A.B, and C are employees of the same company, and their fiancees A.B, and C are also employees of this company.The person familiar with the situation said: "A's fiance is B's friend, and the three men The youngest of all; C is older than C's fiance."
According to the information provided by the insider, we can launch three pairs of combinations?
A.A-A.B-B, C-C
B.A-B, B-A.C-C
C.A-C, B-B, C-A
D.A-A.B-C, C-B

d
Conformity refers to the phenomenon that individual ideas and behaviors change in a direction consistent with the majority due to the guidance or pressure of the masses.
Which of the following are not hermit phenomena?
A.Immigration
B.Riots after the football match
C.Destroy with everyone during the riot
D.Buy lottery tickets

d
International tourism personnel refers to those who enter China's borders to travel, visit, inspect, visit relatives, and engage in trade, sports, academic and technical exchange activities (including foreigners, overseas Chinese, compatriots from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan).
Which of the following belongs to international tourism personnel?
A.Embassy and Consulates in China and Their Families
B.Seafarers temporarily landed by international ships
C.Foreign expatriates who came to settle in our country
D.Foreign art troupes who come to China for cultural performances

c
The circular economy is an ecological economy.It requires the use of ecological laws instead of mechanistic laws to guide the characteristics of economic activities in human society.
Which of the following are not part of the circular economy approach?
A.Changing the single-program economy into a circular economy
B.Changing the consumption-based economy into a rest-oriented economy
C.Changing the reserve economy into a growth economy
D.Returning farmland to lake and farmland to forest

c
The role of literary decoration refers to the phenomenon that people will come up with various reasons to forgive themselves or justify their failure after frustration.
Which of the following options are not part of the decoration?
A.Gore complains about injustice in U.S.justice system after failed U.S.presidential campaign
B.Xiao Zhang did not rank advanced members, he thought that he had a bad relationship with the leadership of the judges
C.Xiao Li's business fails, stocks fall, he takes sleeping pills and commits suicide
D.The teacher said something wrong and explained that he was too rushed on the road and disrupted his thinking

b
Improper gains refer to gaining benefits without a a legal and contractual basis and causing others to suffer losses.According to the law, the party that has suffered a loss has the right to request the improper gainer to return the benefits obtained.Obligation to return benefits.
Which of the following are improper benefits?
A.Debtors settle outstanding debts
B.The customer pays the salesperson more
C.Alimony from the foster child
D.Pay for money lost as a result of gambling

d
Avoidance behavior refers to the occurrence of behavior that prevents the occurrence of certain negative stimuli.
Which of the following meets this definition?
A.A bare-footed man stepped on the hot asphalt, he immediately jumped to the grass
B.The speaker sounded like an explosion when the army started the car, he quickly turned down the volume
C.In the cinema, the people around Peng Peng spoke loudly, and he sat in a seat away from these people.
D.A sound is made to the rat before each electric shock.After several tests, as soon as the sound is made, the rat starts to escape.

c
Psychosomatic diseases refer to physical diseases whose main cause or inducement is psychosocial factors.
Which of the following ispsychosomatic?
A.Lao Li is usually in good health, but as soon as the catkins fly and the flowers are full of spring, he will have asthma
B.Xiao Yang's blood transfusion was unfortunately contracted by AIDS, and he was depressed and he wanted to commit suicide several times.
C.Lao Zhang is struggling to win, and he has a bad temper.
D.Due to the loss of her lovely son in a car accident, Ms.Wang became "crazy" and talks like Xiang Linyi when she sees people

a
Commercial advertising refers to the introduction of the goods or services provided by the business operator or service provider, directly or indirectly, through a certain medium and form.
Which of the following are not commercial ads?
A.The self-employed owner, Mr.Sun, yelled in front of his booth.As a result, many customers were attracted to it and they paid for his clothes
B.A hotel promoted on the radio, saying how low the room price and how good the service attitude is
C.In order to increase the sales volume of a product, a company printed a lot of publicity materials by itself, and delivered these publicity materials to consumers from house to house.
D.An enterprise ordered 4,000 newspapers with the newspaper, and the newspaper gave the company a full-page position for the company to advertise its products for free

d
The secretary said to Zhang Qiang, "Your plan is good, and I think the directors will agree." After a while, she said, "No director will not disapprove."
As can be seen?
A.Secretary agrees with Zhang Qiang's plan
B.Directors agree with Zhang Qiang's plan
C.Directors oppose Zhang Qiang's plan
D.Secretary's words are inconsistent

b
An analysis of the best results of the world's men's and women's marathons over the past decade shows that the women's record has improved 7 times over the men's record, however, the fastest men's marathon runners are still much faster than the fastest women's marathon runners.
Can we infer from this?
A.The training level for men's marathon runners needs to be improved
B.Women's marathon runners have greater development potential than men's marathon runners
C.The current women's marathon record is faster than the men's marathon record ten years ago
D.Ten years ago, the women's marathon was more than seven times the record

a
Someone wrote in a letter: "I saw the platypus egg in Manchester a few years ago, so I ignorantly mocked this stupid opinion that mammals lay eggs, and now it is finally confirmed",
It can be seen from the letter that the writer had previously thought wrongly?
A.The platypus does not lay eggs
B.Some mammals do not lay eggs
C.Platypus is not a mammal
D.Only mammals are mammals

c
Copernicus's "Heliocentric Theory" contradicted the religious thought of the time, the dominant Aristotle physics, and people's "common sense".At first, many people opposed it until Newton discovered the law of gravity.It was gradually recognized by astronomers.
which of the following can't be introduced from this?
A.Aristotle's physics is not "science"
B.Newton's findings support Copernicus
C.The religious thought at that time saw the sun as sacred
D.People used to think "the sun goes around the earth"

d
The quality inspection section of a factory inspected the product quality of the five production groups, and the results were as follows: the qualified rate of the products in group D was higher than that in group C; there were more completely scrapped products in group B than in group E; The passing rate is the lowest; the passing rate of products in Group C and Group B is the same.
Can it be launched from this?
A.The qualified rate of products in group D and group E is the same
B.More products in Group A are completely scrapped
C.The highest product qualification rate of group D
D.The qualified rate of products in group B is lower than that in group D

c
The general theory of relativity proposed by Einstein believes that space and time will bend due to the existence of matter, and the gravitational field is actually a curved space-time.Einstein believes that the sun is a large gravitational field.A deflection of 1.7 seconds will occur on the surface of the sun, and this prediction was finally confirmed by astronomical observations.
Can't launch from this?
A.The closer the starlight is to the sun, the greater the impact
B.The deflection of the starlight is related to the magnitude of the sun's gravity
C.General relativity is based on astronomical observations
D.Science gives reasonable explanations for many incredible phenomena

d
Shuguang Machinery Plant, Huaye Machinery Plant, and Xiangrui Machinery Plant are all located in Xinning City.They are not only brother plants under the same Industrial Bureau, but also competitors in the market.Among the five mechanical products in the market, Shuguang Machinery Plant Good at producing product 1, product 2 and product 4, Huaye Machinery Factory is good at producing product 2, product 3 and product 5, Xiangrui machinery factory is good at producing product 3 and product 5.If two factories produce the same product, on the one hand, it is not the economy, on the other hand, will produce vicious competition.If a factory produces three products, there are also problems with manpower and equipment.In order to take advantage of regional economic cooperation, the Industry Bureau convened the leaders of the three factories to make their own products.Coordinated and proposed the best plan.
Which of the following is most likely the production plan of these plants?
A.Shuguang Machinery Factory produces products 1 and 2, and Huaye Machinery Factory produces products 3 and 5.
B.Huaye Machinery Factory produces product 2 and product 3, Xiangrui Machinery Factory produces product 4 only
C.Huaye Machinery Plant produces products 2 and 5, and Xiangrui Machinery Plant produces products 3 and 4
D.Xiangrui Machinery Factory produces products 3 and 5, Huaye Machinery Factory produces only products 2

b
The school's flood prevention and emergency donation team suddenly received a large number of unsigned donations.After searching, it can be concluded that one of Zhao, Qian, Sun, and Li Zhong had donated.Upon inquiry, Zhao said, "It was not my donation."Qian said:" It was donated by Li "; Sun said:" It was donated by money "; Li said:" I definitely did not donate."Finally, a detailed investigation confirmed that only one of the four people was telling the truth.
Based on the above-known conditions, please determine which of the following is true?
A.Zhao is telling the truth, donated by Sun
B.Lee is telling the truth, donated by Zhao
C.Qian is telling the truth, donated by Li
D.Li is telling lies and was donated by Li

a
The sales department of a company has five staff members, two of whom have a bachelor's degree in marketing, two undergraduate programs in computer, and one undergraduate program in physics.They also know that two of the five women have their undergraduate programs.Different backgrounds.
Based on the above, which of the following inferences is most likely to hold?
A.Two men in this sales department are from different undergraduate majors
B.A lady in the sales department must have graduated in computer science
C.Three men in the sales department come from different undergraduate majors, and the ladies also come from different undergraduate majors
D.At least one man in the sales department graduated in marketing

d
Trademark infringement: refers to the unauthorized use of a registered trademark by another person for commercial purposes without the permission of the trademark owner, or the use of a major part of another person's registered trademark as his own trademark, and the use of the same or similar goods Generate trademark confusion to deceive consumers.
In the following cases, which of the following is not a trademark infringement?
A.Company A uses a trademark similar to its registered trademark on goods similar to Company B without the permission of trademark owner B
B.A towel factory registered the "419" brand trademark.After the market was opened, some companies added a certain brand before the "419" brand, so that the "419" trademark was converted into a product name
C.A domestic company did not use the "IBM" trademark directly on its products, but used it in advertising and other promotional activities
D.The name of a domestic shopping mall uses the real estate "Asia" brand name that has been approved for registration by a real estate company

b
Legal events: Legal facts that are not transferred by the will of the actor.
Which of the following are legal events?
A.Zhang San drives illegally
B.Li Si died of illness
C.Wang Wu gets married
D.Zhao Liu inherited property

a
State compensation: Refers to the system of compensation for victims by the state's and its staff members' illegal exercise of their powers, infringements on the legitimate rights and interests of citizens, legal persons, and other organizations and causing damage.
According to this definition, in which of the following situations should the state be liable? ?
A.Public security investigator Zhao killed the suspect during interrogation
B.Business administration authorities revoke the business license of an illegal operating company
C.Post office causes losses to customers during postal delivery
D.Bank staff misappropriating depositors' funds using their positions

d
Foreign exchange: refers to a variety of payment vouchers expressed in foreign currencies for international settlement.It includes foreign currencies (banknotes, minted coins), foreign currency securities (government bonds, corporate bonds, stocks, etc.), and foreign currency payment vouchers (bills), Bank deposit vouchers, postal savings vouchers, etc.) and other vouchers that can be cashed abroad.
Which of the following are not foreign exchange?
A.Water conservancy construction bonds issued by the British government
B.Citibank deposit certificate
C.The currency of the European Union country Netherlands 200 Euros
D.Cash deposit certificate of Taiwanese-funded company's 10 million US dollars converted into RMB

b
Contract transfer: refers to the change of the contract subject, that is, the new contract party replaces the old contract party, but the object of the contract, that is, the subject matter of the contract has not changed.There are two cases of contract transfer: First, the transfer of creditor The original creditor transferred its creditor's rights to the new creditor, so that the new creditor replaced the original creditor; the second is the debt commitment, that is, the new debtor replaces the original debtor to bear the debt.In both cases, the creditor and the debtor have changed.The content has not changed.
Which of the following is not a contract transfer situation?
A.Xiao Wang owes Xiao Li 100 yuan, but for some other reason, let Mr.Zhang pay the debt for Xiao Wang
B.Xiao Li returned the 1,000 yuan loaned to him by Wang.Now Wang is not here.Xiao Li asks his neighbors to collect it for him and waits for him to return to Xiao Wang.
C.Xiao Wang lent Xiao Li 1,000 yuan, but Xiao Wang asked Xiao Li to return the money to Mr.Zhang
D.Company A paid 100,000 yuan to help Company B repay the debt to Company C, and Company B helped Company A to recover the debt owed to Company D.

b
Labor remuneration: the sum of all remuneration received by workers for providing labor, which is equal to the sum of wages and benefits.
According to the above definition, which of the following combinations constitutes labor compensation?
A.Xiao Wang has completed 500 piece-counting tasks in excess.Based on the unit price of 10 yuan, the company paid him 5000 yuan.
B.Xiao Wang completed the task in excess, and the company gave him two weeks of paid vacation in addition to a certain amount of salary
C.Xiao Wang used the company's 5,000 yuan to buy stocks and received 2,000 yuan in revenue
D.Xiao Wang worked overtime for 4 hours after completing the task, and the company paid him 400 yuan overtime

a
Loss of inheritance right means that the heir has been disqualified from inheriting the inheritance in accordance with the law because he or she has committed a certain crime or other illegal act against the heir.
According to the above definition, what does the following behavior not cause the loss of inheritance right?
A.In the usual chat, Xiao Zhang mentioned that he did not want to inherit the legacy left by his father.
B.In order to monopolize the inheritance, Xie Qiang threatened and insulted his siblings, forcing them to give up their inheritance rights
C.At the time of his uncle's death, Xu secretly modified his will that his uncle had just made
D.In order to be able to take sole ownership of the family business at an early date, Xiao Li assassinates his stepfather

b
If your laptop was manufactured after 1999, it comes with a modem.
Which of the above decisions can be made? ?
A.Only notebook computers manufactured after 1999 have a modem
B.All notebook computers manufactured after 1999 have a modem
C.Some notebook computers manufactured after 1999 also have a modem
D.All notebook computers manufactured after 1999 do not have a modem

c
According to the Central Economic Commission and the Ministry of Supervision, the charging standards for colleges and universities will continue to be stable in 2004, and no new projects may be set up.However, the same day's "Qilu Evening News" reported that the Shandong Education Department announced that the popular professional tuition fees for ordinary colleges and universities have increased by 10%.The Changsha Evening News reported that the popular professional tuition fees of universities in Hunan can be increased by no more than 30% on the basis of the provincial unified fee standard.
Can we know from this text?
A.College fees in 2004 are the same as in 2003
B.Hunan universities charge higher fees than similar universities in Shandong
C.Some college fees will continue to rise
D.Popular majors charge more than ordinary majors

a
Five students A.B, C, D, and E participated in the college entrance examination.The relationship between their grades was: C did not have B high, E did not have D high, A was higher than B, and D was not as good as C high.
which is the highest score?
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.Ding

d
Liu Ping is studying Chinese as a foreign language, Wang Na is studying Chinese as a major, and those who have studied Chinese as a foreign language has studied courses on Chinese, and those who have studied Chinese have studied ancient Chinese.
From this, we know?
A.Liu Ping may not have studied ancient Chinese
B.Wang Na has studied Chinese as a Foreign Language
C.Liu Ping is not in a comprehensive university
D.Wang Na may be in a comprehensive university

a
The table tennis coach will select four players from the right-handed players A.B, C, and left-handed W, X, Y, and Z to participate in the Olympic Games.At least two right-handed players shall be selected and selected.All four players can be paired with each other for doubles.It is known that B cannot be paired with W, C cannot be paired with Y, and X cannot be paired with W or Y.
If A cannot be selected, how many options are there?
A.One
B.Two
C.Three
D.Four

c
Among the known ores, diamond is the hardest, followed by corundum.A kind of ore can only be marked by ore that is as hard or harder as it is.The existing ore can be marked by corundum.
So which of the following is wrong in the following conclusion?
A.This ore is not diamond
B.This ore may be corundum
C.This ore is diamond or corundum
D.This ore may not be as hard as corundum

b
As the only South American team remaining in the World Cup, Brazil will face Denmark and England in the next match.Brazilian coach Scolari is reluctant to talk about how to compete with England, and his players have maintained Sober-headed.After defeating the tenacious Belgian team, Scolari was relieved: "The first thing I think in my mind now is to relax."
Based on the above, which of the following can we not infer?
A.Brazil will never play against South American teams in this World Cup
B.Scolari is reluctant to talk about a match against England as he is not fully prepared
C.The match against Belgium was tough, so Scolari was relieved after the game
D.England must beat Denmark before playing against Brazil

b
Although the fact is that the sanitary inspection procedures for the institution preparing the banquet are much stricter than the procedures for ordinary restaurants, in the case of food poisoning reported to the municipal health department, the banquet services are more than ordinary restaurants.
Which of the following options best explains the above phenomenon?
A.At any time, more people eat at the restaurant than at the banquet
B.It is unlikely that people will establish a link between a meal and the illness that follows, unless the illness affects an interconnected group.
C.The number of food poisoning cases reported at the banquet has nothing to do with the nature of the service establishment
D.The organization that prepares the banquet knows how many people they are serving, so it is less likely to leave food than the ordinary restaurants-a major cause of food poisoning

c
On the surface, college graduates in 1982 are similar to college graduates in 1964.They are quite conservative: well-dressed and interested in tradition, respect their parents.But there is a deep-rooted difference: most of the 1982 surveyed College graduates claiming good income in their freshman year is an important reason for their decision to go to college.
which is the most supported conclusion from the text above?
A.College graduates in 1964 are actually more conservative than college graduates in 1982
B.Most 1964 college graduates in the first or second year of college changed their purpose of going to college
C.Less than half of 1964 college graduates declared their first year of college to increase their income
D.University graduates in 1964 are superficially concerned about finances compared to college graduates in 1982

b
A personal relationship is a social relationship that is inseparable from the person.It takes personal interests as the content and does not directly reflect the interests of property.Personal relationships include two types of personality relationships and identity relationships.Personality relationships are social relationships that occur based on personal interests; identity relationships are based on Specific status interests are social relationships with content.
By definition, which of the following is identity relationships?
A.Li's gift relationship between Zhang and Zhang
B.The father-son relationship formed by adopting Gong
C.Zhao's right to sign the "Frost Condensed Beauty Collection" for his creation
D.Shen loaned Liang a 10,000 yuan for free based on his friend's morale

d
Civil legal acts refer to the legal acts of citizens or legal persons to establish, change, or terminate civil rights and civil obligations, including civil legal acts with time limits and civil legal acts with conditions.The conditions attached to civil legal acts occur in the future as agreed by the actor.Uncertain legal facts.A civil juristic act with a time limit refers to a civil juristic act in which a certain period of time is agreed in the civil juristic act and the arrival of that period is the premise of the civil rights, obligations, changes, and eliminations of the actor.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is civil legal acts with conditions?
A.A and B have grievances.In order to get revenge, A privately negotiates with C and promises that if C hurts B, he will give C 500 yuan.
B.A said to B, "If the sun rises from the west, I will give you the house."
C.A and B agree: B must withdraw money 20 days after the contract is signed
D.A said to B, "If my daughter moves to another country, I will rent the house to you."

c
Service securities refer to securities with a certain service or style and artistic appreciation.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is that is not service securities?
A.Air tickets
B.Tickets
C.Grain and Oil Tickets
D.Movie Tickets

d
An appointed agency means an agency performed by an agent in accordance with the designation of a people's court or a designated agency.
Which of the following are designated agents?
A.Enterprise A grants Buyer B to sign a TV sales contract with Company C
B.Partners A.B, and C grant agency rights to each other, and each partner has the right to sign or perform contracts on behalf of other partners
C.A filed an infringement lawsuit against B for his 10-year-old son
D.The villagers' committee in the place where the minor A resides appoints B as the agent of the civil tort of A

d
Subrogation inheritance refers to a system in which the descendants of the descendant's immediate children inherit the share of the inheritance that should be inherited when the children of the heirs die before the heirs die.
By definition, which of the following is the following subrogated inheritance?
A.Heir A was killed in a car accident while inheriting his father's estate, and the property was inherited by A's son B
B.A died before his brother B, and son C of father A inherited the property of B
C.A and B couples, in an intentional accident, A and B died successively, and their son C inherited the property of the two
D.A.B is a father and son.In an accident, B is presumed to die before his father A.and B's son inherits A's legacy.

c
Supervision of supervision activities refers to the special legal supervision by the People's Procuratorate on the detention, supervision, release of criminal suspects, the activities of defendants, and the activities of reeducation through labor institutions.
According to the definition, which of the following is supervision activities?
A.Supervision by the People's Procuratorate on additional prosecutions and arrests by investigating authorities
B.Observation of the suspect by the detention center at the request of the procuratorate
C.Supervision by the Procuratorate on the legality of the activities of detaining criminal suspects
D.Special legal supervision by the procuratorate on whether the administrative proceedings of the court are lawful

a
International trade is a cross-border transaction activity.It is the circulation of goods, technology, labor services and information between a country and other countries or regions in the world.
By definition, which of the following is the following in international trade?
A.Israel Ministry of Defense orders a number of fighter jets from the United States
B.Japan's Mitsubishi Corporation exports a number of premium cars to China
C.Australian Toms signs labor export contract with a talent market in India
D.The Iraqi transitional government purchased 2,000 tons of steel from a German steel company

c
Some people use simple adders, and some people use complex computers.Using computers can complete more calculations in less time than using adders.Assuming that the two machines are the same price, then, People who use computers generally make more money per hour than people who use adders.
Which of the following hypotheses makes the conclusions of the above argument logical? ?
A.Generally speaking, accounting differs based on the number of calculations they make and the amount of money they earn.
B.The more time an accountant spends at work, the more money he earns
C.The more calculations an accountant completes, the more money he earns
D.The more accurate a calculation performed by an accountant, the higher the asking price per hour

b
Compared with the moon, the earth has many common attributes.For example, they are all stars in the solar system, they are spherical, have rotation and revolution, etc.Since there are living things on the earth, it is also likely that there are living things on the moon.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the reliability of the above inference?
A.Earth and Moon are different sizes
B.The temperature at the same place on the moon varies greatly, it can rise to 128 ℃ during the day, and drop to minus 180 ℃ at night.
C.The moon is far from the earth, and no living things are possible
D.Earth and Moon have different generation times

b
W-12 is a virus that seriously damages the growth of grains, which causes a large amount of grain reduction every year.Scientists have found that inserting a gene extracted from W-12 into the genes of cereals that are susceptible to infection can make This cereal produces antibodies to W-12, thereby greatly reducing losses.
All the following items, if true, can strengthen the above conclusions, except?
A.Experience has shown that two grains are grown on the same land one after the other.If the first grain is not susceptible to a virus, the second grain is usually the same.
B.When plants obtain antibodies to a virus through genetic mutation, it will change some of their growth characteristics
C.Plant-derived antibodies passed to offspring
D.When plants obtain antibodies to one virus through genetic mutation, they will increase resistance to other viruses

c
According to a 1995 World Health Organization survey report, 70% of lung cancer patients have a history of smoking, 80% of whom have a history of smoking for more than 10 years, which shows that smoking increases the risk of lung cancer.
Which of the following best supports this assertion?
A.The number of male smokers increased rapidly during the period from 1950 to 1970, and the number of female smokers also increased.
B.Although countries have vigorously promoted the harmful effects of smoking, the proportion of smokers has increased significantly since the 1950s.By the 1990s, adult smokers had reached 50% of the adult population.
C.The number of people who have no history of smoking or have quit smoking for more than five years exceeded 40% of the total population in 1995
D.The number of underage smokers also increased in 1995, becoming a social problem

b
Xinhua University has a nursing home in Beidaihe.It receives faculty and staff every summer.Last summer, the occupancy rate of the nursing home, i.e.the utilization rate of all beds, was 87%.The proportion of faculty and staff who have been here to recuperate this summer has dropped to 8%, but the occupancy rate has risen to 92%.
If the following items are true, they all help explain the seemingly contradictory data above, except?
A.The school has newly established a science school this year, and the total number of faculty and staff has increased significantly compared with last year.
B.After the renovation last winter, the quality of the facilities in the nursing home has improved significantly, greatly increasing the attractiveness to the nursing home
C.The total number of guest rooms in the nursing home remains unchanged this year, but the proportion of single rooms has increased from 5% to 10%; double rooms have increased from 40% to 60%
D.Some rooms of the sanatorium last year have been changed to a pedicure health room or chess and entertainment room this year.

d
The relevant departments of Dongpo City planned a selection activity of "ranking the ranking of the city's ideal living quarters".The method is to select ten indicators, which involve the residential hardware facilities (house quality, supporting facilities, etc.), environmental sanitation, greening degree, public security Condition, the convenience of transportation, etc.Each index is evaluated based on the actual quality or quantity, and a certain value from 1 to 10 points, and then the average of the ten points is obtained, and the ranking is ranked according to its level.
All the following items must be assumed for the feasibility of the above plan, except
A.The importance of each indicator is basically equal
B.The measurement of various indicators can be more accurately quantified
C.The conditions reflected by the measurement data of various indicators have a long-term stability
D.If the content of the index is modified accordingly, this selection method is general, for example, it can be used to evaluate "ranking of key middle schools in the city"

a
Although the sanitary inspection procedures for banquet establishments are much stricter than those of ordinary restaurants, in the cases of food poisoning reported to the municipal health department, there are still more banquet services than ordinary restaurants.
Which of the following options is true and can best explain the apparent contradiction in the problem stem?
A.People are unlikely to make a connection between a meal and the illness that follows, unless the illness affects an interconnected group
B.The organization hosting the banquet clearly knows how many people they will serve, so it is less likely than regular restaurants to have leftover food, which is a major source of food poisoning
C.Many restaurants provide personal catering services as well as catering services
D.The number of reported cases of food poisoning during the banquet has nothing to do with the services provided by the banquet host and customers

b
A.B, and C are from the school football team, table tennis team, and basketball team.There is only one correct statement: (1) A is a football team; (2) B is not a football team; (3) C is not For the basketball team.
Which team are A.B, and C?
A.A is for the football team; B is for the basketball team; C is for the table tennis team
B.A is for the basketball team; B is for the football team; C is for the table tennis team
C.A is for the table tennis team; B is for the football team; C is for the basketball team
D.A is for the table tennis team; B is for the basketball team; C is for the football team

a
To sell a product, the quality of the product and the integrity of the dealer are indispensable.
All the following items are consistent with the conclusion of the question, except
A.A product is slow-selling, indicating that he is either of poor quality, or the dealer lacks integrity
B.A product can only sell well if it is of high quality and distributed by honest people
C.A product is selling well, indicating that it is a high-quality and honest dealer
D.A product cannot sell well unless it has a distributor of high quality and integrity

a
In addition to corporate purchases, the average price of buying a new, just-released car has increased by 30% in the past 5 years.In the same period, the proportion of car purchases to the average household budget has not changed.Therefore, in the past 5 years The average family budget must also have increased by 30%.
The above discussion is based on which of the following assumptions?
A.Over the past 5 years, the average number of new home-made cars purchased by each household has not changed
B.Over the past 5 years, the average family has spent on car-related costs has not changed.
C.Over the past 5 years, the average household expenditure on food and housing has not changed
D.Over the past 5 years, the cost of spending on new freshly manufactured cars nationwide has increased by 30%

d
The first fact: the effectiveness of TV advertising is getting worse and worse.A tracking survey shows that among the various products launched by TV advertising, the percentage of products that viewers can remember their brand name decreases year by year.The second fact: In a continuous TV commercial, the first and last impressions of the audience are more impressive, and the impressions of the ads broadcast in the middle are generally much shallower.
Which of the following, if true, can make the second fact a reasonable explanation of the first fact?
A.In recent years, the average time allowed for continuous advertising in TV shows has gradually decreased
B.In recent years, the average time people spend watching TV has gradually decreased
C.In recent years, the average time taken by a continuous TV commercial has gradually increased
D.In recent years, the average number of advertisements appearing in a continuous TV commercial has gradually increased

c
Industrial structure policy refers to the policies formulated by the government to promote the adjustment, optimization and upgrading of the country's industrial structure within a certain period of time.
Which of the following policies is an industrial structure policy?
A.Industrial organization policy
B.Industrial Technology Policy
C.Protection and support policies for emerging industries
D.Policies to improve human resources

c
Administrative guidance means that within the scope of matters under its jurisdiction, the national administrative organs, for specific citizens, enterprises, social groups, etc., formulate inductive regulations, policies, plans, and other regulatory documents and adopt specific models, recommendations, and advice , Encourage, advocate, limit, and other non-mandatory methods, supplemented by interest inducement, urge the counterpart to voluntarily do or not to perform certain actions in order to achieve certain administrative purposes.
Which of the following are administrative guidance
A.Family planning
B.Restraining skyrocketing prices
C.Ban smoking in public
D.Traffic rules

d
A criminal group refers to a criminal organization established by three or more persons to commit a certain crime or several crimes,
Which of the following are not criminal groups:
A.In order to subvert our country, a country has sent a spy organization with dozens of people to continuously steal our confidential information.
B.Lee, Wang, and Zhong were arrested for gang theft multiple times
C.Wang did not think about repentance after he was released from prison, gathered more than 10 people in the local area, continued to bully men and women, and ran rampant villages.
D.When reviewing a corruption case, as many as two hundred people were involved.

b
Government procurement, also known as public procurement, refers to the needs of governments at all levels and their affiliates in order to carry out daily government activities or provide services to the public.Under financial supervision, legal methods, methods, and procedures are adopted for goods, engineering or Purchase of services,
Which of the following are not government procurement
A.Paving bricks for purchasing walkways in a city
B.New Elevator for a Hospital Elevator Upgrade Project
C.Procurement of heating coal by some municipal units in a city
D.Procurement of construction materials for a staff dormitory by a department

c
According to the Criminal Law of China, criminals sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment or detention may be temporarily out of prison if: (1) they have serious illness and need medical treatment outside the prison; (2) those who are pregnant or are nursing their own babies Women.
Which of the following situations can be temporarily executed outside prison:
A.Ma is sentenced to detention, claiming that his daughter is in elementary school and needs his transfer
B.Zhou was sentenced to life imprisonment and attempted suicide several times in prison, making life unmanageable
C.Liu was sentenced to 3 years in prison and suffered serious illness during service and needed to be seen outside prison
D.Han was sentenced to 5 years' imprisonment, claiming that his husband works outside the country, his mother is seriously ill, and his son is young and needs his care

d
l Commodity spread refers to the price difference between the same product due to different circulation links, purchase and sales regions, purchase and sales seasons, and different quality.
Which of the following are commodity spreads
A.A pound of white radish in spring, and a pound of carrot in summer
B.Audi cars differ from Alto cars
C."Political Economics" published by Chunfeng Press is 5 yuan cheaper than a book of the same name published by Qiuyu Press
D.The salt of A land is cheaper than that of B land because A land

a
Administrative leadership, as a behavior, refers to the process of dominance, leadership and guidance of the executive by the executive in order to achieve certain administrative goals in a certain administrative environment.
Which of the following are executive leaders
A.Taxation Bureau calls on taxpayers to file online
B.An institution establishes an information center to recruit university graduates
C.Trade unions organize everyone to participate in tree planting activities
D.Documents between government agencies

b
Recidivism refers to a crime that is committed on the basis of a number of identical crimes, committing a crime several times in a row, and committing the same crime.
Which of the following are consecutive offenses
A.Zhao illegally detained Liu in his store for two days because he suspected that Liu had stolen property from his store
B.In order to resell dead beef for profit, Zhao placed seven times in the village road on the vegetable field with stalks or leaves sprinkled with liquid rat medicinal herbs, poisoning 7 farm cattle in 6 villages in the village.
C.Li himself forged and fabricated official documents, certificates, and seals of state organs, and then established a financial institution without authorization
D.Zhang has been alleged to have stolen a neighbor's TV

b
Indirect intentional refers to the psychological attitude of the perpetrator who knows that his actions will lead to socially harmful consequences, and intentionally let them go.
Which of the following are indirectly intentional
A.Li hates Zhao because his neighbor Zhao often abuses her, find someone to intimidate Zhao, and Zhao died of a sudden heart attack due to excessive scaring
B.One night at night, Li heard a woman outside her house calling for help.Because she was afraid that she would not go out to check, the police found that a woman was killed near Li's house the next day.
C.Li closed the electric switch without knowing that Zhao was repairing the machine, causing Zhao to be killed by electric shock
D.Li saw a senior man crossing the road during high-speed driving, but did not slow down and hit the senior man seriously.

c
Experiments have found that a small amount of a certain oral substance can make people lie in the polygraph test without being detected.The psychological stress caused by polygraph can be effectively suppressed by this type of tranquilizer drug without significant side effects.Therefore, these Drugs can effectively reduce the psychological stress of daily life without significant side effects.
Which of the following is most likely to be hypothesized by a reasoning argument?
A.Any type of tranquilizer has the effect of suppressing psychological stress
B.If the tester is prohibited from taking any medication, the polygraph will have a completely accurate test result
C.The psychological stress caused by the polygraph is similar to the psychological pressure people face in daily life
D.More and more people are facing increasing psychological pressure in daily life

d
In the 1970s, there was an oversupply of college graduates, which reduced the average annual income of college graduates to a level that is only 18% higher than that of workers holding only high school diplomas.By the 1980s, college graduates The average annual income is 43% higher than that of workers who only hold a high school diploma, although the supply of college graduates has not declined in the 1970s to the late 1980s.
Which of the following, if correct in the late 1980s, best reconciled the obvious differences above?
A.The economy has slowed, reducing demand for college students
B.The quality of high school education has improved
C.More high schools offer them career guidance programs than in the 1970s
D.For the first time in 20 years, an oversupply of job seekers with only a high school diploma

c
If carbon dioxide gas is generated in excess, it will accumulate in the atmosphere, causing an unpleasant greenhouse effect in the global climate.In places covered by green vegetation, especially in forests, through photosynthesis, green plants absorb carbon dioxide in the air and emit Oxygen.Therefore, in this sense, the destruction of green vegetation, especially forests, means the production of carbon dioxide.The consumption of plant-generated fuel by factories produces a large amount of carbon dioxide gas, which includes wood, coal, and oil.
Which of the following conclusions best supports the above conclusions?
A.If the green vegetation on the earth, especially the forest, is severely damaged, the global climate will inevitably have a greenhouse effect
B.As long as the green vegetation on the earth, especially forests, is effectively protected, even if workers consume excessive amounts of plant-generated fuel, it will not cause the global climate to have a greenhouse effect.
C.If the plant-generated fuel consumed by factories in various countries exceeds a certain limit, it will inevitably cause the global climate to have a greenhouse effect, unless the global green vegetation, especially the forest, is sufficiently well protected
D.As long as the plant-generated fuel consumed by factories in various countries is controlled within a certain limit, the greenhouse effect of the global climate can be avoided

b
All principals who really care about teacher welfare are proven to be well-managed principals; while those who really care about teacher welfare first focus on solving middle-aged and young teachers' housing.Therefore, those who don't focus first on solving the problem The principals of the young and middle-aged teachers' housing are not the principals who manage the law properly.
In order for the above argument to be true, which of the following must be true?
A.The housing problem of young and middle-aged teachers is the most prominent problem in the welfare of teachers.
B.All principals who manage well are principals who care about teacher welfare
C.The proportion of young and middle-aged teachers has generally increased significantly in recent years
D.All principals who first focus on addressing young and middle-aged teachers' housing are principals who manage well

a
People's fear of flying planes is actually unjustified.According to statistics, in 1995, the number of deaths caused by ground traffic accidents in the world exceeded 800,000, and in the 10 years from 1990 to 1999, the world died of air crashes every year There are less than 500 people, and in these 10 years, less than 25 people have suffered an average annual air crash in China.
In order to evaluate the validity of the above argument, which of the following questions is most important?
A.During the above 10 years, how many people use ground transportation and how many people use the shipping
B.In the above 10 years, how many people use ground transportation and how many people use shipping on average every year in China
C.In the above 10 years, how many people in our country die each year from ground traffic accidents
D.During the above 10 years, was the highest number of deaths caused by ground traffic accidents worldwide in 1995

a
Among the seven members of the newly elected school student union of a school, there is one Dalian, two northerners, one Fuzhou, two special students (that is, students with special expertise), and three Communist Party members, assuming the above introduction involves To all the members of the student union,
Which of the following judgments about the members of the Student Union are not inconsistent with the questions, except for?
A.Both specialty students are members of the Communist Party
B.Communists are not all Southerners
C.Specialties are Southerners
D.Dalian people are special students

d
A survey by a city ’s sports committee on amateur sports enthusiasts in the city shows that all bridge enthusiasts love to go and some go enthusiasts love martial arts; all martial arts enthusiasts do not like aerobics and bridge enthusiasts Aerobics,
If the above conclusions are true, which of the following cannot be true?
A.All Go fans also love bridge
B.Some bridge lovers like martial arts
C.Aerobics loves to Go
D.Go lovers love aerobics

d
A civil contract is an agreement to establish, change, or terminate a civil relationship between parties who are equal subjects,
Which of the following is not a civil contract?
A.Contract of sale
B.Contract of carriage
C.House lease contract
D.Farmer land contract

b
Civil servants are staff members who perform public duties in accordance with the law, are included in the administrative establishment, and are financed by state finances.
Which of the following are not civil servants?
A.Cadres at all levels
B.Judges of the East City Court
C.The staff of Fuzhou Customs
D.Notary of Haidian Notary Office

b
Law reflects the will of the ruling class, a general term for rules of conduct that are formulated or recognized by the state and guaranteed to be enforced by state coercion.
Which of the following statements is correct?
A.Law is essentially a manifestation of the public will of members of society
B.Law performs both political and social functions
C.Law is ultimately determined by historical traditions, customs, and state structure
D.Law is not affected by objective laws

c
Intellectual property refers to the collective name of rights produced in accordance with law based on creative intellectual achievements and industrial and commercial marks.
Which of the following statements about intellectual property is correct?
A.is a property right
B.is a kind of personal right with the characteristics of sustainability
C.Taking the intangible object as the subject and having both the right of the person and property
D.Obtained in one country, that is, under the common protection of all countries in the world

c
Commodity spread refers to the price difference between the same product due to different circulation links, purchasing and sales regions, different purchasing seasons and quality.
Which of the following does not belong to the commodity spread?
A.The same book has a different value when it is first published than two years later
B.One pound of radish in the morning market, and fifty cents in the afternoon
C.Fukang sedan differs in value from Volkswagen
D.Salt inland A is cheaper than land B because of land inland A

b
State compensation refers to the illegal exercise of administrative, reconnaissance, inspection, trial, and prison management functions by state agencies and their staff, violation of the legitimate rights and interests of companies, legal persons, and other organizations and causing damage.The legal system for compensation,
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following state compensation?
A.A soldier died because of public office, the state-recognized him as a martyr, and gave his family a 20,000 yuan annual pension.
B.The industrial and commercial authorities have revoked the business license of a real estate owner by mistake, causing it to give a one-time compensation of 20,000 yuan.
C.Civil servant Lee lost more than 3,000 yuan for losing a gold necklace borrowed from a neighbor
D.The state finance allocates part of the tax revenue each year for poverty alleviation

a
A criminal group refers to a criminal organization established by three or more people to commit one or more crimes multiple times.
Which of the following belong to criminal groups?
A.In order to subvert our country's government, a country has sent a spy organization with dozens of people to continuously steal our confidential information.
B.Lee, Wang, and Zhong were arrested for gang theft, but Li had not participated in the theft of the two of them before
C.Two brothers in a village bully males and females, run rampant and end up arrested for their crimes
D.When reviewing a corruption case, as many as 200 people were involved

c
National common language refers to the language commonly used by people of the same ethnic group to exchange thoughts, feelings, and contacts in production and life.
Which of the following languages does not belong to the common national language?
A.Chinese
B.Mongolian
C.Some acronyms used by Internet users
D.A language similar to the Tatars spoken by one of the northern ethnic groups in Vietnam

a
Since 005, the annual sales of leading cars have continued to increase, and this year has exceeded the annual sales of world-famous brand A cars.At the same time, the repair volume of leading cars due to engine problems has also continued to rise.
Which of the following conclusions is most likely to be derived from the above conclusions?
A.Although the number of leading car repairs has increased year by year, this problem does not affect people's choice of leading cars
B.Engine problems of leading cars are minor compared to other brand vehicles
C.Issues affecting leading car sales before 2005 have been resolved
D.A car repair rate must be higher than the leading car

b
Xiao Wang complained that his mother always turned on the TV too much, which affected him to read, and asked his mother to turn off the TV a little.But the mother said that the sound of the TV was not loud, because his father was reading newspapers by his side, Say the TV sound is too loud.So refuse to turn down the TV sound.
Which of the following is true, is that the mother's refusal to turn down the TV sound is wrong?
A.Mother never reads, and she does not understand the environment needed to read
B.My father prepared his own earplugs when reading the newspaper.
C.Mother only watches TV during dinner
D.Father is old

b
Despite the advent of winter, the price of oil used by industrial consumers is particularly low this year and is likely to continue, so unless the winter is particularly cold, the price of natural gas used by industrial consumers may also remain low.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Long-term weather forecasts predict a mild winter
B.Industrial users who consume large amounts of natural gas can quickly and cheaply switch to using oil as an alternative
C.The largest sources of supply for both oil and gas are in subtropics and are unlikely to be affected by climate
D.Oil sales are more vulnerable to severe weather than natural gas sales

b
Only one of A.B, and C can swim.A said: "I will", B said: "I won't", and C said: "A won't".
If only one of these three sentences is true, then what will swim is
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.Unable to judge

d
The peaceful coexistence of mankind is an unachievable ideal.Statistics show that since 1945, 12 battles have been fought every day, including international wars of all sizes, and armed battles in the civil war.
Which of the following, if true, would best challenge the above conclusion?
A.From 1945 to this century, diplomatic restraint has been shown between countries and border conflicts have rarely occurred.
B.Modern warfare focuses on deterrence rather than attacks, such as the intensifying nuclear arms race and the resulting Cold War between the East and West
C.Since human beings, human conflicts for resources and territory have not stopped
D.A total of 30 wars broke out in the world in the 1960s, and less than 10 wars in the 1980s

a
Administrative expropriation refers to the act of a country's government to obtain the property owner of a counterparty in a compulsory manner without compensation based on public needs and by an administrative agency in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations.
Which of the following are not administrative collections
A.Collection of fines
B.Collection of mineral resources compensation fees
C.Collection of road maintenance fees
D.Collection of port construction fees

b
Arrest refers to the compulsory method used by public security organs, people's procuratorates, and people's courts to prevent defendants from escaping or obstructing investigations and trials, or continuing to endanger society, and deprive them of their personal freedom according to law.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are arrests:
A.Zhang injured Lee because of a business dispute.Although it does not constitute a crime, the public security agency fined him 100 yuan and detained him for 15 days.
B.Tian, a criminal, stole the property of RMB 150,000, in order to escape the hunt, and injured a police officer.After the police seized him, he asked the People's Procuratorate for approval and sent him to the detention center.
C.During the trial of an economic dispute case, the defendant Wang's wife made a lot of noise, slandered the presiding judge, and severely disrupted the court order.Accordingly, the court decided to detain him for five days.
D.Chen attempted to escape after being robbed and murdered, and was seized by the villagers and transferred to the village committee.The village cadres held him for three days.

b
Living gifts are gifts given to children, grandchildren, and other relatives when the donor decides to live, or for vacations and the establishment of trust funds.
Among the following options,
A.Mr.Wang made a will before his death, leaving 90% of the property to his only granddaughter
B.Chairman Li gave 80% of his property and the entire group to his daughter, and then went to live in a mountain village by himself
C.Grandma Wang asked her grandson to marry in her house and go to a nursing home by herself
2 years after Mr.Li disappeared, his son inherited his property and one day he suddenly appeared at home

d
The right of formation refers to the right of the right holder to change the legal relationship between himself and others according to his own behavior.
Which of the following are forming rights
A.During the performance of the sales contract, because the seller is temporarily out of stock, the seller has to terminate the contract
B.During the performance of the rental contract, the lessee requests a reduction in rent
C.During the performance of the custody contract, the custodian requested an increase in custody fees
D.During the performance of the loan contract, the creditor actively canceled the debt of the debtor

c
"Blue Revolution", as a modern agricultural technological revolution, is a collective term for a major technological revolution in which human beings ask for food from waters.
Which of the following behaviors are inconsistent with the "Blue Revolution"
A.Create a spawning environment for fish and return juveniles to the bay in a timely manner
B.Use science and technology to raise fish in the sea, gather them and catch them when they grow up
C.Farming around the sea and vigorously developing the animal feed industry
D.Renovating tidal flats, planting submarine fodder, and establishing submarine pastures

d
Cybercrime refers to the behavior that endangers society by using computer networks as criminal tools or attack targets in cyberspace.It has the characteristics of the crime scene and the virtual nature of the crime, the concealment of the criminal behavior and the intelligence of the criminal means.
Which of the following behaviors are not cybercrime
A.Zhang opened a website that provided 120 pornographic movies online, with thousands of visitors
B.Li and a female netizen "naked chat", without the other party's knowledge, captured multiple nude photos of the other party, emailed them to the other party by e-mail and extorted 5,000 yuan
C.College student Wang uses the machine working in a network company to enter the game database, steal "gold coins" that can be exchanged for game time, and sell them on the network to obtain illegal income.
D.Zhao and female college student Liu have chatted on the Internet several times.Both of them have a good impression on each other, so they agreed to meet and chat.After the meeting, Zhao saw Liu was very beautiful and had an evil idea, and dragged Liu to a quiet place to implement it.Rape

d
Instrumental attacks refer to attacks with target guidance (the attack is used as a tool to reach the target) and knowledge base.
According to this definition, Which of the following are instrumental attacks:
A.Night shift home, robbed, scared away with a fruit knife
B.Two cars rear-end on the road, the driver comes down
C.The classmate humiliates Xiao Gang, and Xiao-Gang picks up the cup and hits the classmate in anger.
D.The thief pushed an elderly woman to the ground and snatched her wallet

b
Unfair competition means that an enterprise uses improper or unfair means to increase the market share of its products, which creates an unfair market environment for competitors producing similar products and seriously damages the interests of its competitors.
By definition, Which of the following behaviors are not unfair competition:
A.A food factory sells our instant noodles at a price lower than the cost, causing the original best-selling B food factory instant noodles to be unsaleable
B.In the 1980s, IBM invested a lot of money in the development of key technologies for ultra-large computers.After successful application for patents, IBM's overwhelming situation in the ultra-large computer field in the 1980s
C.Company A and Company B both produce weight-loss medicines.In order to expand its market share and increase sales profits, Company A made a publicity on TV stations and some newspapers, pointing out the shortcomings and side effects of Company B's drugs, which led to consumers refusing to buy them.Company B's products
D.In order to compete with Company B for market share, Company A made a movie advertisement showing that a fighter with the emblem of A dropped a heavy bomb on the warship (marked B)

b
Norm refers to the expectation that people are required to act, how to think, and how to experience in a specific environment.It is a relatively fixed behavior.
Based on the above definition, which of the following behaviors embodies the norm?
A.A person who has lived by the sea from a young age worked in the grassland and slowly adapted to life there
B.Lawyer's calm, steady, objective and sense of justice in court
C.Xiao Zheng is wearing a vest and shorts and wearing slippers on her feet to attend a friend's wedding
D.In order to make everyone have fun, we have developed new rules of the game

d
Gao Ming must be a master swimmer because he goes swimming every day.
Which of the following premise is based on the above statement?
A.All swimming masters go swimming every day
B.If a person is a master swimmer, he will naturally like to swim and go swimming every day
C.If not going swimming every day, Gaoming may not be a master swimmer
D.Unless they are master swimmers, people do not go swimming every day

b
If the weather is fine, Xiao Liu will go on an outing, if his wife does not go with him, Xiao Liu will not go on an outing; if the unit is in a hurry, Xiao Liu will not go on an outing; if today is not Saturday, Xiao Liu will not go on an outing.
Assuming the above statement is correct, then if Xiao Liu goes on an outing, he cannot determine which of the following is correct?
A.Wife and Xiao Liu go outing together
B.Fine weather
C.Xiao Liu's unit has no urgent matters
D.Today is Saturday

b
After a logic test, Lan Lan, Jing Jing, and Ling Ling discussed the test results together.Lan Lan said: "If I can get 100 points, Jing Jing can also get 100 points." Jing Jing said: "I think Lan Lan can I got 100 points, I ca n’t get 100 points."Lingling said," If I can get 100 points, Jingjing can't get 100 points."In fact, after the test results came out, it turned out that only one of them said Truth.
Which of the following statements is true?
A.Lingling is telling the truth, Jingjing did not score 100 points
B Lanlan is telling the truth, Jingjing scored 100 points
C.Jingjing is telling the truth, Jingjing did not score 100 points
D.Lingling is telling the truth, Lanlan scored 100 points

c
If all Cretans are lying and Merak is a Crete, Mela lies.
Starting from the above proposition, it is logical to deduce: "Some Cretans do not lie", which of the following options need to be added?
A.Mela does not lie, and all Cretans lie
B.Mela doesn't lie, and Mela is not a Cretan
C.Mela doesn't lie, and Mela is a Crete
D.Mela lies and Mela is not a Cretan

c
In order to reduce corporate wage costs and weather the financial crisis, Great Wall Steel plans to reduce some employees.After discussion and decision by the board of directors of the factory, the first employees to be reduced are those with extremely inefficient wages, rather than layoffs based on length of service, as some companies .
Which of the following premise does the decision of Great Wall Steel Works best have?
A.The efficiency of each employee is different
B.Inefficient employees are not good employees
C.There are feasible ways to judge the efficiency of work
D.Every employee, especially those skilled workers, will have his own skills

a
In order to realize her dream of returning to her slim figure in the past, Mrs.Wu, who was getting fatter and taller, started to use French Martha diet pills.She took them strictly in accordance with the instructions for use of the medicine and did not dare to slack off.Still not alleviated.Visible, French Mansa diet pills are completely ineffective?
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above conclusion?
A.Mrs.Wu will be fatter if you use French Mantha diet pills
B.French Mansa diet pill has obtained the health food approval certificate of the Ministry of Health of China
C.French Mansa slimming pill sales top three similar weight-loss products for three consecutive years
D.French Mansa diet pills are more expensive than domestic diet pills

a
The occupations of Xiao Zhou, Xiao Wu, Xiao Deng, and Xiao Wang are: dancer, nurse, teacher and costume designer.Also know: Xiao Zhou has a higher salary than a nurse, Xiao Zheng has a lower salary than Xiao Wu, dancer The salary is lower than that of a costume designer.The costume designer is either Xiao Zheng or Xiao Wang.
Based on the above statement, which of the following is true?
A.The occupations of four people can be determined
B.Only three of the four occupations can be determined
C.Occupation of only two of four people can be determined
D.Occupations of four people are uncertain

b
Between 1950 and 1970, the number of German teachers continued to increase, but it was slower than the growth rate of the country's total population.
Which of the following conflicts with the above?
A.Between 1950 and 1970, the proportion of German college students engaged in teacher occupation increased after graduation
B.German teacher share of the total population remained unchanged from 1950 to 1970
C.Between 1950 and 1970, Germany's funding for teachers nearly tripled
D.Between 1950 and 1970, the proportion of German teachers among their peers fell from 10% to 9%

a
Space trash, or space debris, is the product of human space activities, including rocket arrows and satellite bodies that complete tasks, rocket ejections, discards during space missions, and fragments generated by collisions between space objects.The main source of pollution of the space environment.
Space garbage is
A.Falling paint particles from spacecraft
B.Dust from the explosion of the space shuttle Challenger after 72 seconds
C.Dust formed by residues from the Milky Way's youngest supernova "Cassiopeia-α" explosion
D.Rocket booster that fell into the atmosphere after the space shuttle took off

c
Low-carbon travel refers to low-carbon dioxide emissions, low energy consumption, low pollution, and environmentally friendly travel.
Among the following, which of the following is not a low-carbon trip is
A.Walk
B.Take the subway
C.Take a taxi
D.Carpooling to work

d
Thermal convection refers to the phenomenon that heat is transferred by the flow of liquid or gas
Among the following phenomena, the thermal convection phenomenon is
A.In the winter, you can feel the iron rods and wooden sticks of the same size with your hands.
B.Snow covers the ground in winter, but winter wheat is not easy to freeze to death
C.Hot summer, people like to wear light clothes
D.Place the paper windmill on the top edge of the lampshade, and the windmill will rotate

d
The crime of counterfeiting currency refers to the behavior of imitating the page, color, and shape of the national currency by using various methods to make fake currency and impersonate the real currency.
Among the following options, the crime of counterfeiting money is
A.Humou processed 100 sheets of 100 yuan RMB into 200 yuan of 100 yuan and used them for shopping multiple times
B.Su bought a fake RMB 5000 at the roadside for 850 RMB and used it for shopping
C.In order to show off his painting skills, Wang carefully drew a realistic one hundred yuan, and brought it to the office to show to others
D.Lee used his relatives in the printing plant to print a large number of Burmese coins and used them to buy goods on the border

a
Emergency hedging refers to an act that, in order to protect the state, the public interest, the person, property, and other rights of yourself or others from the dangers that are occurring, must not be used to damage another minor legitimate right.
Which of the following situations are classified as emergency hedging
A.Du was chased by a crazy dog on the street, and in a hurry, opened the door of Liu's house by the road and rushed into the house.
B.Li Mo, a fire brigade of a county fire brigade, was fighting a fire in a villager's house.He was burned because he had not entered the house to rescue Li's son.
C.On the way to work, Wang rescued a raped girl and was attacked by a gangster.Wang wang punched the gangster and killed him on the spot.
D.The storekeeper was threatened by the gangster, opened the warehouse door lock, and let the gangster snatch more than 4,000 yuan of goods from the factory.

c
Arbitration refers to an agreement between the parties to a dispute before or after the occurrence of justice, and a voluntary decision to hand over the dispute to the third sheet for a ruling.Contract disputes and other property rights disputes that can occur between them can be arbitrated.Which of the following disputes cannot be arbitrated: ① marriage, adoption, guardianship, support, inheritance disputes ② administrative disputes that should be handled by administrative agencies according to law.
Which of the following disputes may apply to arbitration:
A.Disputes between Cai and her husband Liu due to property distribution at the time of divorce and ownership of custody of their children
B.Disputes between a group and a collective economic organization over a land contract
C.The dispute between a trading company and a logistics company in fulfilling a contract for the carriage of goods
D.Disputes arising from Zheng, a private business owner, who refused to accept the fine of the administrative department for industry and commerce

c
The crime of embezzlement, for the purpose of illegal possession, transfers others to their own financial custody, and the forgotten or buried property is illegally owned, with a large amount, and the act of refusing to return
Among the following, one of the crimes of embezzlement is
A.A goes to B's office to send documents, and B is not there.A sees a passbook on the floor under B's desk (the passbook has no password) and picks it up.B cannot find the passbook when he returns to the office, but sees the table A found the document and asked if he saw his passbook.A said that he did not see it.A went to the bank to take away the 5,000 yuan from the passbook after work.
B.Bing Xianji was bored when he carelessly tapped on the ATM keyboard, and accidentally touched a button, the ATM spit out a 100 yuan bill.Seeing this scenario, C continued to operate until the cash was 10,000 yuan.Then leave quickly
C.B went to a restaurant for dinner and forgot to take his wallet with him when he left.There was 50,000 yuan in cash in the bag, but the waiter at the restaurant refused to return the wallet to B.
D.Zhang knew that Liu's child had been abducted by others.Liu might pay the ransom according to the gangster's request, that is, he quietly followed Liu all day long.One day, I saw that Liu buried a plastic bag under the bridge hole.After Liu left, Zhang dug out his pocket and got 200,000 yuan in cash.

b
Exogenous motivation refers to the completion of a certain behavior by a person in order to obtain material or social rewards or to avoid punishment.The completion of the behavior is for the result of the behavior, not the behavior itself.
Of the following options, one that is not exogenous is
A.Social status
B.Realizing personal potential
C.Leadership praise
D.Bonus compensation

b
The crime of robbery is the act of forcibly robbing public and private property by using violence, coercion or other methods on the spot for the owner and custodian of the property for the purpose of illegal possession.
Of the following, one of the crimes of robbery is
A.Lee embedded in Wang's home and stole it.After being found, he fled with the stolen goods and Wang pursued it.Lee saw that an unextinguished motorcycle was next to the grocery store.The owner was smoking next to the car and rode on the motorcycle.
B.Zheng, riding a motorcycle, saw Tian Mo walking with a delicate leather bag, pulling the leather bag from the back, trying to snatch the bag.Tian may grab the leather bag.In this scenario, Zheng suddenly accelerated the motorcycle, and Tugging at the purse and robbing it, Tian was immediately severely injured.
C.One night, when I saw Zhao walking on the street, he wilfully ransacked him and took away his purse and other things.
D.Lin sneaked into Hu's house and stole valuables.After being found by the owner, he fled and hid in the haystack of the peasant for a night.The next day when the village chief Gao passed by, he found that Lin's whereabouts were strange.Lin thought Gao Discovered his theft last night, hit Gao and seriously injured him

d
Now investing in the gold sector will be a profitable business activity.A survey by China Gold magazine revealed that 88% of the magazine's readers are planning to buy a batch of gold bars recently, while investing in gold Market research shows that the gold bullion purchase and redemption business currently launched each year can only meet 70% of the purchase demand.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the correctness of the investment proposal above?
A.About half of those who buy gold bars make mortgages to buy gold bars
B.In the first two weeks of the bullion purchase and redemption business, the bullion bar sold only 20% of the total
C.About half of the people who bought gold bars have ever invested in gold
D.Only 20% of those who claimed to buy gold bars actually bought them

a
The Tujia dog is a small hairless beast that lives only in the southern United States.Before humans settled in the southern United States, Tujia's natural enemies were not strong, so Tujia prospered in the southern United States.When humans began to hunt them, Tujia dogs became extinct Therefore, it must be that people's minefields have caused its extinction.
Which of the following, if true, has most severely weakened the reasoning above?
A.While humans settled in the southern United States, they also brought new species that may be natural enemies of Tujia dogs.
B.Since the first humans settled in the southern United States, Tujia dogs have remained in some parts of the southern United States for about 300 years
C.Some breeds of Tujia dogs run faster than leopards
D.In the southern United States people hunt another mammal that is easily preyed by natural enemies but has never been extinct

a
The World Health Organization has pointed out that the suicide rate worldwide has risen by 60%, especially in developing countries.This phenomenon is even more serious.Most suicides occur in Asia, and regional suicides account for 60% of the global total.Due to their large populations, India and Japan account for 40% of the total number of suicides...In addition, suicide has become the third leading cause of death among young people aged 15 to 34.
Based on the information in the stem, which of the following options can be determined?
A.It is impossible to determine the increase in the suicide rates in Japan based on the information.
B.Adolescent suicide in Japan is serious
C.Suicide among women in India is serious
D.China's suicide rate rises above 60%

b
A.B, C, and D are highly talented artists.They are dancers, painters, singers, and writers.It is not yet possible to determine the professional field in which each of them is engaged.Known: (1) One night, A and C attended the singer's first performance.(2) The artist once painted portraits for both B and the writer.(3) The writer is preparing to write a biography of A.and his biography of Ding is a bestseller.(4) A has never seen C.
Which of the following options correctly describes everyone's identity?
A.A is a singer, B is a writer, C is a painter, and D is a dancer
B.A is a dancer, B is a singer, C is a writer, and D is a painter
C.A is a painter, B is a writer, C is a singer, and D is a writer
D.A is a writer, B is a painter, C is a dancer, and D is a singer

a
Zhao, Qian, Sun, and Li both have grown-ups and children.When weighing them, Zhao and Qian weighed almost the same weight as Sun and Li; swapped Qian and Li, Zhao and Li The weight of the two was significantly larger than that of Sun and Qian, and the weight of Zhao and Sun was still less than that of Qian.
According to the stem information, which of the following is the correct order of weight for Zhao, Qian, Sun, and Li (from heavy to light)?
A.Li, Qian, Zhao, Sun
B.Li, Qian, Sun, Zhao
C.Qian, Sun, Li, Zhao
D.Qian, Zhao, Li, Sun

b
An attacking army must have "three major pieces": one is an aircraft carrier formation, one is a strategic aircraft, and one is an overseas military base.At present, China has "nothing" and cannot form an attack chain.Therefore, the smart Rand company believes: "China is still far from 'destroying' the regional military balance."
Which of the following options is the same as the problem in the argument?
A.A rising China must support its backbone with a strong military force.If China is to rise, China must have a strong military force
B.Great achievements can only be achieved by being smart and hardworking; Li Ming is neither smart nor hardworking, so he will not have great achievements
C.If I eat too many high-protein, high-calorie, and high-fat foods, I will gain weight; I rarely eat such foods, so I will not gain weight
D.If 139 is even, it can be divisible by 2; 139 cannot be divisible by 2, so 139 is not even

b
There are three descriptions of the working conditions of a company employee: "All employees of the company are due diligence" "The company employees are not all due diligence" "Ms.Wen Qian is due diligence", two of which are false.
According to the question, still can't determine which of the following is true?
A.Ms.Wen Qian failed to perform her duties
B.All employees of the company are not diligent
C.Some of the company's employees are not due
D.All employees of the company are dedicated

d
The fact of competing for medals at the Beijing Olympic Games in 008 made us understand the truth; when failure has not become the final fact, we must not easily accept failure! While there is a faint hope for victory, we still have to do our best to win! Otherwise, it is not really a strong one.
Which of the following options can be derived from the above questions?
A.No casual success, success comes from hard work
B.The weak will easily accept failure
C.The true strong will never accept failure
D.Only when failure becomes an immutable fact will true strong people accept failure

a
Randomly select a group of people to listen to a lecture on administrative ethics by a speaker to a large group of highly focused listeners.Randomly select another group of people to listen to this speaker who is less focused on a small group Of the same content by the audience.The former group thought that the speaker thought deeply and confidently; the latter group thought that his expression was vague and lengthy.
Which of the following assertions can the information in the title most refute?
A.People's judgment on the personal qualities of the lecturer mainly depends on the content and method of the lecture.
B.If the second group listens to the speaker's first lecture, their judgment will be very different
C.When the same social behavior is evaluated in different social contexts, different people will make different judgments
D.A person's assessment of the quality of a speaker's speech will be influenced by other people's response to the speech

a
A pending-effect contract refers to a contract that has been established, but because it does not fully comply with the relevant requirements for entry into force, the validity of the contract has not yet been determined.Generally, it must be acknowledged by the authorized person to enter into force.
In the following cases,
A.Xiao Ming, 10, sells the Rolex gold watch to 40-year-old Li
B.5-year-old child army receives a bonus for invention
C.Adult Zhang mistakenly bought the original oil painting as a genuine product
D.Taxi drivers can increase car prices by 10 times by using a machine that is in urgent need of a car

c
Administrative benefits, also known as administrative material assistance, refer to the administrative authorities that grant certain material rights and interests to citizens in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, rules, or policies under conditions such as old age, illness or incapacity, or other special circumstances ( (Such as money or in-kind) or specific administrative actions related to material rights.
Of the following, which of the following is not an administrative benefit is
A.Funding for nursing homes
B.Pay administrative compensation for disabled motorbike drivers
C.Payment of minimum living security for laid-off workers
D.Payment of victim benefits

c
The administrative counterpart is the other party corresponding to the administrative subject in the administrative management legal relationship, that is, the individual and organization whose administrative action affects its rights and interests.It has the following characteristics: (1) The administrative counterpart is in the administrative law.(2) Administrative counterparts refer to individuals, organizations in the administrative legal relationship that are the other party corresponding to the administrative subject: (3) Administrative counterparts are in administrative legal relationships, and their rights are subject to Individuals, organizations affected by administrative actions of administrative subjects.
Which of the following statement is correct
A.Administrative counterparts are individuals, organizations directly affected by administrative actions
B.Unincorporated organizations cannot act as administrative counterparts
C.Administrative agencies, unincorporated organizations may also act as administrative counterparts
D.National civil servants cannot be administrative counterparts

d
Financial lease refers to the purchase of leased items by the lessor and leased to the lessee for use.The lessee pays the rent to the lessor in installments.The ownership of the leased items belongs to the lessor during the lease period, and the lessor has the right to use the leased items; After the lease term expires, the lessee has the option to purchase the leased asset, and the purchase price entered into is expected to be much lower than the fair value of the leased asset when the option is exercised, so it can be reasonably determined at the lease start date that the lessee will exercise This option, even if the lessee does not exercise this option, the ownership of the asset does not transfer, but the lease term accounts for most of the useful life of the leased asset.
Among the following options are financial leases
A.The investor purchases a certain share of dairy leasing products from Hongyi Company, and then leases the cows to Hongchi Company to operate.Hongyi Company pays investors a fixed rent every year according to the contract, and the principal is returned unconditionally after maturity.
B.Company A leased a set of unused equipment to Company B on January 1, 2000 for a two-year lease with a rent of 24,000 yuan.The contract stipulated that on January 1, 2000, company B would pay one year's The rent is 12,000 yuan.On January 1, 2001, the remaining rent for the year was paid 12,000 yuan.
C.Guangming Dairy leased two S85 high-end servers and a SHARK storage device with a total value of tens of millions of yuan from IBM.The lease term was three years.After three years, the two sides agreed whether Guangming Dairy would continue to rent or based on the prevailing market conditions.Buy out the remaining "shells"
D.An airline plans to introduce (increase) a passenger aircraft of the same type by leasing.The current market price of the aircraft is 40 million U.S.dollars and the lease term is 10 years.After the lease term expires, the company pays the residual value of 1.2 million U.S.dollars.Company-owned

c
The herd effect is generally used as a metaphor that people have a herd mentality, which can easily lead to blind obedience, and blind obedience often falls into a scam or fails.
According to this definition, Which of the following are not succumbing to the herd effect:
A.In the stock market, most of the scattered corpses chased after the rally.
B.Due to the increasingly fierce competition in the workplace, it is a stable job for everyone to wash civil servants, so a large number of college graduates and even young people who already have jobs have reported;
C.The headteacher and math teacher told Xue Niu that the test was difficult before the test.As a result, most of the students performed abnormally in the test.
D.The style or color of clothes that nobody cares about usually-once it is promoted by the media as this year's popular style or color, everyone will snap up

b
Husband and wife's personal property refers to all property owned by the husband and wife within a certain range after the marriage, according to law or according to the parties' agreement.Generally, it includes legal personal property and contracted personal property.
Which of the following property is the personal property of the couple?
A.After the marriage, the party accepts gifts from relatives and friends
B.Property received by one party before marriage and actually acquired after marriage
C.Marital property separated and managed separately and used after marriage
D.Bonus to one party after marriage

c
The behavior penalty, also known as the ability penalty, is a punishment measure taken by an administrative subject to limit or deprive a specific capacity or qualification of an administrative counterparty who violates administrative laws and regulations.
Which of the following are penalties for behavior
A.Administrative detention
B.Forfeiture of property
C.Revocation of business license
D.Reeducation through labor

d
If Gao Pengyuan is the coach of the national gymnastics team, then he must have won the Olympic gymnastics championship.
The above argument can be made on the following premise, except for?
A.Only if you have won the Olympic Gymnastics Championship are you eligible to be a coach of the National Gymnastics Team
B.If you have not won an Olympic gymnastics championship, you are not eligible to be a national gymnastics team coach
C.If you are eligible to coach the National Gymnastics Team, you must have won the Olympic Gymnastics Championship
D.If you have won an Olympic gymnastics title, you are eligible to be a national gymnastics team coach

a
In 009, the sales volume of domestic mobile phones in China was 32 million units, almost three times the sales volume in 2007.The market share also increased from 10.6% to 17.3%, while the average cost decreased from 2400 yuan to 1500 yuan per unit.Therefore, some experts predict that by 2011, the sales of domestic mobile phones will eventually exceed the sales of imported mobile phones.
Which of the following, if true, would best support an expert's prediction?
A.Domestic mobile phone prices are cheaper than imported mobile phones, and the market demand for domestic mobile phones will continue to rise
B.China's population will reach 1.39 billion, this huge group is the main consumer of mobile phones
C.A new smartphone independently developed by China is about to be put on the market
D.The brand has become an important factor affecting the sales of domestic mobile phones

d
If you speak the truth when you speak, then the rich will oppose you.If you speak the truth when you speak, then the poor will oppose you.When you speak the truth, you tell the truth or the truth.So, the rich will oppose you Or the poor will oppose you.
Which of the following is most similar to the structure of the above reasoning?
A.If there are living things on the moon, there must be air.If there are living things on the moon, there must be water.There is no air on the moon, or there is no water.So, there is no life on the moon.
B.If the object is pressurized, its volume will become smaller.If the object is cooled, its volume will become smaller.Or the object will be pressurized or the object will be cooled.Therefore, the object's volume will become smaller
C.If it rains, the ground must be wet.If it doesn't rain, the ground may not be wet.Or it rains or it doesn't rain.So, either the ground must be wet or the ground may not be wet
D.If the tiger is stimulated, then the tiger will eat people.If the tiger is not stimulated, the tiger will also eat people.Or the tiger will be stimulated, or the tiger will not be stimulated.In short, the tiger will eat people

b
A man in police uniform came out of a police station.
Based on this statement, what conclusions can be made?
A.This person must be a police officer of the police station
B.This person may be a police officer of the police station
C.This person must not be a police officer of the police station
D.This person is a police officer who came to the police station

d
For a country in the Spring and Autumn Period, if the warehouse is solid, food and clothing are sufficient, the people know the etiquette or the honor and shame.A wealth of Nations, and it's not all about the industry.
Can it be inferred from this?
A.The country's warehouses are solid but not adequate
B.The country is not sloppy but food and clothing
C.The country's warehouses are solid and well-fed
D.The country is not in a hurry and is not food and clothing

b
Not all wars necessarily lead to natural disasters, but there can be no natural disasters that do not hinder war.
Which of the following is the closest to the meaning of the above determination?
A.Some wars may not cause natural disasters, but any natural disaster may hinder the war
B.Some wars may not lead to natural disasters, but any natural disaster will necessarily hinder the war
C.No war can cause natural disasters, but some natural disasters can hinder the war
D.Any war may not cause natural disasters, but some natural disasters will necessarily hinder the war

a
If "All primate brains may have frontal cortex" is true,
Which of the following must be true? ?
A.Not all primate brains have a frontal cortex, which is not necessary
B.All primate brains have a frontal cortex, which is inevitable
C.All primate brains have a frontal cortex
D.Not all primate brains have the frontal cortex, which is possible

b
In a certain year, the city's college entrance examinations for arts and sciences were all students of Zhiyuan Private High School, so many parents concluded that "the quality of Zhiyuan Middle School is higher than the city's key high school-the first high school".
Which of the following best refutes these parents' conclusions?
A.The appearance of the number one liberal arts college entrance examination is not the only criterion for measuring the level of school teaching
B.The average college entrance examination score of Zhiyuan Middle School students was much lower than that of a city middle school student that year.
C.Because the teachers of Zhiyuan Middle School are well treated, many teachers leave the city No.1 Middle School to come to Zhiyuan to teach
D.The students of Zhiyuan Middle School all live in houses, so they spend more time studying at school than City No.1 Middle School.

c
Vice-Principal: I advocate that at most one of Teacher Wang and Mr.Qiu can be recommended as a candidate for a national teaching master.Principal: I do not agree.
Which of the following most accurately expressed the opinion of the principal? ?
A.Neither Mr.Wang nor Mr.Qiu can be recommended as a national teaching teacher candidate
B.At least one of Teacher Wang and Teacher Qiu can be recommended as a national teaching teacher candidate
C.Both Mr.Wang and Mr.Qiu can be recommended as national teaching teacher candidates
D.If Mr.Wang can be recommended as a national teaching teacher candidate, then Mr.Qiu can also

a
All people who came into contact with the H1N1 flu patient were isolated.All those who were isolated had contact with Xu Haihua.
Assuming the above proposition is true, which of the following propositions is also true? ?
A.Some people may not have been exposed to H1N1 influenza patients, but they have been exposed to Xu Haihua
B.Xu Haihua is a patient with H1N1 influenza A
C.Everyone who has been in contact with Xu Haihua is isolated
D.All patients with H1N1 influenza have been in contact with Xu Haihua

d
The Little Swan Song and Dance Troupe have 45 young actors.About these 45 young actors, A.B and C have the following discussion: A said: "Some of these young actors are Beijingers." B said: "Li Xinxin among the young actors is not Beijing, "C.said," Some of these little actors are not from Beijing."In fact, only one sentence of the three is true.
Excuse me, which of the following options is true?
A.45 young actors are not from Beijing
B.Some little actors are not from Beijing
C.Li Xinxin is not from Beijing
D.45 young actors are all from Beijing

b
The coach of a national football team found that the best cooperation characteristics of players U, V, W, X, Ｙ, and Z during training are: (1) V and X cannot be on the field at the same time, and neither can be on the field.(2) ) V is not on the field only if U is not on the field.(3) If W is on the field, then X is on the field.(4) If Ｙ and Ｚ are on the field, then W must be on the field.
So, if U and Ｚ are both on the court, in order to maintain the best cooperation between players, which of the following can be inferred to be true? ?
A.X is on the field and Y is not on the field
B.V is on the court and he is not on the court
C.V and W are on the field
Neither D.V nor Hyun are on the court

a
A well-known artist Liu held two solo concerts in Shanghai in 2009.Among them, the first box office income was very good, and the tickets were all sold out one month before the performance.Therefore, the agency where the artist is located decided one month later Once again, Liu held a concert in Shanghai with the same scale as the first time.However, the second time the box office revenue was very unsatisfactory, and tickets were only sold for 40%.
Which of the following is most likely responsible for the decline in box office revenue at the second concert? ?
A.The schedule of the second concert is the same as the first concert.Many people have already participated in the first concert, so they will not participate in the second concert.
B.At the same time as the second concert, another well-known artist is performing a magic show in Shanghai
C.Most of the people who participated in the second concert were those who did not buy tickets for the first concert
D.The venue for the second concert is not in the city center, and many people in Shanghai are too far away from home to participate.

b
There is a strange stall owner in a certain park.He only works on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, and he only sells 4 kinds of goods: toy cars, inflatable balloons, plasticine, and remote control aircraft.Each job On Sunday, he only sold one product in the morning and only one product in the afternoon, and also knew the following conditions: (1) Xiao Zhou was selling toy cars only in two consecutive afternoons; (2) Xiao Zhou was selling only 1 Sell plasticine in the morning and 3 pm; (3) On Saturday, Xiao Zhou neither sells toy cars nor sells inflatable balloons.
If the above situation is true, which day will Xiaozhou surely sell toy cars? ?
A.Monday
B.Tuesday
C.Wednesday
D.Friday,

b
Social work is guided by altruistic values, based on scientific knowledge, and uses scientific methods to help others.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is social work?
A.The Guangzhou Asian Games Organizing Committee recruited a lot of volunteers in the school and the streets, which provided manpower guarantee for the successful hosting of the Asian Games
B.Non-governmental organizations such as Friends of Nature have carried out various forms of publicity activities over the years, raising people's environmental awareness
C.Recently, many stars have been invited to participate in a charity auction.
D.Xiao Zhang is a professional psychological counselor.Every semester, he will compulsorily teach classes to nearby primary and secondary school students, explaining how to prevent juvenile delinquency, etc.

a
The internal economy refers to the increase in the internal revenue caused by a manufacturer when the production scale expands, while the external economy refers to the increase in the revenue brought to individual manufacturers by the expansion of the entire industry.
According to the above definition, which of the following is external economies?
A.The rare earth industry has developed rapidly in recent years.Due to the reduction in transportation costs and tariffs, some mining companies have continued to increase their exports and established trade relations with many countries.
B.Due to the introduction of a number of advanced equipment, a tea manufacturer has increased its production efficiency, and its sales volume has doubled compared with previous years.
C.The domestic mobile phone industry is developing rapidly and the scale is constantly expanding.In order to enhance the competitiveness of its products, a mobile phone manufacturer began to streamline its organization and reduce costs.
D.Due to the rising international oil prices, gas stations in some areas of Guangdong Province have made more profits by raising prices

b
The grounded theory refers to the establishment of a theory on the basis of empirical data.Researchers generally do not have theoretical assumptions before starting the study.They start directly from actual observations, summarize the empirical summary from the original data, and then rise to the theory.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following are in line with grounded theory?
A.A postgraduate conducted a year-long experiment to verify the inverted U-shaped curve relationship between pressure and success.The experimental results were not consistent with pre-judgment.He thought that there might be problems in the design of the experiment.
B.A professor has continuously observed the laws of children's cognitive development through continuous observations of their daughters from 3 to 7 years old, but these conclusions are still controversial in academic circles.
C.A company developed a personality test based on the nine personality theory, and the company employees tested it.The test results are very similar to the actual situation.
D.A medical institution used questionnaires, interviews, and other forms to study the interaction effects of machinery and equipment on medical staff and patients, and found that certain equipment obviously made patients uncomfortable, so the equipment was improved.

c
Rural tourism is based on various types of villages, with rural idyllic scenery, rural life and rural culture as tourist attractions, developing tourism products based on agricultural and rural characteristic resources, with farmers as the main operating entity, and urban residents as the target.A form of leisure travel.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is the following that belongs to rural tourism?
A.During the May Day period, the Jingyuan County Tourism Bureau organized 20 farmers from Daba Village, Dongwan Town, to visit the Jingtai Yellow River Shilin Scenic Area to learn about the construction of local farmhouses.
B.On the weekend, Wang invited some friends to climb the Mutianyu Great Wall and bought some special products from farmers on the way home.
C.Yangjiabu is located in Weifang, Shandong Province.The farmers here are clever and have made exquisite woodblock prints and kites, which has attracted hundreds of thousands of domestic and foreign guests to come and visit
D.On the weekend, a city agency organizes employees to pick melon in the suburbs.Here, every family grows melon.As long as the price is negotiated with the farmers, you can experience the fun of picking and bring home fresh melon.

c
An ethnic group is a group of people who subjectively identify themselves and distinguish themselves from other groups in the larger social and cultural system because they objectively have a common source and a common culture extending from it.The common source refers to the lineage, Lineage, physical similarity; common culture refers to similar languages, religions, customs, etc.
According to the above definitions, which of the following belong to the ethnic group?
A.To meet the enthusiasm and needs of students to learn calligraphy, a calligraphy society was established in the university
B.Because they share the same religious beliefs, Islamists around the world have come together to form a large religious group.According to statistics, as of 2009, there are currently 1.57 billion Muslim Muslims
C.Most Asians in the United States are new immigrants in recent decades.Asian Americans have become one of the most successful ethnic minorities in the United States because of their traditions of hard work, frugality, hard work, and education.
D.Due to increased work pressure, the cost of childbearing and raising children has increased year by year.Some young people have fixed income and fertility, but choose not to have children.

d
Technical innovation is a complete process from the creation of a new product or process to the market application, and it includes a series of activities such as the creation of new ideas, research, development, commercial production, and promotion.The production of new ideas to research and development activities is technology The process of intellectual property creation; commercial production to promotion is the process of promoting the brand intellectual property.
According to the above definition, which of the following is a technological innovation?
A.In the 1990s, a hearing aid company in Denmark introduced a new organizational model: there is no formal hierarchy and reporting relationship, resource allocation is around the project team, and the organization is completely open.This innovation has achieved great success.
B.Iron and steel company has built an ultra-thin tropical production line through the introduction of international advanced technology.
C.After research and practice, a certain agricultural scientist in China-proposed a new technique for grafting fruit trees, achieving the goal of doubling the yield.
D.Technical personnel have introduced and absorbed foreign advanced technologies, designed and produced high-speed EMUs with independent intellectual property rights, and have been applied to Beijing-Tianjin, Wuhan-Guangzhou, and other lines

a
The sleep effect refers to the phenomenon that the effect of information transmission changes over time.That is, after a period of time, the positive effect of some information is decreasing, while the negative effect of some information is Transform into a positive effect.
According to the above definition, which of the following phenomena are sleep effects?
A.Sometimes some advertising ideas are mediocre, and the audience reflects that they are boring or even disgusted, but the sales of advertising products are rising
B.Many teens regard entertainment stars as their idols, and their behavior and thinking are greatly influenced by the stars
C.When the negotiations are at an impasse, the two sides calmly think before reopening the negotiations, and the progress will be abnormally smooth.
D.The teacher repeatedly explained to the students how to find the area of the triangle, but the students still could not find the area of the triangle correctly.

b
Growth requires free space, and if you want to grow faster, you must give him freedom of movement instead of being stuck in a small fish tank.This phenomenon of giving more space to bring about faster development Known as the "fish tank rule".
According to the above definition, which of the following phenomena belong to the "fish tank rule"?
A.In order to improve his overall quality, a student has taken courses in other majors in addition to this major.
B.Promote young cadres with outstanding working abilities to important positions in a timely manner and make them assume important responsibilities
C.Some parents do everything possible to keep their children by their side in order to give their children a stable life and work
D.Broaden the selection of Xianmen in a western city and recruit various talents in economically developed coastal areas

c
The law of decimals is a kind of psychological bias, which means that people consider the probability distribution of an event in a small sample as a general distribution, and grasp the characteristics of the problem to directly infer the results, without considering the true probability and characteristics of such characteristics.For other reasons.
Based on the above definition, which of the following reflects the law of decimals?
A.In a coin flip game, even if there are 10 consecutive heads, there is still a 50% chance of a head appearing on the 11th time.
B.An investment manager has performed better than others in the past two years, which does not mean that the manager is better than others
C.A survey of 100 people on the streets of Beijing believes that Beijing's house prices are high, so everyone in Beijing thinks that Beijing's house prices are high
D.60% of babies born in a large hospital at a given time are boys, the situation must be the same in a small hospital

b
Safe haven principle: It means that the network service provider provides search or link services for the service object.After receiving the notice from the rights holder, it deletes or disconnects the infringing works, performances, audio and video products according to the regulations, and is not liable for compensation responsibility.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is safe haven principles?
A.A video website provided an online broadcast service of a movie on a website operated by it without permission.After receiving the notice from the plaintiff, the movie was deleted on the same day
B.A website is a video sharing website that provides information storage space.A netizen uploaded a movie to the website without authorization.The website did not edit or organize the movie.It was deleted immediately after the right holder issued a notice.
C.Liu is a photographer, and provided the public with click-to-view, download and print services on the photography site without his consent.The model asked him to stop infringement, apologize and compensate for the loss.A quick delete of the defendant's infringing photo
D.A website mainly provides video resources of popular film and television works for download to the public.When some film and television copyright owners found out, they notified the website, and the website immediately deleted related works.

b
Before any novel is written, it is inextricably linked with the author, and the author always strives to make it perfect.Once published, all available efforts have been exhausted, and the individual no longer has the strength to change it.All that remains is for others to comment.
Can we infer from this?
A.No novel is perfect
B.All the author can do is write the novel well
C.Fiction writers don't care about others' comments
D.Fiction after publication has nothing to do with the author

c
All smart people are short-sighted, and I am very short-sighted, so I am smart.
Which of the following best reveals the errors of the above reasoning?
A.I'm stupid because all smart people are nearsighted and my vision is good
B.All sheep have four legs, but this animal has eight legs, so it is not a sheep
C.Horses are four-hoofed herbivores, cattle are four-hoofed herbivores, so cattle are horses
D.All geniuses are highly myopic, I must be highly myopic, because I am a genius

d
Climate warming has become a major problem facing all humankind.Scientists and environmental protection organizations have continuously issued warnings: If we do not act immediately to protect the environment and stop climate warming, humanity will one day destroy the earth and cannot continue to survive.
Can it be launched from this?
A.As long as we act immediately to protect the environment, we can stop climate warming and humans can continue to survive on the planet
B.If humans cannot continue to live on the earth, they must not immediately begin to protect the environment
C.To protect the environment, the planet, and humanity, we must prevent climate warming
D.If humans want to survive on Earth, they must act now to protect the environment and stop climate warming

b
After investigating and analyzing five friends of a victim, each of the four police officers made the following speculations: A said: "These five people are suspected." B said: "Lao Chen cannot escape the relationship, he is suspected."C said," Not all of these five people are suspect."Ding said," Some of the five must-have committed a crime."
If only one of four people guessed correctly, which of the following is true?
A.A guess is correct, Lao Chen is most suspect
B.C speculates correctly, Lao Chen is not suspect
C.C speculates correctly, but Lao Chen may commit the crime
D.Ding's guess is correct, Lao Chen is suspect

a
Students who want to work in the media all apply for journalism and communication.Li Jin has applied for the journalism and communication major, and he must want to work in the media.
Which of the following is true and best supports the above assertion?
A.All students applying for journalism and communication want to work in the media
B.Some journalists are graduates of university journalism and communication
C.Some students who want to work in the media have applied for journalism and communication
D.Only students who graduate from journalism and communication are eligible for media work

b
Archimedes will be remembered forever, and the playwright Escouros will be forgotten, because the language will die and the mathematical idea will not die."
What premises may this implied, except?
A.Archimedes' contribution lies in mathematical ideas
B.Escuros is not a good writer
C.People who use perishable things are forgotten
D.Mathematical ideas are not the language

d
Every day Express newspaper organizes expansion training.On the last day, all employees participating in the expansion are assessed.If the assessment results reach 3 or more, it is recorded as excellent.Before the assessment, several people discussed the results.Chen Dong said: "Xiao Jun, Xiao Xia's physical fitness is good, at least one of them is excellent." Niu Li said: "The training time is too short, everyone practice is not enough, no one can be excellent this time." Ma Fang said "how Is it possible? Someone has participated in training before and they will definitely be excellent."
Assuming that the guess of only one of these three people has been verified, which of the following conclusions must be derived? ?
A.Niu Li is right, no member of the newspapers participating in the expansion is outstanding
B.Can't determine right or wrong, but all trainees get excellent
C.Ma Fang is right, some people are excellent, but some people are not.
D.Chen Dong was wrong, Xiaoxia did not get excellent

c
Song Jiang, Lin Chong, and Wu Song each bought a car, BMW, Audi, and Land Rover.Regarding the brands they purchased, Wu Yong had the following guess: "Song Jiang chose Land Rover, Lin Chong won't choose Audi, Wu Song chose it Not Land Rover, "but he only guessed at one of them.
Can we know from this?
A.Song Jiang chose Audi, Lin Chong chose Land Rover, Wu Song chose BMW
B.Song Jiang chose Land Rover, Lin Chong chose Audi, Wu Song chose BMW
C.Song Jiang chose Audi, Lin Chong chose BMW, Wu Song chose Land Rover
D.Song Jiang chose BMW, Lin Chong chose Audi, Wu Song chose Land Rover

b
Every year on the eve of the Mid-Autumn Festival, various businesses will launch a "moon cake war".Relevant experts point out that the moon cake war is not only not conducive to the economic interests of the mass consumers, but it has also even become a "sweet burden" for the Mid-Autumn Festival.To return to the moon cake market, we must start with the craft And the ingredients are improved.Otherwise, even if the packaging and gifts are gorgeous, they cannot meet the legitimate consumer demand.
Based on this question, which of the following conclusions cannot be derived? ?
A.Only improving mooncake technology and ingredients are the key to meeting consumers' legitimate needs
B.As long as the moon cake technology and ingredients are improved, even if the packaging and gifts are more gorgeous, they can still meet the legitimate needs
C.If the moon cake market meets legitimate consumer demand, it must be an improvement in process and ingredients
D.Without the improvement of process and ingredients, the legitimate needs of consumers cannot be met

d
Although I don't know you, at first glance, you know that you are a military doctor.It is very simple, because you have the demeanor of a doctor, but you are a military man.
Which of the following prerequisites should be added to the above reasoning?
A.To become a military doctor, you must have both the temperament of a doctor and a soldier
B.Military doctors are more military than ordinary doctors
C.As long as he is a military doctor, he will definitely show his doctor's grace and military personality.
D.Everyone who has the demeanor of a doctor and the spirit of a soldier must be a military doctor, regardless of his medical skills

a
Entrepreneurs should have the ability to communicate and persuade, which is an essential ability to successfully start a business.The purpose of entrepreneurship is to make the public recognize and buy your products and services.Therefore, the ability to communicate and persuade is as important as execution.
Based on the above points, which of the following conclusions cannot be reached?
A.People who have both the ability to communicate and persuade and execute are successful entrepreneurs
B.Execution is also essential for successful entrepreneurship
C.Without the ability to communicate and persuade, it is impossible to start a successful business
D.Liu Chang is a successful entrepreneur, he must have a strong ability to communicate and persuade

c
Finally, I was convinced that I couldn't stop you from leaving, so I started to enjoy loneliness again.
Which of the following is the premise of the above reasoning?
A.I can't enjoy loneliness unless I'm sure I can't stop you from leaving
B.I started to enjoy loneliness only when I was sure I couldn't stop you from leaving
C.Or I'm not sure if I can't stop you from leaving, or I have to start enjoying loneliness again
D.I'm not sure if I can't stop you from leaving, but I can only start enjoying loneliness again

b
If he did not learn erhu performance, Xu Ping would not be able to study folk music theory.If he likes folk instruments, he would choose to study erhu performance as a major.If he does not like folk instruments, he would do folk music theory research.
Can Xu Ping be introduced from this?
A.Studying folk music theory
B.Learn to play erhu
C.Do not learn to play erhu
D.Not studying folk music theory

a
The three sisters Xiaohong, Xiaolan, and Xiaohui live in Fengtai District, Tongzhou District, and Chaoyang District.Xiaohong and the sisters living in Tongzhou are not the same age.Xiaohui is younger than the sisters living in Chaoyang District.The sisters in Tongzhou are older than Xiao Lan.
So according to the age, the three sisters are sorted?
A.Xiao Hong, Xiao Hui, Xiao Lan
B.Xiao Hong, Xiao Lan, Xiao Hui
C.Xiao Lan, Xiao Hui, Xiao Hong
D.Xiaohui, Xiaohong, Xiaolan

c
Online group-buying is the use of the Internet to bring together scattered consumers with the same purchase intention and buy in large quantities from merchants to obtain the best price.The characteristics of online group buying are: there are restrictions on the number of transactions and transaction time, and high discounts It can make small payments and other features to realize the benefits of network organizers, consumers and producers.
Which of the following are online group purchases?
A.A company enjoys a 40% discount on ordering 500 pieces of cotton clothing online
B.A shopping website solicits consumers who want to buy a brand of running shoes and places an order of 3,000 pairs with the manufacturer
C.An organization's online marketing shop purchases a brand product for a long time and members enjoy a 50% discount on the original price
D.Xiao Wang contacted more than ten neighbors to purchase certain furniture to reduce shipping costs.

b
Groups, usually referring to the aggregation of various social members relative to individuals, are actually a collection of people.They can be divided into formal groups, informal groups, and quasi-groups.Quasi-groups refer to people without an organizational structure.There is some kind of connection between people, there is a certain degree of common concern, and it is possible to form a group at some time, but a group that has not yet been organized.
Which of the following belong to the quasi-group?
A.Somewhere, a family with a large family name held a large banquet to worship their ancestors, and many people did not know each other at the banquet
B.In a community in the network, some outdoor sports enthusiasts who have never met meet to discuss climbing in a certain place
C.During the National Day, more than 100,000 tourists from all over the country visited the Summer Palace
D.A certain officer and soldier saw a car encounter a mudslide during training, and quickly organized a rescue.

a
Secondary pollution refers to the re-contamination of the environment after the pollutants are discharged from the pollution source into the environment, and new pollutants are generated under the action of physical, chemical or biological factors.
which of the following are secondary pollutions?
A.Harmful compounds in automobile exhaust, photochemical reactions under the action of sunlight, generate a variety of strong oxidants, mainly ozone, endanger human health
B.During the decoration of the house, the construction machinery emits a strong noise, which seriously affects the rest and life of the surrounding residents.
C.Pesticides remain in cotton and hemp fibers.Although the residual amount is small after being made into clothing, frequent contact with the skin can also cause harm to the human body.
D.People smoked second-hand smoke in public places

a
The retinal effect means that when a person owns an object or a feature, he will notice more than ordinary people whether other people have such an object or feature.
Which of the following is not a retinal effect?
A.Lao Song, the head of the department, is open-minded and optimistic, always discovering the advantages of employees and realizing their potential
B.Pharaoh's possession of a piece of Ming Dynasty porcelain, he is keen to meet lovers who also collect Ming Dynasty porcelain
C.Xiao Li often complains that others are impatient when talking to him, and in fact, his own temper is not good
D.Xiao Liu saw that two people were wearing the same clothes as her, and she was so moved that so many people bought the same clothes

d
Online publishing, also known as Internet publishing, refers to the selection and editing of works created by others or others created by Internet information service providers, posted on the Internet, or sent to the client through the Internet for public viewing, reading, use or Download online spread behavior.
Which of the following does not belong to online publishing?
A.A search site collects a large number of songs for Internet users to download freely
B.A health website sends common knowledge about health care to members' e-mail boxes every day
C.An electronic map website provides public transportation routes in most cities for online users to check
D.A website lists a set of encyclopedia CDs in the merchandise list, and customers can obtain CDs through online purchases

b
Logistics is the physical movement of material information from suppliers to those who need it.It is an economic activity that creates time and place value, including packaging, loading and unloading, storage, inventory management, distribution processing, transportation, and distribution.
which of the following are logistics activities?
A.Xiao Wang opened a store to sell phone recharge cards on a sales website, and the automatic shipping function enables customers to obtain the password after paying online.
B.Xiao Li urgently needs a financial guarantee for going abroad.He asked his parents to mail the document from his hometown through a courier company.
C.Lao Liu invested hundreds of thousands of yuan to build a cold storage to store the purchased vegetables, so that they can be listed on the Spring Festival for a good price
D.Xiao Zhao himself has a truck.He helped the company's customer Qian Mou move this Sunday.Qian Mou thanked him for dinner.

a
Reward sales refer to behaviors in which an operator sells goods or provides services and incidentally provides purchasers with goods, money, or other economic benefits.It includes: bonus sales and rewards that reward all buyers within a certain period Raffle-type prize sales that reward some buyers.
Which of the following are not in the lottery with prize sales?
A.A mobile communication company sends a text message to inform users that they can get the opportunity to redeem the rewards by replying to the text message.
B.An online mall claims that the first 10,000 customers who purchase products in the mall will receive 200 yuan vouchers per person
C.In a large supermarket, it is stipulated that a purchase of 100 yuan will receive a bag of laundry powder or a bar of soap
D.A furniture mall stipulates that customers who visit the mall within one month of opening can enjoy a 10% discount

a
Pledge, also known as a pledge, is when a debtor or a third party transfers its movable or transferable power to the creditor, and uses the movable or transferable power as security for the creditor's right.When the debtor does not perform the debt, the creditor has the right to legally The sale price of the transferable power is given priority.
Which of the following are pledged?
A.The project contracted by Xiao Zhao could not be started due to lack of liquidity, so he asked a company to help fund it, signed a contract and gave a famous car in his name to the company as a guarantee
B.Wang borrowed 1 million yuan from Liu, signed a contract and registered it, using his own house as a guarantee, and agreed to repay the loan at the end of the loan period
C.During the time when Shi went out to treat the disease, he entrusted his cousin to take care of the goose farm that he operated.
D.Company A signed a repair service contract with the repair shop to overhaul the production equipment.However, the repair cost was not paid due to the high maintenance costs.The repair shop then sold the equipment to cover the repair costs.

d
Confrontation, in ecology, refers to the relationship between two or more different kinds of organisms living together, one or both of whom suffered damage.Confrontation is usually the result of different organisms occupying the same niche.It can be divided into invasion, anti-biotic and competition, one It is aggression that one organism benefits and another that is damaged; one that is damaged but the other is not affected is antibiotics; and two that exert adverse effects on each other are competition.
Which of the following are competing?
A.The natural enemy bee of the diamondback moth lays eggs in the larvae of the diamondback moth.When the eggs of the diamondback moth hatch into a young bee, the young bee will eat the larvae of the diamondback moth
B.Some birds often look for parasites on crocodiles, and predators are afraid to attack these birds beside crocodiles, making them safer
C.If the density of tadpoles in the pond is too large, the tadpoles will secrete a poison, restrict the growth and development of other tadpoles, and even increase their mortality.
D.When aphids and peach aphids are mixed to a certain density, the yield of aphids decreases significantly, but the yield of peach aphids is significantly higher than that of carrot aphids

c
The right of uneasy defense means that the parties have mutual debts and there is a sequence of performance.When the party performing first has clear evidence showing that the other party is incapable of performing the debt, it has the right to suspend the performance of the contract before the other party fails to perform or provides security The provision of the right of uneasy defense is to effectively protect the parties' legitimate rights and interests, prevent fraud by contract, and urge the other party to perform its obligations.
Which of the following exercised the right to a disturbing defense?
A.Company A and Company B agreed to supply Company B in batches within 5 months, and Company B paid 100,000 yuan per month within 10 months.After the supply of Company A's goods was completed, Company B claimed that Company A's goods were unqualified Refused to pay the remaining payment
B.Party A and Party B sign a house lease contract, which stipulates that on a certain day, both parties will pay rent and deliver the house at the same time.However, when the time is up, Party B's house is still occupied and Party A refuses to pay the rent.
C.A company signs a performance contract with actor A.The company should pay 50,000 yuan in advance for the performance labor service on the specified date.After A is hospitalized for an injury due to a car accident, the company informs A that he will not pay the labor service temporarily.
D.Lao Wang customized a set of equipment to a company, and paid 50,000 yuan in full before the contract went into design and production.Later, Lao Wang requested the termination of the contract because the company that he operated closed down and no longer needed the equipment.

d
The tiger is a feline and is one of the most powerful carnivores on the land of Asia.The tiger has the longest canine teeth and the largest paw in the feline.It combines speed, strength, and agility.It can reach 1000 kilograms, with a claw penetration depth of 11 centimeters.It is good at jumping.The longest distance of one jump can reach 6 meters, and it is good at predation.
From this, can it be launched?
A.The fiercest tiger is also the fiercest feline
B.Felines are good at preying
C.Some felines are not carnivores
D.Some animals that are good at jumping are felines

d
To be a bestseller, a book must be readable or carefully packaged.
If the above assertion holds, which of the following must be true? ?
A.Most people like readable bestsellers
B.Books that are not carefully packaged must not be bestsellers
C.Readable books must be bestsellers
D.Books that are not readable and carefully packaged are not necessarily bestsellers

c
By testing a certain number of babies, the researchers found that the recognition of certain figures by babies is inherent.
If the above test results are correct, then which of the following must be true? ?
A.Newborns can distinguish between round and square
B.Human's ability to recognize graphics continues to improve with learning
C.Humans' ability to recognize graphics is not all obtained through learning
D.Most humans' ability to recognize graphics is obtained through learning

c
If Professor Wang is a teacher at Peking University [Weibo] and has written many philosophical articles, he must be a teacher in the Department of Philosophy.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above argument?
A.Professor Wang has written many philosophical papers
B.Philosophy teachers have written many philosophical papers
C.Only teachers of the Department of Philosophy have written many philosophical papers among the teachers of Peking University
D.Few teachers have written many philosophical papers

b
There are always unwise people on whether to quit smoking.Unless they quit successfully, they will have to bear all the consequences for their health deterioration.Lao Li has been smoking for 20 years, but he is afraid of losing his healthy body and a good life, don't want to bear the consequences of deteriorating health because of your unwise.
From this, can it be launched?
A.Li asks relatives and friends to strictly supervise the smoking cessation
B.Lao Li must successfully quit smoking if he wants to realize his ideas
C.Old Li cannot quit smoking because he always makes unwise choices
D.If Li's health is not good, it must be caused by smoking

b
Geographical names are the products of human activities in various historical eras.They have rich historical, geographical, linguistic, economic, ethnic, and social scientific connotations, and are a special cultural phenomenon that is a living fossil of human history.22,000.It can be speculated that there are no fewer words in the place name that involves the surname.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above speculation?
A.The names of these cohesive nations and linguistic materials are very helpful for understanding the tribal migration in ancient times.
B.People in patriarchal societies tend to live by the last name, which becomes the most distinctive highlight of place names
C.Archaeologists named an ancient place called "Dongchenggang" in Dengfeng County, Henan Province, where the clues were excavated.
D.According to statistics, there are more people with the surname Chen in the south and less in the north

a
There are two types of agricultural products A and B.A cannot grow in dry climates and B cannot grow in cold climates.In most parts of a country, either agricultural product A or agricultural product B can be grown.
If the above statement is true, which of the following must be false? ?
A.The climate is half dry and cold in this country
B.The climate in most parts of the country is very cold
C.This country does not grow agricultural products at all
D.This country can only grow agricultural products A

c
The people who participated in the lecture were related to the military.All of them believed that the UFO really existed, and most people thought that the UFO problem should be studied.Although the lecture held by the National Atomic Experiment Museum was not large, the speakers were very helpful.It can be seen that some very rigorous scientists also believe that UFO really exists.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above argument?
A.Some scientists are associated with the military
B.Some speakers are not rigorous scientists
C.Some of the participants in the lecture were very rigorous scientists
D.Scientist lectures are very rigorous and credible

d
The skulls and pelvis of some dinosaurs have the same characteristics as the skulls and pelvis of all modern birds, but not all dinosaurs have such characteristics.Some scientists claim that all animals with such characteristics are dinosaurs.
Based on the above statement and the claims of scientists, can it be launched?
A.Birds have more similarities to dinosaurs than other animals
B.Some ancient dinosaurs are no different from modern birds
C.All dinosaurs are birds
D.Modern birds are dinosaurs

a
There are three staff members in an office: Liu Ming, Zhuang Yan, and Wen Hu.Among them, one is a Ph.D., one is a master, and one is an undergraduate.It is known that the doctor is two years older than Liu Ming; Zhuang Yan and undergraduate Graduates are the same age, but with slightly older months; undergraduate graduates are the youngest.
From this, can it be launched?
A.Liu Ming is an undergraduate, Zhuang Yan is a master, and Wen Hu is a doctor
B.Liu Ming is a master, Zhuang Yan is a doctor, and Wen Hu is an undergraduate
C.Liu Ming is an undergraduate, Zhuang Yan is a Ph.D., Wenhu is a master
D.Liu Ming is a master, Zhuang Yan is an undergraduate, and Wen Hu is a doctor

a
A middle school held two types of lectures on literature and science, and statistics on students' participation in the lectures.It was found that among the first-year students, some students participated in all literature lectures, and some students participated in all science lectures.
If the above statement is true, which of the following must be true? ?
A.First-grade students attended all lectures
B.Every first-grader attended at least one lecture
C.Every lecture is attended by first-year students
D.Some first-year students did not attend any lectures

d
An intelligent research institute currently has only three experimental robots A.B, and C, A cannot recognize color, B cannot recognize shape, and C cannot recognize color or shape.Most laboratories of the intelligent research institute have to do recognition.Experiments in color and shape recognition.
If the above statement is true, which of the following must be false? ?
A.There are three types of robots in some laboratories
B.There are only robots A and B in half of the labs
C.This intelligent institute is developing new experimental robots
D.Only robots A and C are in half of the labs

d
Among the four members of Zhou, Wu, Zheng, and Wang of the Peking University Eagle Club, only one person has ever boarded Zhuoyou Youfeng.When the reporter interviewed them, Zhou said: "It is the team member Zheng who boarded Zhuoyou Youfeng." Said: "I haven't participated in any climbing activities yet." Wu said, "Although I also participated in that climbing activity, I didn't reach the summit." Wang said, "I'm a candidate for team Wu, if he didn't reach the summit, then I reached the top."
If only one of them has spoken falsely, which of the following must be true?
A.Other members of the Peking University Eagle Club have also boarded Zhuoyou Youfeng
B.Wu or Zhou boarded Zhuoyou Youfeng
C.Zheng boarded Zhuoyou Youfeng
D.Wang boarded Zhuoyou Youfeng

c
As of the end of 2011, there were 11 million permanent residents in a city, including 8 million local people and 3 million immigrants.The male and female ratio of the permanent population was 1.03: 1.There are many universities in the city, and the education level is much higher than the national average.More than 20% of the resident population has a college degree or above.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can definitely be launched?
A.The population of local undergraduates and above exceeds the population of foreign undergraduates and above
B.The local female population exceeds the foreign female population
C.The local male population exceeds the foreign female population
D.The local male population exceeds the foreign male population

b
Tourism goods refer to the physical goods purchased by tourists for non-commercial purposes in tourism activities.It does not include the daily necessities necessary to maintain tourism activities.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is tourism products?
A.Xiao Wang bought 100 bracelets in Nepal, and 200 scarves are ready to be sold in his own store in Beijing
B.Miss Zhang traveled to Europe to buy a set of an exquisite tea set in an antique shop in the UK during her free time
C.A couple bought a bottle of sunscreen and two pairs of sunglasses for a five-day tour of Hainan during the National Day holiday
Ms.Lee received a lot of information about local food and entertainment from small vendors while traveling in Thailand

a
Leisure sports is a collective term for various forms of sports activities that people voluntarily choose and engage in under the relatively free social living environment and conditions.It is a social phenomenon of sports, a form of existence of sports, and a society One of the main ways of leisure activities.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following for leisure sports?
A.Marathon runner Xiao Li plays with friends during the holidays
B.Xiao Wang, a private bodyguard, receives 4 hours of capture and fighting training every day
C.All high school students complete the half-hour long-distance running exercise every afternoon according to the school's requirements
D.Mr.Zhao, who is recovering from a leg injury, is taking a 15-minute walk outdoors under the guidance of a doctor at the request of a doctor

a
New media emerged under a new technological support system.Compared to the four traditional media of newspapers, periodicals, outdoor, radio, and television, new media is visibly called the "fifth media".
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are new media
A.3G mobile phone with news receiving function
B.Big screen TV on a subway platform
C.The revised "Urban Entertainment News" uses new printing technology to make text and pictures clearer
D.Popular science exhibitions using high-tech methods on the square

b
Self-guided travel refers to designing your own route, arranging everything on your own journey, and taking advantage of the convenience brought by modern civilization, but not unconstrained travel.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are self-guided tours:
A.The travel agency is only responsible for transportation and accommodation, and arranges sightseeing spots by itself
B.Refer to the tour route of the travel agency, make appropriate adjustments, and drive-by yourself
C.Tours arranged by a travel agency, but at each point, only the time is specified, and the tour route is selected by yourself
D.Tourism organized by the unit, the tour route is designed by the travel agency, and the schedule is determined by the person in charge of the unit

c
The operation of the ecological economy is defined as an economy that does not damage the environment, does not pollute the environment, and that is not an economy based on non-renewable resources.
According to the above definition, which of the following is eco-economics?
A.After the road was built in a certain place with the funds raised by cutting trees, it will greatly facilitate the travel of villagers.
B.When a city develops the coal economy, it focuses on improving technology and increasing resource utilization to protect and repair the environment.
C.A village uses the biogas project of livestock, biogas and cash crops to develop the local economy
D.A township uses new types of fertilizers and pesticides to develop a fish-bream polyculture model, and farmers' harvests reach new heights

a
Language abrasion refers to the decline of speech behavior or speech ability in a certain language environment under the influence of linguistic or non-verbal factors (emotion, motivation, age, reduction or stop of language use, etc.) in that language Phenomenon, with characteristics such as non-pathological, gradual, reversible and repetitive.
According to the above definition, which of the following is language abrasions?
A.Xiao Li's college entrance exam [weibo] English scores are good, but the English scores are not satisfactory in the opening class test after the summer break
B.Lao Zhang in his eighties is quite different from his younger age, he often asks others to repeat what he said, and he speaks slowly
C.Xiao Zhao was sick as a child and caused deafness in both ears.Others often didn't understand what she said as an adult
D.After middle school students go to the United States to participate in the summer camp, their English level has improved a lot

a
Urban forest refers to arbor as the main body in the city and its surroundings, reaching a certain scale (the area should be> 0.5hm2, hm means one hundred meters) and coverage (forest tree canopy coverage should be 10% -300%), Various biotic and abiotic complexes that can have an important impact on the surrounding ring, and have obvious ecological value and cultural landscape value.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is that do not belong to urban forests?
A.A city has built dozens of kilometers of flower beds in the middle of urban motorized lanes and non-motorized lanes, planting a rose, forsythia, and other plants
B.Planting pine trees in seaside parks in coastal cities to achieve windbreak and soil fixation
C.Central Park, a city located in a bustling area, has planted more than 1,400 trees and flowers, accompanied by more than ten sculptures
D.A city is all in the mood of the forest.The manor-like building is integrated with the surrounding woodland.The tree species are mainly native trees such as eucalyptus and banyan trees.

c
Cold chain means that after perishable food is acquired or harvested from the place of production, it is always in the low-temperature environment necessary for the product in all links of product processing, storage, transportation, distribution and retail to ensure food quality and safety, reduce losses and prevent pollution.Special supply chain system.
According to the above definition, which of the following is cold chains?
A.To maintain the efficacy of the vaccine, put it in a special cryogenic system when transported to use
B.In order to save energy, the supermarket supermarket canteen sells popsicle refrigerators and stops for 1 hour every 5 hours
C.Use refrigerated trucks to transport fresh seafood to cold stores
D.A plant uses low-temperature deep extraction technology to make oranges into orange juice for storage at room temperature.

c
Wild animals and plants refer to animals or plants that originate from the wild environment themselves or the parents of the previous generation, or that are obtained by artificial breeding or artificial cultivation, but still, need to introduce the individual genes of the wild from time to time.
According to the above definition, which of the following is wild animals and plants?
A."Pingping", a panda cub born recently at a giant panda protection base, whose parents are second-generation pandas artificially bred at the base
B.Scientists carried out a large number of cultivation experiments and successfully obtained the northern Cordyceps Sinensis, an ideal substitute for wild Cordyceps Sinensis.
C.Environmental workers go to the wild to look for wild crocodile eggs or injured adult crocodile and drop them in the crocodile reserve
D.The second-generation Chinese sturgeon artificially cultivated spent the young in the protection base, and was released into the wild in adulthood.

d
Inspection transcripts in criminal proceedings refer to the fact that the case handlers conduct physical inspections and observations of the victims, suspects, and defendants to determine certain characteristics, injuries, and physical conditions, and make objective records.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not an inspection in the inspection transcript of a criminal proceeding?
A.Public security organs dissected the body of the victim whose cause of death was unknown.
B.In order to determine the specific characteristics of the defendant, the technical department conducted a physical examination on it.
C.Police search, take photos, and scan fingerprints of suspects
D.The judge asked the investigator to show the case-related items for the witness' identification when questioning the witness

c
Proficiency in input method skills is essential to improve typing efficiency, so typists should attend training courses that specialize in teaching Wubi input methods.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument?
A.Only typists who are proficient in input method skills have participated in training courses dedicated to Wubi input methods
B.Only typists who have attended a Wubi input method training course can be proficient in input method skills
C.Some typists are proficient in input method skills, but have never participated in a training course dedicated to Wubi input method
D.Some institutions that teach other computer skills are more helpful for students to master input method skills than training courses that specialize in Wubi input methods

b
A teacher conducted a test on American high school students and Chinese high school students.He asked the same question, "If a piece of A4 paper is folded in half, it can be folded several times at most." It turns out that after hearing the problem, most American high schools Students began to origami immediately, and then answered the number of times they could fold according to the actual situation.Most Chinese high school students immediately answered the question: infinity.The teacher concluded from this: American high school students focus on practice, but China High school students focus on theory.
Which of the following must be assumed by the teacher to reach a conclusion?
A.Theory and practice are antagonistic
B.As long as you start to origami and answer questions according to the actual situation, you are focusing on practice
C.As long as you start to origami and answer the question according to the actual situation, you don't pay attention to theory
D.As long as you answer "infinite times" immediately, you don't pay attention to the practice

a
Some newly recruited employees of a company have a doctorate degree.All employees of the company who have a doctorate degree have been individually met by the chairman, and all employees of the company in province A have not been individually met by the chairman.
If the above statement is true, which of the following must also be true?
A.Some new hires are not from Province A
B.All new hires are from Province A
C.Some new hires have not been individually met by the chairman
D.Some employees with PhDs are from Province A

c
A food package says: This food is safe to eat, because it does not contain preservatives and artificial colors.
Which of the following is most likely assumed on the food package?
A.Some foods contain preservatives and artificial colors
B.Safe foods must be free of preservatives and artificial colors
C.Foods that do not contain preservatives and artificial colors must be safe
D.Producers of these foods capture the psychological needs of consumers

b
Health experts persuaded those who regularly drink pure water on TV shows: Compared with mineral water, pure water lacks minerals, and some of them are necessary for the human body.Therefore, you should change your habits and drink more mineral water.
Which of the following can most weaken the opinion of a health professional?
A.The body needs more than just minerals
B.People can get enough minerals from other foods
C.Some people who regularly drink a certain brand of mineral water have kidney stones
D.Drinking water other than pure water and mineral water

d
Wang Tao's good friends all like singer Zhou Mou ’s songs.Wang Tao ’s classmates who work in a consulting company do n’t like singer Zhou Mou ’s songs.Lisa is both Wang Tao ’s classmate and his good friend.The consulting company works.He Yu is a classmate of Wang Tao but doesn't like singer Zhou's songs.
Based on the above statement, which of the following must be obtained?
A.Midland likes singer Zhou's song
B.Wang Tao does not work for the consulting firm
C.He Yu works for the consulting company
D.Lisa does not work for the consulting firm

d
In the scientific community, we hope that no "presence of existence" appears in the argument.The so-called existence presupposition pre-sets the existence of the subject in the proposition.For example, in the proposition "Sun Wukong has fire eyes and golden eyes", the existence of Sun Wukong is not preset.However, in the proposition "Some flowers are red", the existence of flowers must be preset.Newton's first law of motion, which concludes that an object that is not affected by any external force must maintain a static state or a state of uniform linear motion.This law may It is true, but when physicists expressed and determined it, they did not presume the existence of objects that were not affected by any external force.
which of the following can be inferred from this passage is
A.Presence of existence depends on whether the subject of the proposition really exists
B.No objects that are not affected by external forces
C.Newton's first law of motion does not apply to reality
D.There is no "presence of existence" in the argument of Newton's first law of motion

b
Recently, the monthly income has become a hot topic of discussion.Some people have asked the government to strengthen supervision and questioned why the monthly income of a medical doctor can be higher than the monthly salary of a medical doctor.Others have argued that why the monthly income cannot be higher than the medical doctor's.? The increase in monthly income is, on the one hand, the result of market regulation, and on the other hand, it reflects the increasing emphasis on manual labor in our country, and respect for manual labor is social progress.
Which of the following statements does not support the arguments of the rebels?
A.Income depends not on the education level
B.Some Months are excellent and have a PhD
C.With the increase in the number of newborns, the phenomenon of "a difficult to find"
D.Who can lay down to make hard money is worthy of respect

c
A master class student held a 20th-anniversary party for graduation.The contact person, Wang Ning, said that some students in the class could not attend."The delegation secretary said," Lecturer, I don't think you're right."
If the party branch secretary is wrong, which of the following must be false?
A.Two of Qiuju, Achun, Xiuxiu, and Nannan can participate
B.Qiu Ju, A Chun, Xiu Xiu, and Nan Nan cannot participate
C.Qiu Ju, A Chun, Xiu Xiu, and Nan Nan can participate
D.If Qiuju and Achun can participate, then Xiuxiu and Nannan can also participate

c
The requirements for a certain recruitment position: All fresh graduates of English majors who have passed the eighth major in English and have participated in support activities are eligible to apply for the position.Zhang Hua is a fresh graduate of English major in a famous university in Beijing, but is not eligible to apply for the post position.
What must be inferred from this?
A.Zhang Hua failed the English major eight
B.Zhang Hua has not participated in teaching activities
C.If Zhang Hua passed the English major eighth test, then he has not participated in teaching activities
D.If Zhang Hua has participated in teaching support activities, then he has passed the English major eight exam

b
Statistics show that train accidents in a country mostly occur in the southern region, so it is safer to travel by train in the northern region.
Which of the following can best refute the above argument?
A.Slower train speeds in the north of the country
B.There are many more train lines in the south of the country than in the north
C.Many lines in the south of the country already use EMUs
D.Most of the northern part of the country is mountainous and is more suitable for car driving

c
After the CET-6, whether Wang Gang and Liu Chao can pass the exam, the dormitory students have discussed as follows: Wang Gang said: either I can pass, or Liu Chao can pass, or Liu Chao and I can pass.Will definitely pass.Yang Fan said: Liu Chao can pass.Zhao Jin said: Wang Gang could not pass.After the test results came out, it proved that two of the four words were true, and the two were false.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Wang Gang and Liu Chao both passed
B.Wang Gang and Liu Chao failed
C.Wang Gang passed, Liu Chao failed
D.Liu Chao passed, Wang Gang failed

a
The first-type vaccine is a vaccine that must be vaccinated by the country according to the current domestic epidemic situation and the general physical conditions of Chinese children.Therefore, parents generally believe that the second vaccine is only to prevent diseases other than the first vaccine.
Which of the following best refutes parents' views?
A.The pentavalent vaccine in the second class vaccine can prevent some diseases covered by the first-class vaccine, so it can reduce the number of vaccination
B.Type I vaccines prevent diseases that can cause greater harm to children, while type II vaccines are not necessarily
C.The same vaccine may belong to different types of vaccines in different countries and regions
D.In addition to economic reasons, the choice of not receiving a second-class vaccine has its safety considerations

d
There are 3 types of robots in a laboratory.Type C can recognize color, S type can recognize shape, and X type can neither recognize color nor shape.All 3 types of robots can pick up experimental products according to simple commands.Robot No.1 and No.2 performed experiments.When they were ordered to pick up the red ball, No.1 picked up the red square, and No.2 picked up the blue ball.
Based on the above experiment, which of the following assertions must be true?
A.No.1 and No.2 are X type
B.Neither 1 nor 2 is X type
C.No.1 is type C and No.2 is type S
D.No.1 is not S type and No.2 is not C type

d
A.B, C, D, E, and Six athletes have the following high jump records: (1) B's performance is worse than C but not as good as A; (2) D's performance is not as good as A and C; The results are better than Ding and Ji, but not as good as A and C.
From this, it can be determined
A.Ding's performance is better than himself
B.My performance is better than Ding
C.E ’s score is better than B ’s
D.B's performance is better than that of Wu

d
The non-invented syndrome or NIH syndrome is a cultural phenomenon in society, companies, and organizations.People are unwilling to use, buy, or accept a product, research results, or knowledge, not because of technical or legal factors.And just because it originated elsewhere.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options involve
A.Every year on September 18th, Xiao Li will take off his Japanese car logo.
B.A company in country A returns a batch of substandard imported optical equipment in country B after inspection
C.A country announced a complete ban on the import of aquatic products from the eight prefectures around the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Japan
D.Residents of a country with a strong patriotic complex only buy mobile phones made in their country

a
Psychologists believe that in general, people are reluctant to accept higher and more difficult requirements, because it is time-consuming, labor-intensive, and difficult to succeed.On the contrary, people are willing to accept smaller, more easily completed requirements, After a small request, people slowly accepted the larger request, and this is the "entry threshold effect".
According to the above definition, Which of the following does not meet the threshold effect is F
A.A salesman always carefully records customer needs and regularly promotes new products to them
B.Residents are asked to sign a petition in favor of safe driving, and a few weeks later they are asked to put up a sign saying "careful driving" in front of their house.
C.The headteacher of a high school does not ignore every little progress of the students, and helps them set short-term goals to promote them to the ideal university
D.A 10,000-meter long-distance champion said: "I divided 10,000 meters into 10 segments.I kept the lead in each segment, so I won."

b
Music therapy is a systematic intervention process.In this process, the therapist uses the various forms of music experience and the therapeutic relationship developed during the treatment process to help the treatment target achieve health goals.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options are music therapy
A.Patient Li feels very comfortable after hearing the music recommended by other patients
B.The doctor played hypnotic music for Zhou who was nervous and depressed.Zhou said he felt very relaxed
C.After a therapist listens to some music to the patient, the patient develops discomfort such as vomiting
D.Therapist Wang heard the sound of gurgling water in front of the mountain spring when he was traveling.

d
Self-media refers to an ordinary citizen or organization that can access the network at any time, any place, and in any way, and is connected with the global knowledge system through modern digital technology, and provides or shares their true views.Ways and instant communication.
According to the above definition, which of the following acts does not involve self-media?
A.Professor Zhang uploaded his courseware online for students to download
B.Li discusses food hygiene issues with netizens on Weibo
C.Xiao Zhang emailed the "Chinese-style Crossing the Road" to netizens
D.Lao Liu browses the news about the Spring Festival on the forum

c
Social sports are rich in content and diverse forms of the body performed by enterprises, employees of public institutions, the staff of state organs, and urban or rural residents and other groups to achieve fitness, fitness, fitness, entertainment, medical treatment and other purposes.Exercise activities.
According to the above definition, which of the following activities is not a social sport activity?
A.Mass running race organized by Beijing Sports Commission
B.A university held a friendly match between the faculty basketball team and the community basketball team
C.A city hosted the International Triathlon
D.A community resident tennis match at the National Olympic Sports Center

d
Distributed energy is a new type of power generation system built-in or near the user's locality.It can generate electrical energy and other forms of energy, and preferentially meet the needs of local users, and is managed by users.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are distributed energy
A.Gezhouba Hydropower Project meets the power needs of nearby provinces and cities
B.Electricity produced by a nuclear power plant is integrated into the national grid
C.A farmer uses biogas from his septic tank for lighting
D.A township in the western region builds a wind power station for power generation

a
The dwelling economy, also known as the idler economy, refers to the phenomenon that people allocate holiday time to family life and reduce business spending to bring business opportunities.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options belong to the home economy:
A.During the 11th holiday, audio-visual shops near a community provide home rental services for optical discs
B.The customer service staff of an online shopping website ordered fast food online because they needed to be on duty during holidays
C.During the holiday, the shopping mall A in a certain town can be used for shopping, while the shopping mall B is very popular because of promotion.
D.A courier company's orders fell sharply during the 11th holiday, because many people went to travel

b
The over-limit effect refers to the psychological phenomenon of extreme impatience or rebellion caused when people receive too many stimuli, are too strong, or the action time is too long.
According to the above definitions,
A.Kobayashi, because his mother is often nagging, he decided to look for work outside the school after graduation
B.Teacher Wang couldn't concentrate during class because his son died unexpectedly
C.Xiao Fang has been criticized by teachers for her poor academic performance, and she later gave up her studies
D.Xiaohua worked overtime for a week in a row and felt very tired.

d
Viral marketing refers to a marketing method in which the initiator sends the initial information of the product to the user, and then relies on the user's spontaneous word-of-mouth publicity.This strategy is like a virus, using rapid replication to spread the information to thousands.And even millions of audiences.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are viral marketing:
A.A company encourages them to sell the company's products to more people by developing customers as a sales channel
B.An enterprise holds an advertising creative design contest to allow consumers to design advertisements for related products.
C.A company randomly sends product advertisements via e-mail and informs that forwarding the advertisement can participate in the lottery
D.A merchant promoted with a unique advertising word, and netizens reposted it to quickly become a buzzword

c
The "shock", one of the "seven emotions" in traditional Chinese medicine, refers to a sudden and unexpectedly emotional experience that causes instability or visceral dysfunction, and then encounters a foreign body and sound and is accompanied by a nervous and terrifying emotional experience.
According to the above definition, which of the following can be considered as "surprise" in the following options is
A.Li was unconscious after falling down the stairs accidentally.He didn't feel abnormal after waking up, only felt that he had fallen asleep.
B.Wang, who was abducted by the gangster, was crying after being rescued, and took the hand of the police to claim that he was thankful.
C.Zhao was stunned after witnessing the tragedy of the car accident, and once again saw the motorcycle crashed to the ground when it suddenly braked
D.Zhou learned that he had won the 5 million prize when chatting with friends.He burst into tears and jumped up.

a
Regarding the 15 waiters at the front desk of a business hotel, there are three judgments as follows: Ⅰ.Some people can speak English proficiently; Ⅱ.Some people can't speak English proficiently; Ⅲ.The new Xiao Liu can't speak English proficiently.
If only one of these three judgments is true, which of the following must also be true? ?
A.15 waiters can speak English fluently
B.None of the 15 services speak English fluently
C.Only one person speaks English fluently
D.Only one person cannot speak English fluently

b
The formula is contaminated by Enterobacter sakazakii mainly from two sources: one is that the milk powder itself contains a small amount of Enterobacter sakazakii; the other is that it enters the formula through the surrounding environment and bacteria-contaminated appliances or hands.Therefore, the World Health Organization recommends Water below 70 degrees Celsius to prepare infant formula.
If the following statement is true, which one is the premise of the above conclusion?
A.The main cause of infantile diarrhea is Enterobacter sakazakii
B.Water above 70 degrees Celsius can kill Enterobacter sakazakii
C.Water temperature below 70 degrees will not affect the nutrition of milk powder
D.Most bacteria cannot survive in boiling water

c
There are many beautiful people who are not kind, but no one who is good is not beautiful.
which of the following can't be inferred from the above statement?
A.No one who is not beautiful is kind
B.Some beautiful people are kind
C.Some kind people are not beautiful
D.Some kind of people are beautiful

c
A supermarket holds a store celebration promotion.Among them, the specific provisions are as follows: Only when purchasing category A and category B goods at least one time on the day of the store celebration, can you get a bear gif If you purchase a Class A product or a Class B product, you can get a 20% discount on all the products purchased at the time.If you purchase more than five items of the Class B product, you can apply to become a VIP member.
If Zhang Li spends only one time in the supermarket on the day of the store celebration but does not purchase category B goods, which of the following must be true? ?
A.It is impossible to get 20% off for the products purchased by Zhang Li
B.Zhang Li is a VIP member and has purchased Category A goods
C.Zhang Li can't get a bear gift
D.Zhang Li may get a bear trophy

a
A passenger plane of Air France crashed in 009.If France and many other countries did not take active search and rescue operations, the wreckage of the crashed aircraft would not be found as early as possible.If the crashed aircraft design company provides technical support and sends experts to participate in the cause analysis of the crash, then The investigation report of the crash will be more objective.
If the above statement is true, which of the following cannot be false? ?
A.Either France and many other countries take active search and rescue operations, or the wreckage of the crashed plane will not be found early
B.Wreckage of the crashed aircraft will not be detected as early as possible unless technical support is provided by the crashed aircraft design company
C.Wreckage of the wrecked plane will be detected as early as possible if France and other countries take active search and rescue operations
D.If the crash aircraft design company provides technical support, the investigation report on the crash will be even more

d
Kindergarten teacher Ma and three children love, Coco and Anan play "Guess me, I'm the best" game, teacher Ma said to the children, "I put the red ball, yellow ball and blue ball in this hand separately.In the three drawers of the cabinet, can you guess what color balls are in each drawer? Guess the reward is the little red flower! "Then, she asked the children to close their eyes and put the three balls separately.In the three drawers, the children guessed as follows: Love said: "The red ball is in the top drawer and the yellow ball is in the middle drawer." Coco said: "The red ball is in the middle drawer and the blue ball is in the top drawer." An said: "The red ball is in the bottom drawer and the yellow ball is in the top drawer." The teacher told them that everyone was only half right.
May I ask: in which drawer are the red, yellow and blue balls? ?
A.Red ball in the middle drawer, yellow ball in the top drawer, blue ball in the bottom drawer
B.Red ball in the middle drawer, yellow ball in the bottom drawer, blue ball in the top drawer
C.Red ball in the top drawer, yellow ball in the bottom drawer, blue ball in the middle drawer
D.Red ball in the bottom drawer, yellow ball in the middle drawer, blue ball in the top drawer

a
A certain unit organizes employees to conduct medical examinations, and employees can voluntarily sign up to participate.Pharaoh met Xiao Li, a newcomer, and talked about this.Pharaoh reminded Xiao Li: "Where is the organization organizing a physical examination, hurry up and register." Xiao Li said, "I'm in good health, so I don't need to report."
Which of the following can be used as a hypothesis in Xiao Li's answer? ?
A.If you are not healthy, you must sign up for a medical examination
B.As long as I am healthy, I don't have to take a physical examination
C.Whoever signs up for the medical examination is unhealthy
D.Only people who are not healthy can sign up for the medical examination

d
After the results of an English final exam are announced, there are the following situations: Wang Dong scores lower than Dong Qiang, Wu Ping scores lower than Yue Li, Zhao Mei scores higher than Wu Ping, and Wang Dong scores the same as Zhao Mei.
If the above statement is true, which of the following must also be true? ?
A.Wang Dong scores lower than Wu Ping
B.Yue Li scores higher than Dong Qiang
C.Yue Li scores higher than Zhao Mei
D.Dong Qiang scores higher than Wu Ping

c
Of the students in Class A of a middle school, all the students who like Mathematical Olympiad also like to play Go.
If the above statement is true, and which of the following is added, it can be logically introduced: Some students who like to watch dramas do not like odd numbers? ?
A.Some students who like to watch drama also like to play Go
B.Some students who like Mathematical Odyssey do not like to watch the drama
C.Some students who do not like to play Go like to watch the drama
D.Some students who do not like dramas like to play Go

b
Among the headquarters staff of a well-known multinational company, all those who understand English are not proficient in Indonesian, some are not proficient in Spanish, some are proficient in Korean, are proficient in Indonesian, all are proficient in Spanish, and some are proficient in Korean.English.
If the above statement is true, which of the following must also be true? ?
A.Some Korean-speaking employees are not proficient in Indonesian
B.Some people who do n’t know Spanish well know Indonesian
C.Some Korean-speaking workers are not proficient in English
D.Some English speakers who are not proficient in Korean

a
In the men's curling project of the Sochi Winter Olympics in 014, both Team A and Team B entered the top eight.As for whether Team A and Team B can finally win the medal, there are the following assertions: I.Team A and Team B are at least one team can win medals.Ⅱ.Team A does not necessarily win medals.Ⅲ.Team B wins medals.Ⅳ.Team A cannot miss medals.
It is known that two of the above assertions are true and two are false.
A.Team A won the medal, Team B did not win
B.A.B teams both won medals
C.Neither team won the medal
D.Team B won the medal, Team A did not win

c
The governance of climate warming should be to find a way for carbon dioxide, not just to reduce emissions or simply bury it.To this end, scientists have proposed the concept of carbon-rich agriculture, which captures carbon dioxide generated by human activities, especially industrial production.At a concentration several times higher than the carbon dioxide content in the atmosphere, it is released in a small area of closed artificial climate, using related science and technology to create an efficient photosynthesis environment, thereby greatly increasing the yield of agricultural and forestry crops.Scientists believe that carbon-rich Agriculture will be an important way to address the issue of climate warming.
If the following statement is true, which one supports the scientist's conclusions best? ?
A.Traditional agriculture requires the use of land under the sun, while carbon-rich agriculture can be exempted from this restriction
B.It is difficult to use sunlight efficiently in artificial climate areas to promote photosynthesis
C.Modern technologies can capture, transport, and release carbon dioxide at a lower cost
D.Carbon-rich agriculture can use saline-alkali land, desert land, desert land, etc.to solve land shortages

c
Researchers performed DNA sequencing on parents and their children; they found that the father's age was related to genetic mutations in the children, and the DNA of the children of older fathers had genetic mutations related to autism, schizophrenia, etc.Therefore, the researchers concluded Men need to have children early.The older they are, the higher the child's risk of disease.
If the following statement is true, which of the following is the most questionable of this conclusion?
A.The older the male, the lower the sperm quality and the more gene mutation fragments are contained
B.The incidence of autism and schizophrenia is significantly higher in men than in women
C.Many test couples are similar in age, and the genetic mutations of their children are more likely to come from older mothers
D.The best childbearing age for men is later than that for women, but the overall childbearing age is significantly longer than for women

d
Human immune cells can be divided into two types, one is "army" type cells that protect the human body from invasion, and the other is "police" type cells that maintain internal law and order.The former is to achieve anti-virus infection through an antigen-antibody reaction.It usually takes a certain amount of time to react; the latter is also known as natural killer cells (NK cells).One million new cells are born in the human body every day, of which there are about 5,000 bad cells.They may cause canceration.NK cells can Early detection and attack of these bad cells and infected cells, research has confirmed that R-1 lactic acid bacteria in yogurt can increase NK cell activity.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Lack of NK cells will lead to cancelation of some human cells
B.Against the flu, yogurt even works faster than drugs
C."Army" type immune cells are more resistant to infection
D."Police" immune cells help the body fight cancer

a
Network cluster behavior refers to a certain number of relatively unorganized netizens, in a network environment or under the influence of network transmission, for a group of behaviors that are jointly affected or stimulated.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is behaviors of network clusters?
A."69" Jihad launched by netizens to resist irrational star chasing
B.In order to investigate the "Chen Yi sells himself to save his mother" incident that was popular on the Internet, a Shenzhen netizen went to Sichuan to investigate the truth
C.A university requires students to scan QR codes through classroom WeChat to complete sign-in work
D.Guild members meet irregularly offline in the "World of Warcraft" game developed by Blizzard

c
Sustainable consumption refers to consumption that can meet the needs of contemporary people's consumption and development without posing harm to the ability of future generations to meet their consumption and development needs.
According to the above definition, which of the following is sustainable consumption?
A.A rich man asks his children to make their own money to pay for food, clothing, and shelter
B.The inside of the tomb of a famous emperor has not been excavated, visitors can browse the surrounding scenery
C.Lack of water resources in a country, using "desalination" technology to increase the amount of freshwater
D.Some mobile phone manufacturers encourage consumers to change one phone per year

d
At present, with the development of digital technology, digital reading is becoming more and more popular.More people are willing to use computers, mobile phones, and various readers to read e-books.Moreover, e-books have a large storage capacity, convenient retrieval, convenient preservation, and cost Advantages such as low cost.Therefore, researcher Wang believes that traditional paper books will eventually be replaced by electronic books.
Which of the following, if true, would weaken Researcher Wang's point of view?
A.Although there are many conveniences in reading e-books, it is easier to damage vision than reading paper books.
B.Some readers are used to reading paper books and are not willing to read digitally
C.As soon as many best-selling books are published, they will be sold out shortly.It can be seen that there is still a large market for paper books.
D.Generally, the corresponding electronic books are allowed to circulate only under the premise that paper books are published

c
A member of a certain country believes that: "As long as workers' wages are raised, inflation will occur.If inflation occurs, the people will suffer losses.If people suffer losses, the government will lose the hearts of the people.Only when the government wins people's hearts can the country be harmonious and stable.
According to the member's point of view, which of the following can be introduced, except?
A.As long as workers' wages are raised, the government will lose popular support
B.If inflation occurs, the government will lose heart
C.Raising workers' wages and gaining government support
D.National harmony and stability cannot be coexisted with raising workers' wages

a
The Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) is not as scary as people think.According to statistics, the number of deaths due to MERS infection in January-June 2015 was significantly lower than the number of deaths due to the common cold in the same period.Therefore, the average Colds can threaten people's lives more than MERS.
Which of the following best refutes the above argument?
A.From January to June 2015, there were far more common cold patients than MERS patients
B.From January to June 2015, the outbreak of the MERS epidemic in South Korea seriously threatened the safety of people's lives
C.The cause of the common cold is different from the cause of MERS
D.Someone has a common cold, is infected with the MERS virus, and eventually dies

c
A unit is creating a smoke-free unit, and recently implemented new rules: smoking is prohibited in any place in the unit.Some smoking employees have failed to adapt to this requirement, but have ended in failure.Because the unit stipulated that the system change must go through the following procedures: Only when more than 15% of employees sign the proposal can all employees vote on it.As a result, the smoking employees' proposals were rejected by the majority of employees.
The most likely conclusion to be drawn from the above conclusion is that
A.Less than or equal to 85% of employees who voted negative
B.Less than 15% of employees signing proposals for smoking employees
C.No less than 15% of the employees who signed the proposal of smoking employees
D.An employee bookmarked the word, but voted again during the vote

b
During the lifetime of the human body, the human brain will constantly "optimize the reorganization" of brain neural connections and "trim" excess connections to ensure that useful connections are faster and smoother.Researchers selected 121 healthy people aged 4-20 Volunteers, using bump resonance technology, analyzed the changes in neural connections at this age as the brain develops and matures.It was found that the time when women begin to "trim" brain neural connections is generally earlier than that of men.Therefore, the researchers believe that Female brains are more efficient than male brains.
If the following statement is true, which one does not support the above conclusion?
A.School-age girls often show better understanding and language skills than boys of the same age
B.Errors in "trimming" brain neural connections can lead to autism, with significant gender differences in prevalence
C.When a boy can only focus on one job, a girl can handle multiple jobs at the same time
D.After "trimming" and "reorganizing" the brain, the efficiency of various cognitive activities is greatly improved.

c
Researchers conducted a follow-up study of 10,000 men with an average age of 65 years to assess whether they had depression and the incidence of stroke.None of these people had a history of stroke at the beginning of the study.The study found that the persistence of severe depressive symptoms doubled the risk of stroke The above are related, and the risk of stroke is not increased in those who have no or less depressive symptoms.Patients who have had severe depressive symptoms, even if their symptoms have resolved in the intervening period, their stroke risk is still the same as those who have always had There was no significant difference compared with people with major depression.
If the above statement is true, you can launch
A.Retrying depression is most likely to develop into a stroke
B.Depression is also more common in stroke patients
C.Having or have had major depression is a risk factor for stroke
D.Depression and stroke are common diseases in the elderly and often develop together

a
A scientist has criticized people ’s fear of chemical additives."If there are many additives on food labels, it will be frightening.But in fact, additives and preservatives are strictly controlled and metered.The real concern is sugar and fat in food.Preservatives are beneficial, and obviously, we are all willing to eat a well-preserved can and not want to die from the ingestion of botox."
If the following statement is true, which one does not support the scientist's point of view?
A.Many drugs are also chemical preparations.
B.Pure natural foods without additives are difficult to store and more expensive
C.Preservatives can effectively prevent food spoilage and breed bacteria
D.The key to food safety is the strict control of the type and amount of food additives

b
There are three female players in a dance team, Wang Hong, Zhang Jing, and Gao Wei.They are good friends from different provinces, or from Gansu or Shandong or Guangxi.Gao Wei has seen Zhang Jing's sister and Gao Wei's national standard dance.Better than the players from Guangxi.The players from Shandong are the only girls and their international dance is the worst of the three.
Can be inferred from this
A.Wang Hong is from Gansu and Zhang Jing is from Guangxi
B.Zhang Jing is from Guangxi and Gao Wei is from Gansu
C.Gao Yu danced the best and Zhang Jing did the worst
D.Wang Hong danced the worst, and Zhang Jing did the best

b
Researchers divided more than 600 patients with Alzheimer's into three groups, one with a certain dose of vitamin E, the other with medication, and the third with a placebo.Over the next two years, compared to patients taking a placebo, patients taking vitamin E experienced a slower decline in their ability to engage in daily activities such as planning, cooking and shopping.Patients who took the drug did not achieve similar clinical effects.Therefore, researchers believe that vitamin E supplements are expected to Become a potent cure for Alzheimer's disease.
If the following statement is true, which one would most challenge the researchers' conclusions?
A.Vitamin E is fat-soluble, not easy to metabolize, and can cause poisoning if taken in large quantities at one time
B.Alzheimer's is an irreversible disease, and symptoms can only be delayed and cannot be reversed
C.Vitamin E required by the normal human body can be taken from the diet without additional supplements
D.No vitamin E is added to current anti-dementia drugs

d
Some students who like ball games in the middle and high schools of a middle school have participated in the school sports meeting.Therefore, some students who like art do not like ball games.
In order for the above argument to be valid, what must be assumed about the high school students of the middle school?
A.All students who like ball games dislike fine arts
B.Students who have participated in school games all like ball games
C.All the students who like art have not participated in the school sports meeting
D.Some art-like classmates have not participated in the school sports meeting

a
Studies have shown that the global average temperature has not significantly increased over the past 15 years, which seems to contradict the general background of global warming caused by greenhouse gas emissions.However, temperature changes are caused by two parts, dynamic temperature, and radiant temperature, and their climate effects Research must consider both the interdecadal changes in the dynamic factors of the climate system, and quantify the role of radiant temperature caused by human activities.In fact, the dynamic temperature has shown a significant cooling trend in the past 15 years, and the radiant temperature has continued to rise.The offset has caused the stagnation of global temperature growth in recent years.
Which of the following inferences is correct?
A.Decadal changes in the dynamics of the climate system have "cooled" the atmospheric temperature
B.Megatrends in global warming caused by increased power and radiation temperatures
C.Air temperature stability depends on the same change in power temperature and radiation temperature
D.Dynamic cooling of the climate did not significantly contribute to global warming 15 years ago

b
Once upon a time, from a strange island, only M and N people lived on the island.The M people never spoke the truth, the N people always told the truth.One day, Xiao Zhang came to this island and encountered the island.Xiao Zhang asked A: "Are you from the M ethnic group?" A responded.According to the answer from A."A is not an M ethnic group." C said: "A is indeed an M ethnic group."
According to the above statement, how many of the three people can Xiao Xiao meet?
A.0
B.1
C.2
D.3

c
A school must select four of the seven students A.B, C, Gu, Wu, Ji, and G to form a debate team to participate in the city's debate competition.According to the usual training situation, the selection must meet the following conditions: To participate, C must also participate; unless B participates, Geng does not participate; at least one of A and B participates, but not both; at least one of Wu Heji, but not both.
Based on the above statement, which of the following students will definitely participate in the debate contest?
A.B or G, or both
B.Wu or Geng, or both
C.C or D, or both
D.C or E, or both

c
Real estate brokerage is an economic activity that uses commissions as the operating characteristics to facilitate the real estate transactions of others, and engages in the provision of real estate transactions, exchanges, leases, replacements, and other information, trust labor services, and intermediary agency services.
According to the above definition, which of the following is real estate agents?
A.As a community worker, Aunt Zhang often matches people who buy and sell houses in the community.
B.A real estate column is set up on a website to provide services for members who publish renting and selling information for free
C.An intermediary company accepts the commission of a real estate developer to sell its newly developed commercial housing
D.Property consultant Xiao Li bought a high cost-effective house through his real estate network

b
Complementary products refer to the existence of a certain type of consumption dependence between two products, that is, the consumption of one product must be matched with the consumption of another product.They can be divided into two categories.Ordinary complementary products refer to two products.There is no fixed ratio of simultaneous use; completely complimentary products refer to the fact that two products must be used simultaneously in a fixed and constant ratio.
Based on the definition above, which of the following is options correct?
A.French fries and burgers are common complements
B.Spectacle frames and lenses are completely complementary
C.Brushes and ink are completely complementary
D.Digital photo printer and film are common complementary products

c
Euphemism refers to a specific context.For the things that make people awe, fear, shame, discomfort, the information organizer intentionally uses speech, semantics, grammar and other means to form non-direct language or these things.Verbal expression, so as to avoid negative psychological reactions to the organizer of the information, the understander of the information, the third party involved in the discourse, the potential understander of the information.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is the euphemism used in the following options?
A.Wang recalled that his mother put "the tree wants to be quiet but the wind does not stop, and the child wants to raise and keep untouched" by his mouth
B.The poet changed "Spring Breeze to the South Bank" to "Spring Breeze to the South Bank"
C.A colleague asked Tian's mother's condition, she replied, "I'm old, I'm off the road"
D.After learning Chinese, foreign students met classmates on the road and asked, "Did you eat?

a
Legal transplantation refers to the absorption and use of the legal systems of other countries by other countries.
According to the above definition, which of the following is legal transplants?
A.Non-Western countries are forced or actively to implement Western laws after the colonialist expansion of Western powers
B.Zhang believes that the legal thought of the Athenian Gang embodies fairness, and that our law also embodies fairness
C.A backward country in Africa developed the legal history of a developed country and modified its legal system according to the actual situation
D.In the 18th century, France borrowed from China's secret examination and set up a national civil service examination

d
Random attention refers to the intention that has a predetermined purpose and requires the attention of a certain amount of effort: Involuntary attention means that there is no predetermined purpose in advance, and there is no need to pay attention to voluntary effort; after-attention after random occurs after random attention, both have certain Purpose tasks, without the attention of willpower.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is the following after you are at random?
A.Kobayashi found an illustration while reading a magazine.He thought it was good and took it with his camera.
B.An archery player was overly nervous during the game, causing a serious deviation in the angle when shooting the first arrow, and only got 2 rings.
C.When Kobayashi was reading in front of the window, he suddenly heard some noise outside.He looked up and found that two birds stopped on the tree.
D.Xiao Wang must pay full attention when he learns to drive.After he is skilled, he can listen to the radio while driving.

b
Perceived comprehensive impairment refers to the fact that when a patient perceives a real thing, it is correct as a whole of objective existence, but the individual attributes of the thing, such as size, shape, color, and spatial distance, are not related to the thing.Consistent perception.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is perceptual comprehensive disorders?
A.Wang often has hallucinations because he is addicted to the game, and the fighting scenes in the game appear in front of him.
B.Zhang often feels that the pendulum that is swinging has stopped swinging
C.Due to the high degree of myopia, Lee often recognizes the wrong person on the street and feels very depressed
D.Sun's ability to distinguish colors is poor, and it is a manifestation of color weakness after a doctor's inspection

d
The crime of mediation and bribery, also known as the occasional acceptance of bribes, refers to the convenience of the state staff by using their power to form a position, and through the behavior of staff of other countries, to obtain unfair benefits for the trustee, solicit the trustee's property or accept the trust People and property.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is crimes of mediation and bribery?
A.The principal of a private school, Zhang, received a red envelope from a student's parents, and entrusted his teacher to falsify the student's transcript.
B.Chairman Li gave his wife, the chief of the audit department, a car, which successfully made his company escape the audit review
C.Xiao Zhao, who is responsible for customs clearance of overseas goods, often receives gifts from overseas buyers and helps them evade taxes
D.Police Sun asked an old colleague from the traffic management bureau to help Xiao Li delete the illegal records and asked Xiao Li for a benefit

b
Resource nationalism refers to the realization of the goals of political service and country-specific development through the control and domination of resources and market intervention based on the country's legal jurisdiction over natural resources.
According to the above definition, which of the following is resource nationalisms?
A.Cooperation between a country's development and petroleum resource countries to continue to diversify the source of crude oil imports
B.A country has strengthened the mining license for a rare metal and set a high threshold for foreign investment
C.Special tourist souvenirs developed by a company are so popular that they have to be sold in limited quantities
D.Government organizations and technology companies produce high-quality steel and rely on exports for profits

a
Merger refers to the acquisition of another company by an enterprise, and usually occurs in the form of the acquisition of the stock of another enterprise by the company.The main forms include: (1) vertical mergers, which occur when two enterprises are at different stages of the production process Time; (2) horizontal merger, which occurs when two enterprises are in the same market; (3) mixed merger, which occurs when two enterprises operate separately in two unrelated markets.
Based on the definition above, which of the following is options correct?
A.A Juice Company's acquisition of Boke Cola is a horizontal merger
B.A mobile phone company acquires B computer company, which is a vertical merger
C.A flour mill was acquired by B bread mill, a mixed merger
D.A commercial housing development company acquires B property management company, which is a mixed merger

c
Explicit knowledge is the knowledge that can be fully expressed by humans in a certain code system (such as language, mathematical formulas, various charts, Braille, sign language, semaphores, and other symbolic forms).As opposed to tacit knowledge, it usually refers to people The knowledge that is known but difficult to describe depends on personal experience.Tacit knowledge based on the body refers to the tacit knowledge produced and applied by the subject in the process of cognition, which is more rooted in the use of human body functions or the use of tools.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is the most typical one of the following behaviors using body-based tacit knowledge?
A.A company has developed a set of financial software that allows users to simulate the situation of stock trading without spending cash.
B.Kindergarten teachers help children understand the meaning of some idioms through storytelling, analogy, etc.
C.A doctor with 20 years of surgical experience performs a bone marrow transplant on a patient
D.Some researchers use the principle of buoyancy to make submarines and design streamlined shapes that reduce drag

d
In the past 12 months, the sales volume of new energy electric vehicles in a city has increased significantly.Accompanying this, there have been more and more reports on new energy electric vehicles by media such as TV and the Internet.Electric vehicle sellers believe that the increase in sales of new energy electric vehicles is mainly due to the publicity role of increasing media reports.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the opinion of the electric car seller?
A.Many people who report on new energy electric vehicles are environmentalists, and they like to promote electric vehicles.
B.Some consumers buy new energy electric vehicles because of the low success rate of traditional car lottery
C.Individual consumers buy new energy electric vehicles because they can get government subsidies
D.People who have read reports about new energy electric vehicles rarely buy this type of car

b
The robber Q entered the room from the window or from the door.It was found that Q did not enter the room from the door, so he must have entered the room from the window.
Which of the following is most similar to the structure of the above certification?
A.A calligraphy and painting excavated in recent archeology are either of the Tang Dynasty or the Song Dynasty.It has been identified that this calligraphy and painting is of the Tang Dynasty, so it must not be of the Song Dynasty
B.At midnight, the brightest star in the sky is either Cowherd or Weaver.It has been confirmed that the brightest star in the sky is not Weaver, so it must be Cowherd.
C.If a number is divisible by 8, it can be divided by 4.A number X cannot be divided by 4, so X cannot be divided by 8.
D.Xiaohua usually surfs the Internet or sends and receives emails, or chats with QQ, or plays games.On Sunday afternoon, she did not have a QQ chat on the Internet, so she must have sent and received emails.

d
John loves rock climbing and shooting.None of his college classmates like both rock climbing and shooting, but all of his middle school and college classmates like swimming.
If the above assertion is true, which of the following cannot be true?
A.In addition to rock climbing and shooting, John also enjoys swimming
B.All John's classmates like swimming
C.All sports that John likes, half of his high school classmates also like
D.All the sports that John likes, half of his college classmates also like

a
A restaurant announced that "the newly developed fume exhaust system has not yet completed a 6-month test inspection, but it has not failed so far, so the company decided to install it in the restaurant kitchen.After all, this system can solve the fume problem more effectively "The restaurant's chef said," We can't use an untested fume system, let's talk about it in six months."
Which of the following best supports the chef's objections?
A.New systems that can handle oil fume more effectively may also have new problems
B.Although the new fume extraction system is more difficult to operate than before, it has some new capabilities
C.The new fume exhaust system has a longer warranty period and is easy to maintain
D.Many safety incidents are caused by fume exhaust systems

c
In the United States, all members of the X Institute are opposed to human consumption of genetically modified foods, and company Y, which specializes in producing genetically modified corn, believes that all genetically modified foods are safe and encourages people to eat with confidence.Some university professors also serve as company leadership.
Assuming the above statement is true, which of the following must be true?
A.Some university professors are academicians of the American X Institute
B.Some academicians support human consumption of genetically modified foods
C.Some university professors support people to eat genetically modified food
D.Some university professors do not support people to eat genetically modified food

b
In the natural state of the atmosphere, free-falling bodies are disturbed by air resistance.To eliminate this interference, a vacuum environment must be created.In the era of Galileo, people could not create a vacuum environment by technical means.Therefore, Galileo The factor of air resistance can only be put aside in thinking, and the motion of a falling body in a vacuum is conceived, so that the law of free-falling body is reached, which overturns Aristotle's conclusion about the falling body.
For Galileo's law of free fall to be true, which of the following must be premised?
A.People at the time we're able to conduct the same thought experiments
B.Galileo's thought experiment conforms to the laws of movement in a vacuum
C.Galileo validated by realistic experiments at the Leaning Tower of Pisa
D.Galileo envisions various possibilities

d
At a class meeting, the teacher asked everyone: "What should be the mentality of success?" Zheng Lei said, "Continuously work hard, live to learn the old." Liu Lian said, "Keep contentment, sure "I have achieved what I have achieved," said the teacher."Your perspectives are good, and the combination is accurate: a successful mentality requires constant effort and contentment."
which of the following can't be launched according to the teacher?
A.Zheng Lei and Liu Lian's views are not comprehensive
B.A person with a contentment and happiness mentality may be a person with a success mentality
C.A person with a mentality of success must be a person with a mentality of continuous hard work
D.A mentality of constant hard work is as important as a contentment

c
Studies have investigated the consumption of fermented foods such as kimchi, yogurt and the incidence of social anxiety by college students, and found that eating fermented foods can significantly reduce the occurrence of social anxiety symptoms.The possible reason is that fermented foods can promote digestion and absorption and improve the intestines.Probiotics in the environment, promote emotional health by improving digestive function.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the above conclusions?
A.The incidence of social anxiety is also related to personality, gender, age, etc.
B.Many emotionally healthy college students never eat fermented foods such as kimchi, yogurt
C.Kimchi consumption and social anxiety incidence among university students in a country
D.Many students with test anxiety or social anxiety have diarrhea symptoms to varying degrees

a
This is true for almost all mathematicians: they are able to identify the correct proof and the invalidity of the incorrect proof, although they cannot define the precise meaning of a proof.
From this, it can be inferred which of the following must be true?
A.People who can identify correct and incorrect certifications may not be able to define the precise meaning of a certification
B.Some mathematicians cannot identify the invalidity of incorrect proofs
C.No mathematician can define the exact meaning of a proof
D.Some mathematicians do not recognize the correct proof, but can recognize the incorrect proof

c
"Every school you build, you have one less prison," Hugo said."Every time you close a school, you have to open a prison." In their view, education can reduce crime.Some scholars believe that in recent years, with the large-scale expansion of education, the higher the degree of education, the lower the crime rate.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the scholar's point of view?
A.In 2015, an undergraduate from a university killed his mother and fled afterward.
B.The more educated a person is, the better he understands the provisions of various laws and regulations, the easier it will be to dig into law and commit crimes
C.In recent years, most crimes are economic crimes, and the crime rate of highly educated people is significantly higher than that of educated people.
D.People with low educational level have relatively little knowledge of the law, and generally, have lower living conditions and are more vulnerable to risk

b
Miao Miao is a student in a children's dance class and she likes folk dance.For this dance class, they either like Latin dance or ballet; those who like folk dance do not like ballet.
Which of the following is true if Miao Miao likes hip-hop?
A.Some students who like Latin dance also like hip-hop
B.Of the dance class students, those who like Latin dance like hip-hop
C.The dances the students of the dance class like are limited to folk dance, Latin dance, ballet, and hip-hop
D.Folk dance and hip-hop are easier than ballet

d
Facing the parents' doubts about the formaldehyde exceeding the standard in the classroom that has been renovated for two months in a primary school, the principal of the elementary school responded: "I have visited all the classrooms one by one, and did not smell any odor, so the formaldehyde did not exceed the standard."
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the principal's certification?
A.Different people have different feelings about the taste.
B.More than three months after the completion of the decoration of a new house, formal inspections have shown that formaldehyde still exceeds the standard.
C.Even if the room has no odor after decoration, there may be a possibility of formaldehyde exceeding the standard within a few months after decoration.
D.Formaldehyde is a colorless and odorless gas.You cannot judge whether the formaldehyde exceeds the standard by the taste of the room.

c
In recent days, continuous rainfall in the southern part of the country has caused many artificial fish ponds to be flooded.Therefore, several fish-farming experts have predicted the price trends of catfish and carp? Li Qiang said: Only when the price of catfish increases, carp prices will rise; Sun Zhen said: The price of at least one of catfish and carp will rise; Wang Gang said: only if the price of carp does not rise, the price of catfish will not rise; and if the price of catfish does not rise, the price of catfish will not rise.
If it turns out that all three experts' predictions are true, which of the following must be true?
A.Catfish prices rise, carp prices do not rise
B.Catfish prices do not rise, carp prices rise
C.Both catfish and carp prices have risen
D.Prices of both catfish and carp have not risen

b
Ms.Zhang is very beautiful, and for many years likes to wear skirts in winter to show her graceful figure.Since last winter, she felt pain in the knee joint every cold and cold day.After the doctor's diagnosis, she got arthritis.So Zhang The woman believes that wearing less on a cold day is the cause of arthritis.
Which of the following, if true, would most question Ms.Zhang's point of view?
A.Some young ladies in Japan like to wear skirts in winter, but they do not suffer from arthritis because they wear less on cold days
B.Modern medical research shows that the root cause of arthritis is strain, infection or creation, and wearing cold joints on cold and cold days is prone to seizures.
C.Ms.Zhang's sister and she lives in a city.For many years, she also likes to wear skirts in winter, but she does not have arthritis.
D.Many people who wear more on cold days also have arthritis, and most of them are middle-aged and elderly

d
Director Zhang is sorting the last three shows of the party, and the adjacent programs cannot belong to the same genre.Director Zhang has to choose from three skit shows, three-song shows, and three dance shows.For three programs, Which of the following conditions must be met: if the first program is a skit, the second program is a dance, if the second program is a song, then the first program is a dance, and the third program is a skit or a dance.The second show is a song
Which of the following is the possible sequence of the program?
A.Program one: sketch program two: dance program three: dance
B.Program one: sketch program two: song program three: dance
C.Program 1: Song Program 2: Essay Program 3: Dance
D.Program one: Dance program two: Sketch program three: Songs

c
The involute effect refers to the fact that an individual is engaged in the same job for a long time and is maintained at a certain level, but just repeats itself without any changes and improvements.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are consistent with the involution effect:
A.Xiaoli changed five jobs in three years after graduating from university.
B.Teacher Qian has worked in the library for more than ten years.Although research results are often published, he has not been promoted.
C.Lao Yang has been looking for more than 20 years in the city and has been working as a security guard for a company for a long time.
D.Aunt Liu said that her husband, Mr.Zhang, was stubborn.After decades together, Mr.Zhang did not improve.After decades, he did not improve.

d
Interactive teaching is a teaching method that improves the teaching effect by creating a multilateral interactive teaching environment and achieving the collision and fusion of different viewpoints in the process of equal communication and discussion between the two teaching parties.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are interactive teaching:
A.A college introduces Confucianism to foreign students through cultural lectures
B.Teacher Wang leads education students to carry out classroom teaching simulation experiments
C.Xiao Wang feels that his English is not good, he signs up for one-on-one tutoring after class
D.Student and teacher debate in class

b
The flash effect is a term in psychology, also known as flash memory, which refers to the phenomenon that individuals easily leave deep and accurate memories of shocking events, and the accuracy of memory does not diminish over time.Events are the most important events related to individuals.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are the flash effects:
A.Feng Yu was reading the text when he was in a good mood, and was very impressed by the content of the text
B.Xiao Wang, who survived the Wenchuan earthquake, still remembers the scene at that time eight years later
C.The way Gao Yang went to the school when he was a child is still accurately identified when he returns home after a lapse of 40 years
D.Reunited comrades-in-law who have lost contact for 30 years, many life chores of the year are still vivid

a
A concept is a form of thinking that reflects the essential attributes of an object.The extension of a concept refers to all objects that have the essential attributes reflected by the concept.According to whether there is an overlapping part between concept extensions, the relationship between concepts can be divided into compatible relations and Incompatible relationship: The compatible relationship between concepts refers to the relationship where the extensions of two concepts at least partially overlap.
According to the above definition, Which of the following concepts are not compatible:
A.Conductor-semiconductor
B.U.S.Capital-Washington
C.Writer-Chinese Writer
D.College students-Communist Party members

c
Local protectionism refers to the tendency of local governments to use their administrative power to implement differential treatment of local enterprises and foreign enterprises in order to safeguard or expand local interests in the region.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following situations belong to local protectionism:
A.A mountainous area in the south of the country refuses to visit the mountainous area to protect the local rare wild flora and fauna resources
B.In order to ensure the market share of local brands, a local government exaggerated the defects of similar products in other places in publicity reports.
C.In order to protect the interests of local supermarket chains, a multinational supermarket group was restricted from issuing tuxedos by charging high taxes and fees.
D.A city government blindly develops the local economy and ignores the retry pollution problem of large chemical plants

b
Homogeneity effect means that the behavioral injustice of an individual in the society will be affected by the individual's own material, and at the same time, it will also be affected by people who have the same or similar status, experience, or background as his surroundings, thereby changing when the individual exists alone Possible actions.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following belong to the same group effect:
A.Xiaojiang saw a lot of people lining up to buy discounted eggs in the supermarket.She remembered that the eggs at home were almost finished, so she went to the line with others.
B.Xiaona originally planned to join the job after graduation, but the dormitory students are actively preparing for the postgraduate entrance examination.Xiaona thinks that the postgraduate entrance examination is also good and has joined the ranks of the postgraduate entrance examination.
C.Xiao Zhao has a disability in his legs, but he is not depressed.He encourages himself with the deeds of Zhang Haidi and others.People with physical disabilities can also create value for society through hard work.
D.Xiao Fang believes that everyone should build a family and have children.Later, she met some bachelors and realized that people have multiple lifestyle choices.

a
As a traditional form of journalism, in-depth reporting refers to the fact that journalists take social development issues as the main content, use scientific methods of analysis and interpretation to report, safeguard public interests, and guide public opinion.No matter how the in-depth reporting is defined, social and Two key points of depth.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are in-depth reports:
A.A reporter conducted a systematic investigation of the haze weather and published a half-hourly news report in the media.
B.In the evening news of a TV station, report on a certain minister's inspection in a certain place
C.A number of newspapers and websites track the aftermath of the Malaysia Airlines MH370 crash
D.A newspaper published a report on a city explaining why it is worth investing in

a
Art derivatives are a combination of art and goods derived from artworks, with certainly added value in art.They include books signed and signed by the artist for limited collection and appreciation, and stationery printed with the artist's representative works., Daily necessities, clothing and accessories, and collectible products combined with artistic elements.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not art derivatives:
A.Collection of portrait paintings by famous painting master Qi Baishi
B.C.D., signed by the famous pianist Lang Lang
C.The fountain pen used by Mr.Bingxin during his lifetime
D.Gold and silver commemorative coins with Xu Beihong's famous painting as a pattern

d
The herd boy economy refers to the shepherd boy regardless of the damage to the grassland when grazing.In economics, it is likened to the pursuit of high production (consumption of natural resources) and high consumption (commodity conversion into pollutants).Consumption of natural resources and the selection of environmental pollution caused by waste accumulation.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following belong to the shepherd's economy:
A.The excrement of passengers in the spacecraft is processed and purified and converted into oxygen, water and salt for recovery and use by passengers
B.Pig manure and part of straw are used as raw materials for biogas digesters, and the biogas produced can be used for cooking and lighting.
C.A lot of funds were invested in organizing villagers to plant apple trees in a certain place.
D.In order to increase crop yield in a certain place, a large amount of water, chemical fertilizers and pesticides are consumed, causing pollution of soil and groundwater

c
A girl wants to learn embroidery as a livelihood craft, but she ca n’t afford needle money and fabrics, and there is no teacher to worship.She spent ten years embroidering for others for free, using embroidery materials provided by others, to train her excellent skills.The embroidery technique has gained a reputation and accumulated a lot of patterns.Ten years later, she embroidered at a price higher than the market, and still has many customers.Some scholars have proposed the embroidery concept, which means that when a person's career begins, he can use the "resources" of others, volunteer or work for those who provide resources at a price lower than the market, in order to complete the accumulation of their skills, relationships, funds, and other resources, and to achieve success in career development.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are consistent with embroidery theory:
A.Xiaojiang specializes in the wholesale of outdoor sportswear.He adopted a small-profit and long-sale strategy and proactively set a slightly lower price than other merchants in the same market.The store he operated has gradually become the largest outdoor sportswear store in the wholesale market.
B.Xiaoqi has been engaged in various occupations such as engineer and teacher.He studied management engineering, personnel management, and other courses when he was a graduate student.Human resources management has integrated all the knowledge he has learned in the past, and he has achieved great success in this field after graduation.
C.Xiao Liu is a graduate student in human resources.During school, he did the planning and project design for many companies free of charge.Upon graduation, due to his rich experience, he successfully entered the human resources department of a global top 500 company.
D.Xiao Li is an undergraduate student in chemistry.During his sophomore year, he used the school's work-study opportunity to tutor a number of high school students.

d
Wechat generally refers to small individual behaviors that take individuals as the unit and use the carrier channels derived from the web 3.0 era to combine traditional methods with the Internet.There are no regional restrictions and mobile sales can achieve new breakthroughs in sales channels.
According to the above definition, which of the following is quotients?
A.A large cosmetics company sells products on WeChat accounts, attracting a large number of consumers
B.An optical store has attracted many young consumers to buy through vigorous promotion
C.Li Mou's hotel provides a telephone booking service
D.Zhang has a good business in the clothing store in the city center.He sells more on WeChat

a
Organizational learning refers to the various actions taken by an organization around information or knowledge skills in order to achieve development goals and improve core competitiveness.It is a process in which an organization continuously strives to change or redesign itself to adapt to a continuously changing environment.
According to the above definition, Which of the following belong to organizational learning is (
A.A large state-owned company in China sends people to study science and technology courses
B.Li Ming attends weekend management course for promotion
C.A foreign company working team goes to Sanya for holidays
D.A group organizes new employees to carry out outdoor development

c
Red tide, also known as "red tide".Red tide is one or more tiny phytoplankton, protozoa, or bacteria in the ocean that suddenly multiply or accumulate suddenly under certain environmental conditions, causing a certain sea area to change color within a period of Natural ecological phenomenon.Red tide is a marine biological disaster.Usually, the color of the water body is red, yellow, green, and brown due to the number and type of red tide organisms.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are most likely to be red tide phenomena:
A.The water body turned blue many times in the middle reaches of the Yangtze River
B.The water of Lake Begnas in Pokhara, Nepal has turned red
C.Frequent redness of water bodies in the Seto Inland Sea and Ariake Sea
D.Floods in parts of the Mississippi River

b
Online fiction refers to novels created by authors and published on the Internet for the first time, and formed in serial mode.Compared with traditional novels, online fictions are more focused on entertainment and readers' experience while reading.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is online novels?
A.Xiao Zhang wrote his postgraduate's bumpy experience as an article and posted it on the Internet.Many postgraduate students were touched by it and retweeted millions of times.
B.Xiao Huang wrote a long novel based on the folk stories told by Xu and published it on the website.It is updated daily.After the novel is over, the publisher actively contacts Xiao Huang and intends to publish it.
C.Xiao Jin draws long-length comics based on "Journey to the West", serialized and published online every day, and is sought after by many netizens
D.Xiao Jiang wrote an uncivilized phenomenon in life and published it on the Internet.The television director contacted him and wanted to shoot his novel into a civilized propaganda film.

d
Telecom fraud refers to criminals publishing false information, setting up scams, and conducting remote, contactless fraud on victims through telephone, network, and text messages to induce victims to make payments or transfer money to criminals and illegally embezzle others property Crime.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are not classified as telecommunications fraud:
A.Wang initiated a group purchase of new houses online, promising a deposit of 1,000 yuan to 50,000 yuan.After the customer paid the deposit, he found that the real estate was sold out and Wang disappeared.
B.Lee stole the WeChat avatar of Mr.Zhang who was on a business trip, posing as Mr.Zhang by sending a WeChat message to Mrs.Zhang saying that an accident had occurred and he had defrauded 20,000 yuan
C.Zhang lied that he was suffering from an incurable disease, forged a medical certificate, fabricated a fake story and put it online, and raised 30,000 yuan in medical expenses through crowdfunding
D.Mrs.Li called to find cleaning, and the cleaner Wang sent by the housekeeping company flickered.Mrs.Li bought thousands of yuan of health products from her husband's shop.

d
Survivor bias, also known as "survivor bias" or "survivor bias", is a common logical fallacy that refers to seeing the results of a screening process without being aware of the process of screening, Therefore, the key information that is filtered out is ignored.
Based on the above definitions, what does the following that does not meet the survivor's bias?
A.An internet tycoon succeeded in dropping out of college and starting a business, and many people lamented that it was no use to go to college.The people who dropped out of college succeeded and became their own bosses.So many people who graduated from college are still working for their bosses.
B.During World War II, military experts considered that the armored protection of the fuel tank and the driver's cabin should be strengthened in order to reduce the chance of being shot down by artillery, based on the characteristics of the most shots in the wing and tail positions of the aircraft returning from the battle.
C.The girl who won the gold prize in the International Piano Competition said that she had today's results because her parents had been disciplined since childhood and forced her to insist on playing the piano.Xinxin's mother thought: As long as Xinxin insists on practicing piano every day, she will also become a piano in the future Family
D.Mr.Wang firmly believes in "the longevity of wine drinkers", because he surveyed many longevity elderly people around him and found that many of them often drink wine

a
The anchoring effect refers to the fact that when people make judgments about someone or something, they are subject to the first impression or the first information, and they fix people's thoughts somewhere like anchors sinking into the sea.
According to the above definition, what does the following do not meet the sinking anchor effect?
A.Xiao Gao had a suit and shoes during the interview.He talked freely and humbly, and the supervisor was very satisfied with him.However, during the internship, the supervisor found that Xiao Gao was very disappointed and was disappointed with him.
B.Liu opened a jewelry store.He intentionally marked the price of the jewelry slightly higher than the acceptable price, and then offered to give customers discounts.The customers thought that the jewelry in this store was very affordable.
C.Mr.Zhang's content was rich and humorous in the first class.The students evaluated him very well.In the second class, Mr.Zhang's lectures were tedious.The students felt that Mr.Zhang was in a bad state today, which affected his performance.
D.A leather goods manufacturer only establishes exclusive stores at airports and high-end department stores, and intends to be adjacent to world-famous brand stores.Although its products are slightly more expensive than other similar domestic products, sales have continued to increase in recent years.

d
Environmental immigration refers to various population migration behaviors caused by the sudden or gradual adverse impact of the natural environment and human settlement environment of human existence, including voluntary, involuntary, forced afterward, pre-planned, temporary , Permanent, individual and family-sponsored, government-led types of immigration.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not classified as environmental resettlement?
A.The collective evacuation of residents of the Chernobyl nuclear-contaminated area
B.Restricting ecological migration after grazing in order to protect the Sanjiangyuan area
C.People in the Central Plains moved south during the Anshi Rebellion
D.A large number of herders moved south after the capital of the Yuan Dynasty

c
Immediate infringement means that before the infringement activity begins, the right holder has evidence to prove that an action will soon constitute an infringement of his own intellectual property rights, or that the normal continuation of the action will necessarily constitute an infringement, and the right holder can sue according to law.
According to the above definition, which of the following is cases that can be prosecuted for infringement?
A.The well-known band Black Eyed Peas' new album "Night Sky" is on sale.At the same time, another low-profile band named Black Rice Fruit is also making an album named "Starry Sky".
B.Ice cream in the shape of a little snowman is loved by children.Recently, a cottage-like snowman with a very similar shape has appeared on the market.
C.Xiao Zhang is the manager of the R & D department of a software development company.He masters the core technology of a patented product of the company.Later, Xiao Zhang was dug away by another company and was developing a similar product.
D.Xiaoxiao Shulang's electronic products have been well received after the listing, and another company is also following the development of a small champion human-computer interactive learning machine.

d
In a country's presidential campaign, candidate G received more than 50,000 votes in state X and more than 30,000 votes in state Y.Based on this, Mr.John believes that G has a higher support rate in state X.
Which of the following, if true, can refute Mr.John's point?
A.Candidate G has made a public speech in State X, but has never been to State Y
B.Candidate G is a Christian and there are many more Christians in State X than State Y
C.X supports more women in candidate G than in-state Y
D.Y has half the population of State X

b
In recent years, smartphones have become the main products sold in the mobile phone market, and sales of feature phones (non-smartphones) have fallen sharply.A mobile phone manufacturer predicts that "smartphones will soon completely replace feature phones."
Which of the following, if true, could contradict the prediction of the phone maker?
A.In addition to calling, texting, and other functions, smartphones are also convenient for surfing the Internet, and are loved by consumers.
B.Many elderly people will only use feature phones, and mobile phones are an essential communication tool in their lives
C.With fewer and fewer people buying non-smartphones, no manufacturer is willing to reproduce non-smartphones
D.Smartphones provide many conveniences for work and entertainment, more and more people choose to buy smartphones

a
Gao Shuan suffers from pseudomyopia.In order to restore his vision to a normal state, Doctor Li asked Gao Shuan to stop playing online games.
To make Dr.Lee's request convincing, which of the following must be assumed?
A.Pseudomyopia patients play online games, which will seriously affect their vision to return to a normal state
B.Playing online games is the main cause of false myopia
C.Doctor Li has rich experience and he cured more than 90% of patients with pseudomyopia who came to the clinic
D.If myopia is not relieved in time, it will lead to true myopia

c
Alcohol advertising often tells people that drinking less alcohol is fine, and controlling the amount of alcohol consumed may also be good for the heart.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.The optimal amount of alcohol for each person is different, which depends on factors such as personal age, gender, and folic acid intake
B.Alcohol may be beneficial for those with low HDL, a healthy diet and plenty of exercises
C.Survey Shows 80% of Alcohol Advertising Recognizes Over Beautification and Exaggerates the Benefits of Drinking
D.Limited content of beneficial ingredients such as resveratrol and antioxidants in red wine

d
There are four famous sculptors Zhang Ming, Yang Gang, Li Qiang, and Liu Qing in City L.All the famous statues of the city in the past 20 years have been produced by one of them.All four of them have a habit: to work in the works after completion Lettering messages inconspicuous places.It is known that the messages of Zhang Ming and Yang Gang are always true, and the messages of Li Qiang and Liu Qing are always false.It is found that a famous figure carved by L City last year,
According to the above message, it can be determined that this image is carved by Li Qiang, so the content of the message should be
A.This image is not carved by Zhang Ming
B.This image is not carved by Yang Gang
C.This image was carved by Li Qiang
D.This image is carved by Liu Qing

a
According to reports, the northern hemisphere is relatively densely populated, and human activities such as the burning of fossil fuels continue to drive up carbon emissions, so the carbon dioxide concentration in the atmosphere of the northern hemisphere reached the benchmark level of 400PPM in 2013.In contrast, the southern hemisphere has less human activity, while Antarctica is sparsely populated, but even so, the carbon dioxide concentration in Antarctica reached the benchmark value of 400PPM in June 2017.
Based on the above information, is the following inference correct?
A.The impact of human activities on the earth has reached the polar regions
B.Increased carbon dioxide concentration has a profound impact on Antarctica landforms
C.Carbon dioxide concentration in Antarctica will not drop below 400PPM
D.Carbon dioxide concentrations in the Arctic far exceeded those in the Antarctic 4,5 years ago

a
A survey found that people with depression use their mobile phones for an average of 122 minutes per day, while those without depression use an average of 59 minutes per day.Some people have suggested that playing a mobile phone may affect mood, The more time, the more likely you are to be depressed.
Which of the following, if true, does not support the above conclusion?
A.Playing a mobile phone for a long time, especially before going to bed, may cause insufficient sleep time and cause emotional problems.
B.Playing with your phone for a long time will expose you to huge amounts of data, which cannot be processed in a timely manner, which can easily cause depression, irritability, and fatigue, and increase the risk of depression
C.People who spend too much time and energy on their mobile phones will inevitably reduce their contact with people in reality.Escaping from facing reality is one of the characteristics of depression.
D.People who have been playing mobile phones for a long time usually spend most of their time online and playing games instead of chatting with friends.Lack of interpersonal support is a risk factor for depression.

c
Bike sharing, as a new thing, has developed rapidly recently.The shadow of bike-sharing can be seen almost everywhere in the streets and streets of the city.Bike-sharing constitutes a new beautiful landscape of the city and also provides convenience for people.Citizens are worried about the entire bicycle production industry.They believe that the emergence and large-scale use of shared bicycles have made many individuals who plan to buy bicycles no longer buy.Therefore, the entire bicycle industry's production and sales volume have decreased.
Which of the following, if true, would most undermine the conclusions of these citizens
A.Bicycle manufacturers of different brands will face more intense market competition.Some manufacturers will cooperate with bike-sharing companies to produce and sell more bicycles.
B.There are also many problems with shared bicycles.For example, there are hidden safety hazards and they cannot be found in time when there is a demand.Some people are still willing to buy their own bicycles.
C.Bicycle sharing is produced by a bicycle manufacturer commissioned by the company that owns the bicycle-sharing, and the number of bicycle-sharing far exceeds the purchase amount due to personal needs
D.The use of shared bicycles requires an online account application, and WeChat scanning is required when using them.Many middle-aged people do not go online, so they are more willing to buy bicycles by themselves.

b
Hundreds of poor children in India have suffered from an acute brain disease each year since 1995.Children often develop epileptic symptoms early in the morning, and many children die quickly.This usually occurs from May to July each year.Litchi is abundant in the region, and May to July is the time when the litchi matures, so some people suspect that the disease may be related to litchi.Studies have found that all litchi contain methylene-cyclopropyl glycine and hypoglycin.These two substances are higher in content.Researchers believe that these patients are hypoglycin and methylene-cyclopropyl glycine poisoning, and the disease outbreak is indeed related to the large consumption of litchi.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Methylenecyclopropylglycine and hypoglycin were detected in urine samples of all children
B.Residents have restricted the number of litchis eaten daily by children according to official recommendations, and the number of patients has decreased significantly after two years
C.Sick children are more likely to have eaten lychee before their illness than children who have no symptoms
D.Sick children are more likely to eat raw or rotten litchi than children without symptoms

c
The general public generally believes that early music training can enhance individuals' sound and speech processing capabilities.However, some psychologists have expressed doubts about this.Researchers investigated 1,211 identical twins and 1358 born between 1959 and 1985.For fraternal twins, record their music practice time and evaluate their musical ability.They found that longer practice time does not show better musical ability, for example, a pair of identical identical twins have a music practice time difference of 20228 hours, but their musical abilities are exactly the same.These researchers believe that without the right genes, even 20,000 hours of practice would not make sense, and musical abilities are determined by genes.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the researchers' conclusions?
A.Musical ability evaluation uses fingers to simulate fast-paced music, and finger flexibility is genetically affected
B.Individuals with genetically superior hearing skills may choose to become musicians on their own and practice longer
C.Identical twins usually have "telepathic" affects the individual's performance in the musical ability test
D.Individuals with poor musical ability will underestimate their practice time in order to maintain psychological balance

c
H's recruitment team has a term of two years, and each year consists of five people.Three of the five are from five executives John, Jones, Mary, Anne, and Adam, and two are from three senior engineers.Lun, Tracy McGrady, and Peter.Each year, one member of the group serves as the group leader.The member who serves as the group leader in the first year must leave the group the following year.In addition, the group must meet the following requirements: Lun cannot be a member of the group in the same year; (2) Each year, there is one and only one of Annie and Ellen.Ellen served as the group leader in the first year,
Of the following options, who must participate in the group in the second year?
A.Jones, Annie
B.Jones, Peter
C.Annie, Tracy McGrady
D.Adam, Peter

a
A study found that living in poverty can lead to changes in certain genes that enhance the activity of the brain regions responsible for coping with panic, such as increased activity of the amygdala, which increases the risk of depression.There is also a link between socioeconomic status and low levels of serotonin, which in turn increases the risk of depression.Researchers have also found that this genetic change is also passed on to future generations.
Based on the above research, can we know?
A.Living poverty can affect mental health by affecting physiology
B.People with higher socioeconomic status have a lower risk of depression
C.The poor class inherits poverty and disease for many generations due to genetic changes
D.As the amygdala activity increases, serotonin levels decrease

b
A crocodile snatched a child, and it said to the child's mother, "Will I eat your child? The answer is correct, the child will give it back to you; if the answer is wrong, I will eat him." The child's mother said: " You will eat him."The mother's answer put the crocodile into a choice dilemma, which is called the" crocodile paradox ".
Based on the above scenario, which of the following describes a similar dilemma or paradox?
A.The tailor said, "There are no clothes in the world that I can't make." The princess said, "There are no clothes in the world that satisfy me." The king finally said, "You are all wrong."
B.The thief went to the safe to steal jewelry, and found that there are two buttons on the box.You can only open the box by touching one of them.The green button says "Press me, it won't open", and the red button says "You can open it without pressing me." .
C.The fox caught a chicken and said to the chicken, "If I'm in a good mood, let me go; if you're in a bad mood, I'll eat you.Do you say I'm in a good mood or not? If you guess right, let me go "" The chicken quickly said, "You are in a good mood."
D.The vase at home was broken, it must have been Dabao or Xiaobao.The mother asked who it was.Dabao said, "It was Xiaobao." Xiaobao said, "Not Dabao." It turned out they were all here.lie.

c
Some students who participated in the Summer Advanced Linguistics Workshop won the Youth Linguistics Award.All third-year master students of the Chinese major participated in the Summer Advanced Linguistics Workshop.All first-year master students of the Chinese major did not participate in the Advanced Summer Linguistics.Workshop.
If the above statement is true, can it be launched?
A.Some students who have won the Youth Linguistics Award are third-year masters in Chinese
B.Some third-year masters of Chinese majors have won the Youth Linguistics Award
C.Some students who have won the Youth Linguistics Award are not first-year masters in Chinese
D.Some first-year masters of Chinese majors have won the Young Linguistics Award

c
Some researchers pointed out: "Some occupations, such as writing, music creation, design, planning, advertising copywriting, etc., often have their creative inspiration appear late at night."
Which of the following, if true, does not support the researcher's point of view?
A.Many of the most creative minds in history are "night owls".For example, Schiller, Flaubert, Proust, etc.have been working late at night for their entire lives.
B.When the night is quiet, people who have been busy and nervous for a day relax, and their brains can play their imagination more freely, so creativity bursts out.
C.Some researchers have recorded the daily life of more than 150 big writers and artists, and most of them work at the regular times.Only 26 are "night owls"
D.Musicians are very dependent on inspiration.A survey of practitioners in the U.S.music industry shows that the proportion of "night cats" is over 90%

a
The sturgeon of Qinghai Lake is a rare fish, but since the 1950s, people have started to catch sturgeon in large quantities, resulting in the amount of sturgeon resources decreasing from the initial 320,000 tons at an average annual rate of 4 million tons to 2013 In the year, catfish resources were only 68,000 tons, and an expert believes that at this rate, catfish in Qinghai Lake will become extinct in a dozen years.
Which of the following, if true, can best refute the expert's point of view?
A.The Red List of Chinese Species has listed catfish as an endangered species, and has adopted a number of measures for effective protection.
B.Although one-time poaching of more than 50 kg of catfish would constitute a crime, the number of poachers is still increasing
C.A catfish of about two pounds can sell for hundreds of yuan, which makes many fishermen aim their catfish at catfish.
D.In the past year, the reduction of catfish in Qinghai Lake was 30 thousand tons.

b
Bats carry a large number of viruses, which can cause fatal danger to humans and other animals, but bats seem to be unaffected by these viruses.Why? Scientists think this may be related to bats being the only mammals that can fly.During the evolution of adaptation to flight for hundreds of millions of years, many of their systems have changed, including the defense and immune system.Generally speaking, the immune response of the human and other animal bodies helps the body to resist the virus, but the Excessive immune response may cause serious diseases, and the bat's immune system can just reach a balance in the process of symbiosis with the virus.
In the following inference, the correct one is
A.Bat is one of the oldest mammal species, with hundreds of millions of years of evolution to date
B.The bat's body's immune system resists virus attacks without triggering an overly strong immune response
C.As an ancient creature, bats have evolved super genes that can defend against various viruses
D.Bats can fly is the most important reason for their wide spread of deadly viruses on a large scale

c
Driving is a risky traffic behavior, and the psychological, physiological, and behavioral characteristics of a driver while driving have a great impact on driving safety, and often determine whether a potential accident is likely to occur.Research suggests that female drivers are able to discern complex traffic environments.Low, and not as active as men in stressful environments, unable to cope with emergencies.In addition, there are significant differences in physical conditions between male and female drivers, vision, physical strength, space capabilities, etc.It is quite obvious.From this, it has been suggested that female drivers do have a "road killer" side than male drivers, that is, they are more likely to cause serious traffic accidents.
If the following are true, which one cannot refute the above views?
A.The probability of a female driver causing a major accident is much lower than that of a male driver.
B.Compared with male drivers, female drivers have better driving habits and pay more attention to not speeding, which is conducive to driving safety
C.Although there are many female drivers who receive driving licenses, there are not many real drivers.Take Beijing as an example, the ratio of male and female drivers is 7: 3
D.On average, for the same mileage, male drivers are much more responsible for traffic accidents than female drivers.

b
Five years ago, a reindeer died of anthrax infection in a frozen ground near the Arctic Circle, and a boy nearby died of anthrax recently.Some scientists speculate that global warming has made the Arctic Circle "permafrost." Melting began, and Bacillus anthracis was making a comeback.At the same time, some "ancient viruses" such as smallpox and black death pathogens may be buried in this permafrost.Scientists are extremely worried about this.
If the following statement is true, which one is the most helpful for scientists?
A.Permafrost is the best place for bacteria to stay alive for a long time, which may last up to one million years
B.Humans have coexisted with bacteria and viruses, such as Black Death and smallpox, and humans have evolved genes that fight them
C.Global warming warms northern hemisphere countries, tropical diseases such as malaria begin to occur in the northern hemisphere
D.If the pathogen has not been exposed to humans for a long time, our immune system will not be prepared for it

c
Egg yolk contains more cholesterol, and some people are afraid of high cholesterol and dare not eat egg yolk.A recent research report involving 500,000 Chinese people and a follow-up period of nearly 9 years suggested that people who eat eggs every day generally do not eat eggs.Of people, the risk of cardiovascular events is reduced by 11%, and the risk of death from cardiovascular events is reduced by 18%, especially the risk of hemorrhagic stroke is reduced by 26%, and the corresponding risk of death is reduced by 28%.Considering that stroke is the first in China The cause of death, researchers have suggested that eating an egg a day is good for cardiovascular health.
If the following are true, which one best supports the researcher's point of view?
A.In a follow-up study involving 40,000 people from Japan, people who ate eggs every day had a 30% lower all-cause mortality rate than those who did not.
B.Eggs are very nutritious, with high levels of calcium, phosphorus, iron, vitamin A.and vitamin B
C.Food intake of cholesterol does not equal blood cholesterol levels, and the lecithin contained in eggs can effectively prevent the deposition of cholesterol and fat on the walls of blood vessels
D.People who eat eggs every day have higher education and family income, healthier diets, more self-disciplined life, and are more likely to supplement vitamins

a
Before a football match, A.B, C, and D athletes guessed their playing situation.A: None of us will play; B: Some of us will play; C: At least one of B and D will play; Ding: I will play.
Two of the four guesses are true.Two guesses are false.Which of the following is true?
A.Guess which of the following is really B and C
B.Guessing is really Jia and Ding
C.Guessing that it is really A and C
D.Guessing is really B and D

b
Colds occur frequently in autumn and winter, and tips for preventing colds have attracted much attention.It has been circulating on the Internet: placing an onion in the room can prevent colds, because the sulfur compounds volatile from onions have antibacterial and anti-cancer effects and can purify indoor air, Therefore, it is effective to prevent colds by putting a few onions with the cut ends in the room.
If the following are true, which one can refute the above view?
A.The sulfide contained in onion has a certain inhibitory effect on intestinal bacteria, but it needs to be taken orally a certain amount every day
B.70% -80% of colds in humans are caused by viruses, and onions have no inhibitory effect on the virus
C.Experiments have shown that there is no significant reduction in the total number of bacteria in the room after the onion is placed in the room for 1 hour.
D.Existing research has not found that food can effectively adsorb bacteria and viruses

d
which is the cause of myopia? Researchers in one country tracked more than 500 children with normal vision between the ages of 8-9 years, and found that the only environmental factor related to the development of myopia was the time the child was outdoors.Moreover, the child's myopia did It is related to the length of time outdoors, whether children are exercising, picnicking or just reading on the beach.Therefore, researchers believe that the more important cause of myopia may be whether the eyes are under bright light, and the light can protect them.eye.
If the following are true, which one best supports the above views?
A.Those children who stay longer outdoors have not reduced the time spent reading books, screens or close learning, and some children spend a very long time reading books and electronic screens outdoors.
B.Compared to chickens grown in general indoor light environments, chickens exposed to high light levels comparable to outdoor light experienced an approximately 60% reduction in experimentally induced myopia, and similar effects were found in rhesus monkeys
C.The retina produces dopamine in accordance with the circadian rhythm, so that the eyeball can switch from night vision today vision.Under the dim light in the room during the day, the retina cycle will be disturbed, affecting the eyeball development
D.A school requires that children go outdoors all day for a total of 80 minutes between classes, and are not allowed to stay indoors.One year later, 8% of children were diagnosed with myopia, while the myopia rate of children of the same age in a nearby school was 18 %

d
If the seal and epitaph of the grave owner are excavated in a grave, it can be determined that the grave is the true tomb of the grave owner.In the Xigao cave tomb, the seal and epitaph of Cao Cao have not been discovered.Really Cao Cao's tomb.
Which of the following arguments is most similar to the stem?
A.If a grave engraved with the words "King Wei Wu" is found in the tomb, it can be said that the tomb is Cao Cao.A stone inscription in the tomb of Xigao cave is found with a "Buddha tiger commonly used in Wei Wu" Waiting for the funeral.So the tomb is Cao Cao's tomb
B.Eighteen-year-olds have not faced social problems, and anyone who has not faced these problems cannot vote.Therefore, eighteen-year-olds cannot vote
C.You can only enter the deep pool if you have a deep-water certificate.Highlight does not have a deep-water certificate, so he cannot enter the deep pool.
D.If I have wings, I can fly.I don't have wings, so I can't fly

b
People who claim that the plant is conscious and emotional often use the American Baxter experiment.Baxter connected a polygraph to the leaves of a pot of plants.The design principle of this polygraph is that people are lying At that time, due to tension, the skin will sweat, resulting in a decrease in skin resistance.By measuring changes in skin resistance, you can discern other people's emotions, and then determine whether a person is lying.Baxter reported that when the main test in the experiment thought "I want to burn off When the "leaf", the polygraph responded violently, the pointer suddenly moved to the top of the meter and showed continuous fierce fluctuations, and the polygraph drew a pattern similar to that that would appear when people were in extreme fear.Baxter claimed from this: Plants are emotional.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above point?
A.Even Baxter cannot repeat the experiment steadily, and Baxter's explanation of the success and failure of the experiment is unconvincing
B.A creature with a central nervous system is conscious, emotional, and the plant does not have any nervous system
C.Polygraph curves recorded by Baxter may be caused by other factors, including static electricity, mechanical vibration in the room, changes in humidity, etc.
D.Baxter's experimental design is not scientific enough, there is no control group, and it does not meet the necessary conditions for the objective, double-blind scientific experiments.

c
Due to genetic mutations in the cells, the cells proliferate and differentiate uncontrollably, and eventually, develop into malignant tumors.There are many abnormal proteins encoded by the mutant genes on the surface of cancer cells.It stands to reason that these abnormal proteins should be recognized by the body's immune system in time.It triggers an immune response to clear the cancer cells in one fell swoop.However, due to the rapid development of tumor cells, they are extremely camouflaged and constantly mutate.In the face of fierce and witty tumor cells, the originally powerful immune cells also seem to be "inadequate", and they may even Some tumor cells are "ignoring".The immunosuppression formed in the tumor microenvironment has even paralyzed the immune system.
Based on the above information, which of the following studies may be helpful in the development of effective antitumor drugs?
A.Researchers sequence the DNA of tumor cells and healthy cells from each patient to identify tumor-specific mutations and identify related abnormal proteins
B.Scientists use immunotherapy to try to transform immune cells that are "unsuspecting" to tumor cells and return them to the battlefield
C.Scientists compare the lifestyle and personality characteristics of patients with malignant tumors and healthy people to find out the risk factors that induce tumors
D.Scientists use mice to test, inject the extracted tumor abnormal protein as a vaccine into mice to stimulate and enhance their immune response

a
A certain college will continue to implement the overseas funding plan this year.It is proposed that six teachers, namely Teacher Liu, Teacher Zhang, Teacher Wang, Teacher Ma, Teacher Niu, and Teacher Zhou, will be sent to study abroad.Due to the funding, academic development needs of the college, courses There are many factors such as the arrangement of each person's visit to the school and the time of the visit.The selection must meet the following conditions: (1) Teacher Liu is the leader of the reserved subject of the college and must be sent out this time.(2) If you choose Teacher Liu Then, Mr.Zhou must also choose, but not Mr.Zhang.(3) Only Mr.Niu can't choose, at least one of Mr.Wang and Mr.Ma can choose.(4) If Mr.Wang is not selected, then also Don't choose Teacher Zhou.
If the above statement is true, which of the following must be true?
A.Teacher Niu was not selected, Teacher Zhou was selected
B.Mrs.Liu was selected, Mr.Ma was not selected
C.Teacher Wang and Teacher Ma are both selected
D.Teacher Wang and Teacher Niu were not selected

c
Green consumption, also known as sustainable consumption, refers to a new type of consumer behavior and process characterized by moderate restraint of consumption, avoiding or reducing damage to the environment, advocating nature and protecting the ecology.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not green consumption:
A.Try to buy paperback items to reduce packaging waste
B.Resist disposable chopsticks and protect wood resources
C.Eat raw and rare game, reduce processing costs
D.Buy low-energy appliances and reduce electricity costs

d
The behavior of seeking medical treatment refers to the behavior of people seeking medical help when they feel physical discomfort or feeling sick.According to who made the decision to seek medical treatment, it can be divided into active medical treatment, passive medical treatment, and forced medical treatment.Seeking medical treatment refers to consciously making decisions when an individual feels uncomfortable or sick.Passive seeking medical treatment refers to a patient's family or others making a decision to seek medical treatment, and the patient cooperates with the medical treatment.Mandatory medical treatment refers to my unwillingness to Seek medical attention, but forcibly request medical treatment because the disease poses a danger to the health of the person or the community.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are passive medical treatments:
A.Lao Zhang's physical examination report shows that he has a mild fatty liver.It is suggested that further examination and treatment can be performed.Lao Zhang was very nervous after getting the report and hurried to the hospital to register
B.Xiao Zhang has a toothache for several days, and has not been to the hospital for treatment.It was not until the toothache caused facial swelling that it was difficult to eat with a mouth.
C.Aunt Liu recently started to say that she was useless for no reason.It was better to die.She was reluctant to go to the hospital for treatment.Her husband and children tried to persuade them to be fruitless, so she had to take her to the hospital for treatment.
D.Xiaomei, a middle school student, went home from school and told her mother that she had a diarrhea today and went to the toilet five times.Besides that, there was nothing else uncomfortable.Would she need to go to the hospital? Mom decided to take her to the hospital to register

b
Peer refers to the peers who are close to themselves in terms of age, status, interests, etc.Peer pressure refers to the psychological pressure caused by the achievements of peers.
According to the above definition, Which of the following cases belong to peer pressure
A.Xiaoming saw a cheat sheet from a student in front of him during the exam, and wanted to report it to the teacher, and he was worried about being duplicated by the same journal, so he pretended not to see it.
B.Zhang Yuan has several university classmates working with him in the same hospital, and they have all been promoted to deputy senior titles, but they are still attending physicians and are very anxious
C.Film and television star Wu, who has been playing for many years, can't help but sigh that the days when he was in the film industry are gone.
D.Wang Li emigrated to another country twenty years ago and now sees the domestic economic situation is very good.Many acquaintances of that year have already flown to Huang Tengda and are envious.

c
Peer review in the narrow sense means that after the author submits a manuscript, the editor-in-chief or the editor-in-chief of the journal invites scholars with professional knowledge or accomplishment to review the academic and textual quality of the paper, make comments and make judgments.Publication.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are peer-reviewed in a narrow sense:
Professor A.Zhang published a research paper in an academic journal, and many scholars in the same field sent comments shortly, questioning the quality of the research
B.After graduate student, Xiao Li submits his graduation thesis, the academic committee invites professors in related majors in China to evaluate the academic level of the thesis.
Dr.C.Li proposed a new surgical idea.A journal editor sent his submission to a number of surgical experts.The experts considered it very innovative.
D.Mr.Zhang contributed a self-care article to a mental health magazine.The editor did not believe that the article belonged to a psychological leader and should not be published in this magazine.

a
Violation is referred to as aggression, and sometimes it can also be called as aggression.It refers to an individual who violates the mainstream norms of society, motivated, and harms others.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are violations:
A.A doctoral student from a university in California broke into the office and wounded his tutor with a gun
B.A Chinese teacher in a middle school criticizes students for failing to complete summer homework on time
C.In a hockey match, Party A accidentally injured Party B during the ball grab
D.With the consent of Li, Wang sent the photo of Li to the WeChat circle of friends

d
A career anchor refers to the kind of vital things or values in a career that a person will never give up when they have to make a choice.A technical functional career anchor refers to the entire career development of an individual, which surrounds him.A special set of technical skills or specific occupational work that excels.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is a technical functional occupation anchor?
A.After receiving a master's degree in computer science, Xiaoli worked for a game software company and worked as a software engineer.Due to the severe overdraft of frequent overtime, he simply resigned and opened a flower shop.
B.Dr.Wang is a neurosurgeon expert.Because of his professional skills and high reputation in the industry, he was elected as the dean and is responsible for the administration of the hospital full-time.
C.Xiaoli is a full-time actor and has performed well in many movies, but encountered a career bottleneck as she grew older, so she decided to go abroad and study business administration abroad.
D.After graduating from the chef school, Xiao Zhang was first employed in a small restaurant and was not reused in the beginning.Later, he devoted himself to studying new dishes and received great praise.

b
The wooden barrel principle refers to a wooden barrel composed of several wooden boards, and its capacity depends on the shortest wooden board.The anti wooden barrel principle refers to the longest wooden barrel of a wooden barrel that determines its characteristics and advantages.The idea of stability is different, and the anti-barrel principle promotes the characteristics.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are the principles of anti-wood barrels are
A.In the first year of college, Xiao Fei clearly proposed to apply for graduate students.With her drive, other girls in the same dormitory had clear requirements for themselves.When they graduated from the university, all six girls succeeded in research.
B.In the eyes of colleagues, Xiaowei is very ordinary, neither has outstanding performance, nor has he hosted a large project, but the boss appreciates her, because Xiaowei can always find problems and solve problems in time when team members fail to work.Avoid many serious consequences
C.Xiaoqin founded a wallpaper company.While improving the level of product design and technological content, he strengthened brand promotion and promotion, and finally created a first-line brand.
D.Xiaowang Village is a remote mountain village.The mountains and clear waters have attracted developers to invest here and established well-equipped resorts, but the number of tourists has not been satisfactory.

a
The pure contact effect is also called the look-only effect, which refers to the phenomenon that the more frequently an individual is exposed to a stimulus, the more he or she likes the stimulus.The pure contact effect is a very simple but very very influencing individual and social preference.The important way.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are consistent with pure contact effects:
A.Xiao Qin likes to wear brightly colored clothes, and Professor Zhang often notices her in class.During the postgraduate interview, among the students with similar conditions, Professor Zhang finally chose Xiao Qin
B.Xiao Ke wants to buy a nutritious product for his mother.Facing with an assortment of nutritional products, he chose the brand known on TV for its quality and safety.
C.Xiaofang introduced and met Xiaoli who was tall and handsome.He fell in love at first sight.As the relationship between the two gradually deepened, Xiaofang liked Xiaoli more and more.
D.Xiaoxia sees her favorite star wearing a certain brand of clothes.As a "hardcore fan", she also likes this brand more and more

b
Non-service inventions refer to inventions and inventions made by the inventors using their own time, funds, equipment, and other material or technical conditions.The right to apply for patents for non-service inventions belongs to the inventor or designer.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are non-service inventions:
A.Fashion designer Hai Yan was inspired when she read "The Road is Ended by Baiyun, Spring and Qingxi Long", and designed the spring clothes of the Qingxi series, which became the company's star product.
B.Lao Zhang is a botanist.After the Academy of Agricultural Sciences retired, he returned to the field and explored the advanced technology for growing Ganoderma in the greenhouse.
C.Architect Xiao Wang is an archeological enthusiast.During a holiday with friends, he accidentally discovered the ruins of the ancient city wall of the Ming Dynasty.
D.Chemist Mark is full of interest in studying wild fungi.In his spare time, he found valuable strains in the mountains and named them Mushrooms.

a
In a group, "free-riding" refers to the phenomenon in which individuals benefit from other members of the group without doing anything.The straw effect refers to when an individual finds that some members of the group enjoy "free-riding"., The individual will reduce the phenomenon of effort, that is, the individual would prefer to reduce the level of effort, while bearing the consequences of reduced returns, rather than being a "dropper" and being "free-ridden" by others.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are the effects of the straw
A.Xiao Zhang loves to clean and often actively cleans the dormitory.Soon after, he finds that other roommates no longer clean the dormitory.Since then, even if he feels that the dormitory's sanitary condition makes him uncomfortable, he no longer cleans it.
B.Xiao Liu's company completes the task as a team, and all team members will receive the same reward after completing the task.Xiao Liu feels that even if he tries harder, he won't get more rewards, so the work is not so hard
C.The rules of the team competition stipulate that the team's last performance is the team's performance.Xiaofang finds that one member of his team is slow to complete the task.He feels that his team can't win, so he doesn't go all out.
D.Xiaojiang is a member of the Propaganda Department of the Student Union.When the Student Union organizes the school's academic forum, the Propaganda Department is responsible for the design of posters and picture albums.Xiaojiang is not active.He knows that these results will be signed as "Student Union" without a personal signature.

d
The Book is going to launch a promotional campaign with subscriptions.If you subscribe to the Book for the second half of the year, you will receive a free weekly radio and television broadcast for the second half of the year.After the launch of the event, the newspaper will be published every day.In counting new subscribers, the results were very disappointing.
Which of the following, if true, would best explain why this promotion failed?
A.According to the statistics of the post office distribution department, the "Broadcast Television Weekly" is not a very attractive newspaper
B.According to the results of a survey, some of the readers of the "Book Reader" have also subscribed to the "Broadcast and Television Weekly"
C.Broadcasting and Television Weekly has a wide distribution channel, with twice as many subscribers as Metro Youth Daily
D."Reading News" did not consider the subscription habits of many people.Most newspaper subscribers had already subscribed to this year's "Broadcast Television Weekly" at the end of last year.

d
Pregnant women are prone to symptoms of vitamin deficiency.Some people think that this is not caused by a lack of vitamins in the diet, but usually due to the large demand for vitamins when the baby in the abdomen grows.
In order to evaluate the accuracy of the above conclusions, which of the following operations is most important?
A.Test the daily diet of a pregnant woman who lacks vitamins to determine the vitamin content
B.Test the daily diet of a pregnant woman who does not lack vitamins to determine the vitamin content
C.Research on scientific recipes for pregnant women to determine the best recipes for pregnant women to get enough vitamins
D.Test a pregnant woman and a non-pregnant woman who have sufficient vitamins in their daily diet and determine whether they are deficient in vitamins

b
Some people think that high levels of testosterone hormones are the main cause of heart attacks in men.However, this view is wrong because men with heart disease generally have lower testosterone levels than men without heart disease.
The above discussion is based on which of the following assumptions?
A.Many men who have never had heart disease usually have low levels of testosterone
B.Heart disease does not significantly reduce testosterone levels in men
C.Hormonal levels other than testosterone significantly affect a person's likelihood of developing heart disease
D.Men's heart disease and lower testosterone are a consequence of the same cause

d
In order to break the restriction that there was only one best film at the previous film festival, this year's film festival is going to select the best films according to several special types such as historical films and love films, so that the work of filmmakers can be more For fair treatment, viewers and film enthusiasts can also have more say on the pros and cons of movies.
Which of the following assumptions is most likely a prerequisite implied by the reform of the rating system mentioned above?
A.Dividing the type of film has an important guiding role in regulating film shooting
B.Each video can be classified according to these specialized types
C.Audiences and movie enthusiasts like to divide the type when making movie reviews
D.Dividing the film according to the genre will not make some unpopular films be ignored

d
At an international conference, five representatives from four countries were arranged to sit at a round table.In order to enable them to talk freely, they learned the following in advance: A was Chinese and English was spoken; B was German, He also speaks Chinese; C is English and French; Ding is Japanese and French; E is Japanese and German.
How do I arrange it ??
A.Meprofen
B.Metoprene
C.Propylene
D.Mebuprene

b
The Internet has gradually become the main channel for job seekers to obtain information, but it also provides opportunities for various online scams.At present, the biggest drawback of online job advertisements is the lack of authenticity.
therefore,?
A.Applying for jobs online should be avoided
B.Be wary of the authenticity of online recruitment information
C.Online job advertisements are not credible
D.The state should strengthen control over commercial websites

c
Literary works are inseparable from real life, and people who do not experience life in depth cannot write excellent works.
therefore,?
A.Poet, a novelist cannot be young
B.Writing novels is an old man's business
C.You must have enough life experience to write a novel
D.Fiction depends on luck

a
According to Marxist dialectics, the internal cause is the fundamental reason for the development of things, which is the contradiction within things.Anything has contradictions inside.
therefore,?
A.Everything is in constant movement and development
B.Some things can be at rest
C.Things in motion and development are moving at the same speed
D.When a society is closed, it is a static society

b
Water in nature is in contact with the atmosphere, soil, rocks, etc., so it contains a variety of "impurities", such as calcium, magnesium, potassium, sodium, iron, fluorine, etc.Modern people tend to drink more and more pure water, such as distilled water, Pure water, space water, etc.As everyone knows, long-term drinking of this ultra-pure water will not be good for your health.
Which of the following options best supports the above assertion?
A.The more people pay attention to food hygiene, the more vulnerable human health will be
B.Only untreated natural water can meet the needs of human health
C.The reason why ultrapure water is so popular is that it is more hygienic and tastes better
D.The so-called "impurities" in natural water may be an important source of essential trace elements in the human body

b
Everyone recognizes that symphony is elegant music, and understanding of symphony writers helps to understand symphony.But if you can't really resonate with it, you will feel boring.If you go on, your understanding of a writer is certainly not deep.
Can it be launched from this?
A.As long as you understand a writer deeply, you will definitely resonate with it
B.The deeper you feel, the more natural love
C.The more you love, the more you like the symphony
D.The more you like the symphony, the more you like that writer

a
The survey shows that 59.4% of the public feel that the phenomenon of "reverse elimination" is widespread in the current society, and 18.8% of them feel "very much." The so-called "reverse elimination", in short, means that bad elimination is good, and inferior is superior Outstanding, mediocre elimination and other phenomena.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are inverse elimination phenomena:
A.Some expensive cough medicines in the market are not as effective as commonly used medicines at low prices, but in fact, commonly used medicines have a small market share
B.A graduated from a prestigious university and an ordinary university graduate have entered a well-known international company at the same time.
C.A company has advanced satellite communication technology, high voice quality, and wide coverage, but the technical maintenance cost is high.Later, the company failed to make ends meet and declared bankruptcy.
D.Many companies have people who complain about their work.As a result, anyone who complains about work in the company must be more successful than a company without such people.

a
Reverse service is after the product (service) is sold, the company provides customers with services to realize the use-value of the product (service).
According to the above definition, which of the following is not a reverse service is
A.A car 4S shop provides customers with second-hand car valuation and transfer services
B.An air-conditioning manufacturer provides customers with free on-site service for the life
C.Products can be returned and exchanged free of charge within 7 days after an online store returns
D.A telecom operator launched a preferential activity of "send phone calls to mobile phones"

a
The Wig model refers to the conversion of some people's wisdom, knowledge, ability, and experience into actual benefits through the Internet.They solve problems in technology, technology, work, life, and school on the Internet to allow knowledge, wisdom, and experience., Skills generate economic value.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are Wiegand models:
A.An IT technician actually started a small company in his spare time, mainly helping others repair computers remotely on the network
B.A college graduate opened a clothing store on a B2C website, and used his network resources to make the online store profitable soon
C.The photography works on a photographer's personal website attracted a large number of netizens to browse and repost.Later, the photographer relied on publishing photographic equipment ads on the website to bring a lot of income.
D.A non-profit website set up by a university student to answer primary and secondary school students' learning questions for free has been well received by students and parents.A local education has expanded the size of this website to help more students.

c
The imprint school refers to the learning behavior that occurs in the early stages of animal life and is formed by direct impressions.Although the imprint learning behavior occurs in the early stages, it also has a certain impact on later behaviors.
According to the above definition, Which of the following behaviors that are not imprinted learning are
A.Sheep walks in and tries to stay with the owner who has fed it
B.Zebra finches fed by people will court their fingers
C.Ewe marks her offspring by licking her lamb
D.A newborn mallard follows a moving object

c
All wars and confusions occur when there is no negotiation and no reason to speak, and reasoning and negotiation are inseparable from words.However, where there is no speech, there is automatic reasoning, and where there is speech, there must be freedom to reason.
From this we can infer:
A.Where there are language and freedom, there is no war
B.All wars and chaos occur because there is no freedom
C.Without freedom and reason, war and chaos may occur
D.Not all wars and chaos occur when negotiations are unreasonable and unreasonable

d
Scientists believe that dreams are the result of the combined action of various central points in the brain that are responsible for various functions of the human body.Some people's brain cells are still active during sleep, which is the basis of dreams.Recent research results confirm that dreaming not only does Affects people's sleep and health, and is one of the physiological activities necessary to protect brain health.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.In the study, subjects who were disturbed by dreams appeared anxious, easy to be nervous, and had short-term impairment of memory after waking up
B.According to the questionnaire analysis, people who do not dream for a long time need more sleep than those who often dream, and half of them still feel tired after resting
C.Surveys show that subjects who can fully describe dreams are more able to concentrate at work faster than forgetful dreamers, thus working more efficiently
D.Experimental researchers immediately blocked the dreaming brain waves when they were sleeping, and found that the subjects' blood pressure and body temperature increased significantly.

a
Contingent questions refer to two interrelated questions, of which the answer to the second question must be based on the answer to the first question.
According to the above definition, which of the following two questions is a contingency problem?
A.Are you hungry now? Where are you going to eat?
B.which is your sign of the zodiac? How old are you?
C.Is the contract for buying a house signed? Did you go to the house?
D.Do you like small animals? Does your sister like small animals?

d
A distributed energy system refers to a variety of integrated or stand-alone modular power generation devices close to small users with a capacity ranging from several kilowatts to 50 megawatts, which are combined with their energy management and storage systems to improve the operation of transmission systems.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is that is not distributed energy systems?
A.Set up modular power generation equipment near the hospital to ensure a stable power supply in the hospital
B.Set up power generation equipment near the industrial park to prevent the collapse of the power grid to affect production
C.Set up power generation devices near the community to prevent trips due to insufficient power during peak power consumption
D.Place small generators within kilowatts in convenience stores for emergency response in the event of a power outage

d
The role of text-decoration is a self-defense mechanism or adaptive behavior.It refers to an artificial concealment that does not meet social value standards, is obviously unreasonable, or fails to achieve personal pursuit goals.Defend yourself by saying that your actions are justified and reasonable to conceal your true motivations or wishes.
According to the definition above, which of the following is options for decoration?
A.Xiaoming did not hesitate to hurt his hand to avoid the exam because he did not review his homework.
B.In order to escape legal sanctions, a criminal suspect colluded with witnesses to give false testimony and fabricated an absence certificate to justify himself
C.An electronic company's new product failed to be put on the market.After research, management determined that the reason for the failure was that the previous publicity had not been done well.
D.Xiao Wang wants to be a company manager, but he thinks he is not capable enough, he did not sign up for competition, but afterward he told others that he was disdainful to participate

b
"One-third effect" means that when human beings make decisions and choices, when there are 3 or more options, they will make wrong judgments due to the limitations of traditional thinking.The limitation of thinking is that people are facing the same probability in many cases.When choosing an option, although knowing that the chances of each choice are the same, psychologically, the first and last options will always be resisted, so the choice will usually be made in the middle option.
Based on the above definition, which of the following options are "one-third effects"?
A.Students with the highest potential in middle and upper classes in middle school
B.The stores with the highest sales volume on commercial streets are not at both ends of the street
C.Due to too much pursuit of perfection, there are more and more "leftover men" and "leftover women"
D.In the multiple-choice part of the English test, Guess all the last items

b
Technology diffusion is the application and promotion of innovative technologies in other economic fields and a larger geographical space.From a geographic perspective, technology diffusion is the spatial flow and transfer of technology.It consists of new technologies and suppliers, recipients, and delivery channels.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is technology diffusions?
A.Multiple pharmaceutical factories in a province use the same long-recognized formula to produce a drug
B.City A has developed its own characteristic industry by drawing on the innovative industry technology of City B
C.A company's production ideas are applied to its own artistic creation by a foreign artist
D.Employees of a company's R & D department reveal their core R & D secrets to the company's competitors

d
Specialized defense and anti-specialized defense are two types of reactions in the evolutionary process of the species.The former refers to the specific evolutionary response of the two species in the co-evolutionary process of defense.For example, the Ghana spider puts The net is built, and at dawn, the net is demolished to deal with the predatory spider bee during the day.Anti-specialization defense is relative to specialization defense, which refers to the behavioral response of species to break the special defense of other species.
According to the above definition, which of the following is anti-specialization defenses?
A.A rattlesnake can make a sound when its tail is shaking, sometimes used to warn natural enemies such as eagles
B.The wolves live in a group, usually seven horses in a group, together resisting the attacks of lions and tigers
C.The snail's head has four tentacles.When you move around, your head is extended, and when you are surprised, your head and tail are retracted into the carapace.
D.Antelope avoids cheetah predation and chooses to hunt at night.Cheetahs sometimes prey at night.

b
Counterfactual thinking usually negates events that have already occurred in the mind, and then characterizes them as psychological activities that might have occurred but have not occurred in reality.According to the direction of occurrence, counterfactual thinking can be divided into upward counterfactual thinking and downward attack.Integral thinking, upward counterfactual thinking, is for events that have occurred in the past.Imagine that if certain conditions are met, there may be better results than real results; downward counterfactual thinking is for events that have occurred in the past.Imagine that if you meet some sort of speculation, you may have worse results than the real results.
According to the above definition, which of the following is a downward counterfactual thinking?
A.If you review it then, you can pass this exam.
B.If I play a little worse, I miss the medal
C.If the grandfather is still alive, he must not want to see this situation today
D.If we didn't bring so many things, we can run faster now

a
Fixed-point transcendence refers to the process by which companies continuously compare and measure their products, services, and other business activities with their strongest competitors or leaders in a certain area.The purpose of comparative measurement is to discover their strengths and weaknesses, or to find industries The inherent reasons why leaders are leading in order to provide a basis for companies to develop appropriate strategic plans.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is choices that are not fixed-point transcendences?
A.In order to surpass competitors B, company A creatively proposes a set of future service strategies to improve customer satisfaction
B.In comparing the successful model of Company B, Company A improved its sales strategy and quickly surpassed its competitor Company B.
C.A power plant learned from the benchmark unit B, B and B, found its own shortcomings, and realized new production intelligence with new technology as a breakthrough.
D.Company A carefully studied the production model of industry leader Company B, and then packaged its products to increase market share

a
Art banks generally refer to the government's provision of financial support or policy guarantees to allow non-official cultural and artistic institutions to purchase works by outstanding artists, and then sublet or resell the works to government agencies, enterprises, and private use for display.Decorate, collect, etc.to get working capital for a non-profit art institution.
According to the definition above, which of the following options belongs to the art bank?
A.Bank A: Buying certain products and renting them out to earn rental spreads
B.Bank B: Allow customers to use art as collateral when lending to customers
C.Bank C: Produced and issued virtual financial products with artwork as physical assets
D.Ding Bank: can temporarily keep the collector's artwork and maintain the value of the collection

a
The effect in network collaboration refers to the effect of two or more substances, such as the collaboration of individual companies, individual netizens, or certain technologies, on the Internet platform between them.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not a network synergy effect?
A.Xiao Wang updates his blog about his life daily through the Internet
B.Company A and B agree on a project through online video ID card
C.Members of a network research group share their research results through the network
D.An e-commerce website launched a limited edition product to attract a large number of customers to snap up

d
A certain unit proposed three schemes A.B, and C for unit energy conservation and emission reduction.Among them, employees who drove to work chose Scheme C.Those who took the subway to work chose Scheme B.None of the employees who took the bus to work chose C None of the employees who take the subway have a driver's license, and Mr.Wang does not have a driver's license when he goes to work by bus.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Mr.Wang chose Option B
B.None of the employees who choose Plan B have a driver's license
C.Those who choose to go to work by bus and have A driver's license
D.Employees who take the bus to work may choose option A

d
Handwriting, in a broad sense, is a mark with a limit on the text specification written on a certain interface by using various tools.In a narrow sense, it refers to the writing with a limit on the text specification left on the paper by the writer in the natural state Traces.Because the writer's personality and psychological characteristics are different, it can be speculated that studying the handwriting of the person can analyze the writer's personality characteristics and psychological state.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above speculation?
A.Different strokes and stroke structure are different
B.Since modern times, many advanced theories and instruments have been used for handwriting identification
C.According to the survey, many companies now include handwriting analysis when recruiting employees
D.Writing pressure, stroke structure and font size can reflect people's self-awareness and attitude towards the outside world

c
For thousands of years, people have always been prejudiced against the full moon night, because in some legends, someone will become cruel on the full moon night.However, a recent study shows that patients with heart disease not only have the lowest incidence during the full moon And the mortality rate will decrease significantly.
If any of the following is true, does not support the above conclusion?
A.During the full moon, the gravitational effect of the moon and the sun is the strongest, so it is most beneficial to the circulatory metabolism of various organ systems of the human body.
B.Researchers monitoring hundreds of heart disease patients found that their cardiovascular system was at its best during the full moon
C.The latest statistics show that patients with heart disease have been treated in hospitals for longer periods of time than full moon phases
D.The researchers analyzed several cases of patients with heart disease and found that the probability of a heart attack during the full moon was significantly reduced.

d
Although western environmental sociology was born in the 1970s, it has formed three major paradigms, such as a new ecological paradigm, a political economy paradigm, and a constructivist paradigm.From various perspectives, it can effectively explain the western environmental issues.The social mechanism, but for China, it is possible because of the profound differences in social, political, and cultural backgrounds.The particularity and complexity of China's experience determine the huge challenges and difficulties faced in explaining China.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.China's environmental problems have been facing huge challenges since the 1990s
B.A multidisciplinary approach has made a positive contribution to the interpretation of environmental issues in China
C.Three major paradigms of western environmental sociology have been deeply developed and widely used
D.The similarity between Chinese and Western environmental issues can reduce the impact of the empirical differences on the subject interpretation

d
There are a lot of records about astronomical phenomena in Yin Shang's oracle bones inscriptions, including records of the sun and the moon, eclipses, astronomical observations, stars, planets, novas, and comets.These exegetical materials indicate that the astronomy of Yin Dynasty has reached a considerable level.The level of development.And all these astronomical observations are inseparable from the worship of cults in heaven.This shows that the astronomy of astronomy has emerged from cults of worship in heaven, and its religious purpose is consistent.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.The way astronomical observations are influenced by the worship of shamanism
B.As voodoo prevails, astronomical observations continue to evolve
C.The astronomical phenomenon recorded by the Yin Shang Oracle Bone Inscriptions represents the highest level of astronomical observation at that time
D.As voodoo worships heaven, astronomical observation is a rule-based and reliable method of divination

d
The cremation of the Jurchen nobles of the Jin dynasty mainly used wooden coffins, wooden boxes or stone letters to gather the ashes.Cremation was performed in the Jurchen of the Jin dynasty ~ DC line.However, the cremation cemetery graves in the Jinyuan area in the early Jin dynasty and after the mid Jin dynasty There are essential differences between the various types of cremation tombs, the former is a legacy of Jurchen old customs, and the latter has been influenced by Buddhism.Buddhism has become very popular among Han people after the Jurchens occupied the Yellow River basin in the middle and late Jin Dynasty.The burial custom of the Jurchen nobles has been Sinicized.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Buddhism held a very important position among the Jurchen nobles of the Jin Dynasty
B.Cultural exchanges between the Jurchen and Han ethnic groups in the Jin Dynasty are frequent
C.Buddhism's influence on the Jurchen nobles of the Jin Dynasty is not only reflected in the funeral customs
D.The influence of Buddhism on the burial customs of the Jurchen nobles of the Jin Dynasty occurred under the exchange with the Han culture

c
Studies have shown that the water-conducting and gas-exchanging functions of plant leaf edges are not as good as those of the middle parts of the leaves.Take an open-air tropical plant Alocasia as an example, the leaf diameter of which can reach 1 meter.The high temperature of 8.8 degrees Celsius caused some high-temperature burns on the edges of the leaves to "dry up".Therefore, scientists believe that this phenomenon limits the continued expansion of the leaf area, and of course, there are fewer giant leaf plants in nature.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Foliate leaves are not as large as tropical leaves
B.Arum leaves grown in greenhouses are larger than tropical open air
C.Reduced water-conducting and gas-exchanging functions of plant leaves will inhibit heat dissipation
D.Plants often have smaller leaves when it rains in winter than in the rain

c
For the stone collectors on the ancient lakeshore terraces on the southeastern shore of Selincuo in northern Tibet, the researchers believe that these stone tools show a strong European middle-aged cultural style of Paleolithic in terms of production technology and typology, and use the European typical "Quena trimming method" during processing.The "thinning" technology, it is believed that the approximate age of the Serin Woolstones maybe around 40,000 to 30,000 years ago.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.European Paleolithic cultural style is relatively unitary and lacks change
B.Typical "Quena trimming method" in Europe is the main method of stone processing
C.Later research encountered obstacles in the identification of some stone cultural styles and processing techniques
D.Stone tools similar to those collected from the ancient muddy terraces on the southeastern shore of Serincuo in northern Tibet were found elsewhere.

a
Prior to the London Olympics, in order to effectively improve air quality in London, the mayor and member of the Olympic Committee, Boris Johnson, announced that large trucks and light buses must meet low-emission zone standards by January 2012.It has been included in low-emission zones since October 2010.If you do not meet the emission standards, you must pay a fine.This shows that the biggest cause of pollution in London is the amount of pollution emitted by traffic.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above judgment?
A.The biggest pollution problem in London is air pollution, and the pollutants in the air mainly come from the emissions of traffic flow
B.Since the turn of the 2000s, London has not seen any innovation or progress in limiting vehicle emissions, and urban air quality has also been poor
C.The generation of pollutants comes from the direct discharge of pollution on the one hand, and from the weather on the other, because we cannot control the weather, we can only control the amount of pollution emitted.
D.Huge traffic is the main cause of the city's two major pollution sources (particulate matter and nitrogen dioxide).A diesel car produces much more pollution than a gasoline car, and many vehicles in London are powered by diesel.

b
Many studies in recent years have confirmed that sleep is conducive to learning and memory.Not only does sleep after learning has the function of memory consolidation, but sleep before learning is also necessary for subsequent learning.After long-term wakeful learning, synaptic connections in the brain increase, Enhancement saturates the synaptic gap and hinders subsequent learning.The role of sleep is to weaken the connection of synapses to the basic level, providing sufficient space and energy for subsequent learning and memory.
Which of the following, if true, would best support a researcher's point of view?
A.Synapses in the brain stop working during sleep
B.Synaptic connection activities require space and energy
C.Learning and memory must be performed in wakefulness
D.Basal metabolic activity in the body will slow down during sleep

d
As a major innovation in the Chinese literary world, documentary literature has become the most popular writing genre in recent years.However, after the glory, troubles have followed.Lawsuits accusing documentary literature of infringing reputations have frequently opened.Eight Shanxi veterans led by `` Shake Fenxi '' and `` Skynet '' became plaintiffs, and a district people's court in Beijing accepted the case, which became a hot spot in Beijing.
It follows that:
A.Documentary literature is the first of its kind in China
B.Two documentary literature by a writer violated the honorary rights of 8 Shanxi fellows
C.The glorious period of documentary literature is over
D.A writer is a documentary writer

b
Time is directional and always flows from the past to the future.This is the arrow of time.In the process of biological evolution, the past of time and the future are asymmetric, which is an irreversible process.But the time arrow of biological evolution and Entropy increase is different.Entropy increase means degradation, that is, the decomposition and decline of old things; and evolution is the generation and development of new things, and its time arrow points to the decrease of entropy.
therefore
A.There is only one direction for the evolution of living things b
B.The evolution of organisms can be divided into two categories: degradation and evolution
C.Biological evolution took a short time in the past and a long time in the future
D.Changes in entropy are non-directional

b
The production process as a social foundation is realistic and appears in complex forms, including the entire process of production, distribution, exchange and consumption.The characteristics of the open society are determined by the main production relations, but the main production relations As the center, there are also other subsidiary production relations.
therefore:
A.Only when there is a purely productive relationship, can a social era have distinctive characteristics
B.The economic foundation is comprehensive and is the sum of all production relations in a society
C.Superstructure determines the production relations of a society
D.The main production relations in a social era determine all the characteristics of the society

b
Emotion is an important feature of human's mastery of the world's art.Art aesthetics is precisely to regulate art objects with emotions, to infect emotions, and to inspire art connoisseurs.
therefore:
A.Human life practice is the source of art
B.The artistic grasp of the world by human beings is the grasp of emotions
C.All art is related to emotions
D.Art is aimed at noble human emotions

b
Although capital is an important means in the process of value creation, its accumulation is indeed an indispensable material condition for economic growth, but as materialized labor or dead labor, it cannot create itself.Without human labor, it can only be a bunch The general equivalent that cannot add value.Second, capital is not the product of individual efforts, but the result of collective or social labor.From a physiological point of view, there is no huge difference in the ability of each person to work (whether physical or mental).It is impossible to become rich by owning and accumulating your own surplus labor.
so:
A.Capital is a manifestation of surplus-value
B.Richness can only be achieved by possessing the surplus-value of others
C.Capital is owned by all members of society
D.Capital can also create value under certain conditions

c
However, there are also many criticisms and even attacks on the use of quizzes; sometimes the use of quizzes can even lead to adverse consequences.The reason for this is that the test itself is not perfect, just like many things in the world are not perfect It's more that people misunderstand and misuse quizzes as we often misunderstand and misuse many other things in the world.
therefore:
A.We should cancel the quiz
B.Using quizzes enables us to solve all the problems in life
C.The test should also be continuously improved and guided to correctly understand and use the test
D.Quiz is optional

a
Scholars have proven that efficiency and fairness are a unity of contradictions.Achieving common prosperity requires going through several stages and cannot be achieved overnight, but we must not make specific preparations for achieving common prosperity at each stage.
therefore:
A.We must take fairness into account while focusing on efficiency
B.We must first value fairness
C.We must adhere to efficiency first
D.The contradiction between efficiency and fairness can never be resolved correctly

c
Xiao Liu, Xiao Li, and Xiao Feng estimated after the CET-4: Xiao Liu said: "I'm definitely good" Xiao Li said: "I'm sure I passed" Xiao Feng said: "I can't be excellent" After I came down, I found that all three of them had guessed wrong, and failed, passed, and each of them was excellent.
From this we can infer:
A.Xiao Liu failed, Xiao Li excellent, Feng Xiao passed
B.Xiao Liu is excellent, Xiao Li is passing, Xiao Feng is failing
C.Liu passed, Xiao Li failed, Feng Feng was outstanding
D.Xiao Liu passed, Xiao Li excellent, Feng failed

a
According to the law of diminishing marginal returns, we can know that under the condition that other inputs are constant, as the amount of an input increases, the increase in output we get is getting smaller and smaller, but before the marginal cost equals Profitable.
As a manufacturer we should:
A.Minimize inputs as much as possible to ensure maximum marginal benefits
B.Increase inputs until marginal cost equals marginal benefit
C.Increase investment as much as possible for maximum profit
D.Maintain a fixed investment

c
The world's per capita freshwater volume is about 8,300 cubic meters, but two-thirds of it is lost in the form of floods each year.The remaining one-third is used for drinking water and irrigation.Due to the increase in industrialization and human water consumption, the current world water consumption has increased compared to 1990.Nearly 10 times.The lack of fresh water in the future is one of the constraints that constitute economic development and food production.
therefore:
A.To reduce industrial water use
B.To reduce domestic water use
C.On the one hand, we should save water, and on the other hand, we should develop and use new fresh water resources to solve the problem of water shortage.
D.The total population must be reduced to expand per capita freshwater

c
Administrative sanctions refer to sanctions imposed by state agencies, enterprises and institutions in accordance with the laws or regulations to grant powers, in accordance with laws or relevant rules and regulations, and in accordance with administrative affiliation, to those who violate rules and regulations or commit minor misconducts that are not enough for criminal sanctions.
Which of the following are not administrative sanctions:
A.Dismissal from office due to corruption
B.Intra-party warning given to job negligence
C.Fined by public security organs for hooliganism
D.Forcible dismissal for incompetence at work

c
Insurance means that the insured pays the insurance premium to the insurer according to the contract, and the insurer is liable for compensation for the loss of property caused by the accident that may occur in the contract due to its occurrence, or when the insured dies, is disabled , A disease or a commercial insurance act that reaches the age stipulated in the contract and assumes the liability to pay insurance benefits during the term.
Which of the following are not covered by insurance:
A.A food factory has signed a corporate property insurance contract with an insurance company.The food factory pays insurance premiums on a daily basis.The insurance company is responsible for the plant's fire insurance.
B.Mr.Li and his insurance company insure his own house
C.The village head assured the villagers that using the wheat seeds provided by the village committee will definitely yield a good harvest, otherwise everyone can dismiss him and ask him to compensate him for the damage.
D.Students purchase injury and illness insurance uniformly at school

b
Unfair competition refers to behaviors in which an operator violates the provisions of the Anti-Unfair Competition Law, damages the legitimate rights and interests of other operators, and disrupts the socio-economic order.The so-called operator refers to a legal person engaged in commodity business or for-profit services, other economic Organizations and individuals.
Which of the following elements that do not constitute unfair competition are:
A.Violation of the Anti-Unfair Competition Law
B.scare customers in business
C.Damage to the legitimate rights and interests of other operators
D.Disrupting the socio-economic order

a
Provocative defense refers to the act of deliberately teasing others to attack themselves, and then using the "justifiable defense" as an excuse to invade them.
Which of the following are provocations:
A.A man commits adultery with a wife of B, and is beaten by B, and then there is the idea of murder and revenge.A first goes to the entrance of B to call out the second wife, and then B fights out, and A stabs him with a dagger.
B.Yu and Zhao quarreled endlessly, Wang said, "If you scold again, I will hit you!" Zhao refused to show weakness; "You hit me and try." The two were fighting.
C.The three brothers scrambled for a family inheritance, and the boss broke it in an anxiety.
D.An unemployed man was caught while robbing someone's purse and hit by Europeans, so he fought back hard, causing casualties to the other party.

a
Administrative reconsideration means that citizens, legal persons or other organizations are dissatisfied with the specific administrative actions of administrative organs, and submit appeals to the superior organs of administrative organs or administrative organs prescribed by law in accordance with the law.Administrative procedures for making decisions.
Which of the following are administrative reconsiderations:
A.A group of farmers appealed to the county government to take charge of the arable land due to dissatisfaction with the township government.
B.Cai Guanhuai workers were suspended from work for no reason because they had a relationship with their superiors, and they appealed to the court for justice.
C.The defendant appealed to the higher court because he was dissatisfied with the decision of the court of first instance
D.Consumers complain to the Consumer Association that a food factory produces inferior food and harms consumers' rights

c
Political decision-making is the process by which political management subjects such as the government and political parties formulate and select action plans for major issues of political life.It is a process of choosing the direction, goals, principles, methods and steps of political life.
Which of the following characteristics that is not a political decision is:
A.Political nature, mainly involving political life
B.Guiding, it is the blueprint design of political management, which determines the entire implementation process of political management
C.Articleality, must be specified in many terms
D.Authority, its main body of government has given it authority

c
Policy analysis is a process that helps decision-makers to formulate and optimize specific policies based on certain policy theories and knowledge, using various analytical methods and techniques.
Which of the following statements is incorrect:
A.Policy analysis must be based on a certain policy theory
B.Policy analysis should use certain methods and techniques
C.Policy analysis is about grasping the intentions of leaders
D.The goal of policy analysis is to help policy makers develop and optimize specific policies

c
Dumping refers to the behavior of a monopoly capitalist to sell products at prices that are much lower than domestic and foreign markets, or even lower than the cost of production, in order to defeat competitors and seize foreign markets.
Which of the following acts are dumped:
A.A Chinese silk export company launched a "buy one get one free" promotion in five European countries in order to open up sales
B.Jiangsu's washing powder prices are generally cheaper than Zhejiang
C.In order to squeeze the national industry across China, Japanese camera equipment companies sell their plastics to Chinese consumers for less than five yuan.
D.U.S.wheat exported to China was sold at the original price of seven because the road was damaged by water

b
Administrative implementation means that once an administrative decision is formed or finally approved, the administrative organ and its staff carry out the decision, implement all the activities or the entire process of the decision
Which of the following are not part of administrative implementation:
A.In order to implement a decision by the administrative department, check whether the administrative decision conflicts with relevant laws and regulations.
B.The National People's Day is encountered during the implementation of the policy
C.Funds and materials needed by the administrative department to prepare for the implementation of disaster relief measures
D.In order to promote the conscious action of the people to protect the city, the county government held a mobilization meeting and issued a mobilization order.

d
"Some people like to listen to music while working", this is true.
What must be concluded from this?
A.Some people don't like to listen to music while working
B.Some people like work but don't like listening to music
C.Some people like to listen to music but don't like work
D.Not everyone likes to listen to music while working

b
If "Xiao Li is not a section manager but a party member" is false,
Is it bound to be launched?
A.Xiao Li is the section chief and a party member
B.Xiao Li is either the section chief or not a party member
C.Li is not a section manager or a party member
D.Xiao Li is not a section manager or a party member

c
Deputy Secretary Zhang: "I suggest that at least one of Xiao Wang and Xiao Zhang be promoted." Secretary Li: "No."
If Secretary Li's opinion is conveyed to the relevant departments, which of the following is the following accuracy?
A.Both Xiao Wang and Xiao Zhang are promoted
B.Xiao Wang and Xiao Zhang promote at least one person
C.Xiao Wang and Zhang are not promoted
D.If you don't promote Xiao Wang, promote Xiao Zhang

d
Student cadres all have to lead by example.I'm not a student cadre, so I don't want to lead by example."
Is the following the same as its reasoning form?
A.Flowers are red and snowflakes are white, so snowflakes are not flowers
B.Fish are non-viviparous, dolphins are viviparous, so dolphins are not fish
C.Carnivores all have teeth, and eagles have good claws, so eagles are not carnivores.
D.Birds can fly, bats are not birds, so bats cannot fly

a
Xiao Zhang ate in the canteen of the institution and found a bug in the vegetables.She asked the canteen administrator to apologize, and the other party refused.
If the administrator's words are true, what do you think?
A.Xiao Zhang can continue to ask for an apology
B.Xiao Zhang should apologize to the administrator
C.Who is right and who is wrong
D.Both sides have valid reasons

d
Mr.Zhang bought a new watch and checked it with the wall clock at home.He found that the watch was three minutes slower than the wall clock a day.Later, he proofread the wall clock at home with the standard time of the radio.Min.Zhang, therefore, reasoned that his watch was on time.
Which of the following is a correct evaluation of Mr.Zhang's inference?
A.Mr.Zhang's inference is correct because the watch is three minutes slower than the wall clock and the wall clock is three minutes faster than the standard time, which shows that the watch is on time
B.Mr.Zhang's inference is wrong because his watch is new
C.Mr.Zhang's inference is correct, because he considered a variety of possibilities
D.Mr.Zhang's inference is wrong, because the wall clock is three minutes faster than the standard time, which is the standard three minutes, and the watch is three minutes slower than the wall clock, which is the non-standard three minutes.

d
A township is extremely poor, and has been living on state relief for more than a decade.A township chief said before leaving: "For a few years here, although I have not made much contribution, I have kept the hat of the" poor township " This is a contribution of 3 million in poverty relief each year."
Can we infer to his speech?
A.Getting rid of poverty is not an easy task
B.During the tenure of the township head, it is the township head's responsibility not to escape poverty
C.Poor areas must survive without relief funds
D.The head of the township either confused the concept or stole it

a
A college recently conducted a survey on whether scholarships can promote learning efficiency.The survey includes three indicators of self-study attendance, the average time required to complete assignments, and the average daily reading volume.It is 25% more efficient than students who have not received scholarships.It is concluded that the effect of scholarships on helping students improve their learning efficiency is obvious.
Which of the following would weaken the conclusions most? ?
A.Those countries that receive scholarships are usually due to good study habits and high learning efficiency.
B.Scholarship students can more easily improve the learning environment to improve learning efficiency.
C.Students with low learning efficiency usually study long and lack normal rest.
D.Research on the relationship between the level of learning efficiency and the amount of scholarships should be conducted in a quantitative manner.

d
There is a place where there are only gentlemen and villains.The gentleman only tells the truth and the villain only tells lies, but there is no difference in appearance.Ask A: "There must be a gentleman among you two?" A said, "No."
Please judge who they are? ?
A.A is a gentleman, B is a villain
B.A and B are gentlemen
C.A and B are villains
D.A is a villain, B is a gentleman

b
Advertising: Refers to the commercial activities of the producer or operator of the product, which directly or indirectly introduces his or her goods or services through a certain medium and form at the expense of the product.
Which of the following are not advertised?
A.Mengniu Milk Production Sponsors TV Shows
B.Doctor recommends colleagues to buy Haier washing machine
C.China Unicom invites Yao Ming as image spokesperson
D.Close-ups of a certain brand of the mobile phone appear repeatedly in the movie "A World Without Thieves"

d
Informal employment refers to a phased, unstable employment method that is not included in the social security system under the conditions of fierce competition and imperfect systems.
Which of the following are employed informally?
A.Urban Sanitation Workers
B.Security in public schools
C.General Motors workers
D.Renovation workers on the street

a
Virtual community: refers to a relatively fixed network space where a group of netizens voluntarily gather and conduct information release, speech exchange, and other activities.
Which of the following belong to the virtual community?
A.Cafe reading salon
B.Data processing using a computer
C.Email spam
D.Online Forum

d
"Guarantee" means a guaranteed method in which the third party and the creditor agree that when the debtor fails to perform or cannot perform the debt, the third party performs the obligation or assumes liability in accordance with the agreement or the law
Which of the following are guaranteed?
A.A company borrows 1 million yuan from a bank, and if it is unable to repay after the guarantee period expires, it can sell its own machinery and equipment for repayment.
B.When Liu borrowed 20,000 yuan from Xuemou, Chen assured Liu that he would help pay it back then
C.After Zhang borrowed 70,000 yuan from Huang, he said that if he could not repay it by that time, he promised to ask Hu to pay it on his behalf.
D.A borrows 50,000 yuan from B, and C promises to be repaid by A when B is unable to pay.

b
Random sampling: Among all the objects to be examined, randomly sampling several objects for research, and using these objects to estimate the overall situation, this method is called random sampling.
Which of the following is randomly sampled?
A.Estimate the height of middle school students by measuring the height of 180 men's basketball and volleyball team members in juvenile sports schools
B.Estimating the per capita income of any county (district) in each city of Fujian Province to estimate the per capita income of Fujian Province
C.Estimating the per capita income of Fujian Province using the per capita income of Fuzhou
D.Use the academic qualifications of college teachers to estimate the level of education in Fujian

d
Equilibrium price: refers to the price when the supply and demand of a certain commodity are equal.The market mechanism causes the market price to always swing around the equilibrium price.
Which of the following facts can be judged as the equilibrium price?
A.A vendor sells big catfish, people scramble to buy it, and many people return empty-handed
B.Forcibly sell the learning materials of the prescribed price to the subordinate units
C.Establishing the price of Fuzhou's distressed housing according to the price of Shanghai
D.The consumer goods market price announced regularly by the price department

b
Domestic violence: Refers to the physical abuse of one or more family members by another family member.
Which of the following is domestic violence?
A.Wang's father often severely criticizes Wang, sometimes the language is rude
B.Shen did not eat for three days because her mother was not admitted to the key middle school
C.13-year-old Wei accidentally broke the only thermos in the house and was punished by his father for washing his clothes
D.Shangmou's 80-year-old mother is suffering from an unknown disease.She is afraid of a malignant infectious disease.She was taken to see a doctor and lost halfway.

c
New Urban Poverty: Refers to the population in the cities that are mainly poor due to the transformation of various systems and economic structures in the process of China's transition from a planned economy to a market economy.
Which of the following does not belong to the new urban poverty?
A.Lagged workers with backward skills
B.Poor college students who cannot afford tuition
C.Mining workers unemployed due to depletion of resources
D.Elderly without children and no income

d
Empathy refers to the ability to understand the emotions and ideas of others, understand the positions and feelings of others, and think and deal with problems from the perspective of others in the process of interpersonal communication.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is not empathic?
A.Don't do anything to others
B.Being in the same place and empathizing
C.Push yourself and others, compare heart to heart
D.I forget forever

b
Investment refers to the formation of actual capital and can be seen as an act of increasing future consumption at the expense of current consumption.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not an investment behavior below?
A.Lao Zhang bought another dry cleaner for his dry cleaners
B.Old Li deposits a sum of money in the bank
C.Lao Lin purchased a machine tool
D.Lao Zhao purchases 5000 piglets

d
Social deviance refers to behaviors that violate social norms.There are three different types of positive, negative, and neutral.Among them, positive social deviance is a deviance that plays a positive role in social development.This social deviance is to break the tradition and promote social development One of the motivations.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is violations of active society?
A.Teenager runs away from home
B.Unmarried cohabitation
C.Refusal of parental support at the age of 14
D.Use of nude models in art teaching

a
Advertisement certification is to indicate whether the subject qualification of the advertiser is legal and the advertising content is authentic, and legal certification documents, certificates and materials.
According to the above definition, which of the following can be used as proof of advertising?
A.Certificates issued in accordance with the law, demonstrating that the publisher has the qualifications for publishing advertisements
B.Enterprise Legal Person Business License and Business Permit, which are approved and issued in accordance with the law, indicating that the advertising operator is engaged in business activities
C.Approved and issued according to law, indicating that the advertiser has a "Production License Certificate" and a "Product Quality Certificate"
D.Administrative law enforcement power is the "Administrative Penalty Decision" made in accordance with law for advertising publishers, advertising operators and advertisers who illegally publish advertisements.

d
Agricultural modernization refers to the process of transforming traditional agriculture based on direct experience and hand tools into social agriculture based on modern advanced science and technology, production methods and management methods.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following that does not correspond to the meaning of agricultural modernization?
A.Establish a reasonable agricultural production structure and rural economic structure, and realize the socialization of agricultural production with commercialization as the core
B.According to local conditions, according to the differences in agricultural resources and agricultural production conditions in different regions, combining R & F farming and agricultural mechanization methods
C.Extensive use of high-tech agricultural methods such as fermentation, genes, and soilless cultivation to achieve scientific and intensive development of agricultural production technology
D.Take the road of agricultural industrialization centered on the realization of integration of trade, industry, and agriculture, with high yield, high quality, and high efficiency as the basic content

d
Liability insurance refers to the form of insurance that the insured takes as its legal liability, mainly the liability for civil tort damages, as the subject of insurance and applying insurance to an insurance company.
According to the above definition, which of the following is inconsistent with the definition of liability insurance?
A.Product manufacturers take the insurance subject to the liability of the consumer for personal injury caused by product quality problems.
B.Practitioner's liability for compensation that may cause property damage to others due to professional reasons is the subject matter of insurance
C.The insurance formed by an enterprise group taking the liability for compensation of employees' bodily injury or property loss caused by engaging in production and operation activities
D.Enterprises, institutions, and social groups who use their own employees to die due to injuries or accidents caused by injuries or disability as the subject matter of insurance, and apply for insurance

a
The division of a company refers to the act of the company dividing the company into two or more independent companies in accordance with legal procedures.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is not part of the company separation?
A.Company A's conduct of setting up two branches without legal personality in country A and country B to expand the field of production and operation
B.According to the resolution of the shareholders' meeting, Company A established two subsidiaries with legal personality in Country A and B, and retained the legal personality of Company A.
C.Company A set up two subsidiaries with legal personality in country A and country B to expand the field of production and operation, and moved company A to country C
D.Company A's first shareholders' meeting passed a resolution to decide to divide the company's assets and personnel into two parts, set up a production company and a sales company, and revoke the legal personality of company A.

c
Photosynthesis refers to the process in which chlorophyll of green plants synthesizes water and carbon dioxide into organic substances and expels oxygen under sunlight.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is unrelated to photosynthesis?
A.A seed grows into a towering tree
B.Cactus grows in a dry environment
C.Bacterial decomposition of plant residual leaves
D.Growth of farm corn

c
Divergent thinking is a mode of thinking that starts from a certain real thing and makes full use of the original knowledge and experience to induce all kinds of whimsy through imagination, association, analogy, and other forms.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not in divergent thinking?
A.Sun-heating-heat
B.Wave Line—Sea Wave—Sound
C.Sweaters—cotton wool—fiber
D.Flowers—Children—Future

c
Attention "is a mental state that selectively points to and focuses on a certain object or activity." Attention can be divided into "intentional attention" and "unintentional attention" according to whether it is generated and maintained for conscious intention and effort.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is the following description of the status of the students as "intentional attention"?
A.Zhang rushed to the classroom two minutes after the bell rang, and he shouted "Report" at the door, so that the attention of the students turned to Zhang
B.When talking about the Cultural Revolution, Teacher Li suddenly took an enlarged old photo from the podium, and the classmates' eyes were immediately attracted.
Professor C.Huang made a continuous report on the stage for nearly an hour and a half, and was still tired.Sudden power failure, the microphone was silent, and the thousands of students who had originally talked quietly in the audience calmed down.
D.Mr.Liu said, "The scope of this exam will be announced below."

a
Students who want to work as lawyers apply for the law major.Mao Ning has applied for the law major, and he must want to work as a lawyer.
Which of the following is true and best supports this view?
A.All candidates for the legal profession want to work as lawyers
B.Some lawyers are university graduates in law
C.Some people who want to work as lawyers have applied for a law major
D.Many lawyers have a degree in law

c
A study shows that those who work in a comfortable environment are 25% more productive than those who work in an uncomfortable environment.Objective criteria for evaluating work performance include the number of contractors and the complexity of the work.The working environment can increase worker productivity.
Which of the following is true that would weaken the above conclusion? ?
A.On average, less productive employees spend less time in the workplace than more productive employees
B.A comfortable environment is more motivating than hard work
C.Productive employees usually get a comfortable working environment in return
D.Highly productive employees will not work longer than inefficient employees

b
In ancient times, there were four long-time workers speculating on the wealth of the rich man.A said that his money would not exceed 250,000 yuan.B said that his money would not exceed 300,000 yuan.C said that his money was definitely 400,000 yuan.Above, Ding said that his money certainly does not have 500,000 yuan.In fact, only one long-term worker is right.
Which of the following is true to support this view?
A.A is right
B.The rich's money is more than 500,000 yuan
C.The wealth of the rich man is between 400,000 and 500,000.
D.Ding is right

a
The constitution of a university stipulates that the school council is composed of all living alumni of the university, which has the power to handle constitutional affairs; a 20-member council manages daily affairs by a majority vote.A new proposal It is believed that the constitution of the university can be modified by a unanimous vote of the members of the jury.
If the above statement is correct, which of the following conclusions can be drawn?
A.This proposal will only enter into force with the unanimous support of all members of the council.
B.Adopting this proposal will allow amendments to the charter to be adopted without the consent of the General Council
C.Each member of the council has the right to vote on any proposal of the body
D.Adopting this new proposal will increase the university's voting power to manage university affairs

a
Influenza is usually transmitted from an infected person to someone who works near him.Therefore, medicines that suppress the symptoms of flu actually increase the number of people infected with the flu, because this medicine that suppresses flu makes people who should be in bed at home Return to the workplace when infected.
If the above statement is correct, which of the following most strongly refutes this inference? ?
A.This flu-suppressing drug can suppress the main mode of transmission of flu-cough
B.Some medicines commonly used to suppress the flu are also often used to treat patients who are not infected with the flu
C.Many workers who are infected with the flu should stay at home because the symptoms of the flu reduce their work efficiency
D.In order to avoid spreading the flu to people who have retired home over the age of 65, most adults have adopted preventive measures to prevent the flu

b
In New York, the USA.women's handbags made of crocodile skin are priced at $ 1500-4000 according to size.Therefore, many people regard crocodile skin as a symbol of wealth.
Can it be launched from this?
A.People who own crocodile skin are considered richer than those who own gold, diamonds
B.In order to show wealth, rich people may buy handbags made of crocodile skin
C.Once people are rich, they want to have a certain amount of crocodile leather products
D.People who own crocodile leather products are really rich people

d
In order to prevent forest fires, American forest experts have come up with a good way to "fire with fire": require forest managers to regularly choose weather with low wind speeds, low temperatures and high temperatures, and artificially burn small trees and shrubs under trees.Dry branches and dead leaves to prevent natural fires and help extinguish forest fires.
which of the following can't be concluded from this?
A.Preventing forest disasters requires forest managers to take the initiative, and "preventing" forest fires is an effective fire prevention measure
B.Preventing forest fires should study the causes of forest fires and the main causes of forest disasters to extinguish them
C."Fire prevention" forest disaster prevention measures are very inspiring and can be used by forest managers in seasonal forest defense
D.Forest managers can prevent forest fires by regularly removing dry branches, dead leaves, weeds, small trees and shrubs in the forest

d
Some people think that the yellow color of the egg yolk is related to the green color of the plant-based feed that the chicken eats.
In order to verify this conclusion, what should be the most option?
A.Select different breeds of laying hens and feed them with the same plant-based feed
B.Compare the nutritional composition of the feed and choose a batch of eggs with good varieties for experiments
C.Gradually increase or decrease the proportion of plant-based feed to the same batch of layers
D.Choose laying hens of the same breed level, half of the chickens are fed with plant-based feeds, and half of the chickens are fed with non-plant-based feeds.

c
Nuclear power plants are located all over the world.Nuclear power plants operate with low noise and the electricity generated is relatively cheap.Normally operating nuclear power plants will not pollute the environment.Therefore, nuclear power plants will not cause any harm.
If the above statement is correct, which of the following questions the most serious of the above conclusions? ?
A.Once a nuclear leak occurs, it will cause serious nuclear pollution to the local environment
B.Construction of nuclear power plant will cause a certain degree of psychological panic to the local residents
C.Nuclear waste generated by nuclear power plants will release high-energy particles and rays that are extremely harmful to living organisms, and their harmfulness will not disappear for a long time
D.The process of developing nuclear power is extremely complicated, and successful development and safety maintenance require a high price from the government

d
Regional economic cooperation: refers to the economic union and cooperation of countries or regions with similar geographical areas.
According to the above definition, which of the following is options for regional economic cooperation?
A.United Nations
B.Fuzhou Mawei Economic Development Zone
C.World Trade Organization
D.APEC

c
The right to social security refers to the right of citizens to ask the state to protect them when their basic living needs cannot be met.It is the right of citizens to ask the state for help when their survival and development are threatened.
According to the definition above, which of the following is options that are not social security rights?
A.High school students in blind schools have the right to reduce tuition and fees
B.Victims get government assistance after typhoon
C.Workers require rest and recuperation
D.Poor urban residents receive minimum living allowances

b
Administrative emergency: Refers to the system in which state administrative organs exercise emergency powers to control and handle public emergencies.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is options that are not administrative emergency?
A.Administrative agencies take emergency measures after earthquake disaster
B.Letter-and-visit authorities take measures against individual visitors who disrupt their office order
C.Martial law issued after severe unrest
D.Epidemic infectious diseases that endanger human life and health, administrative agencies take emergency measures

b
Imagination: refers to the psychological process of the human brain to process and transform the images formed in the past to produce a new image.Imagination includes unintentional imagination, intentional imagination and fantasy.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is options that are not imagined?
A.Bypassing by category
B.Russia's Moisky observes the flight of birds to make the first aircraft
C.Rizhao incense burner produces purple smoke.Looking at the waterfall hanging from the Qianchuan River, the stream flows down three thousand feet.It is suspected that the Milky Way fell for nine days.
D.Goddess Peak of the Three Gorges, Huangshan welcomes pine

d
Honesty and credit: It means that the actor is required to act in accordance with the reciprocity of the market system.When signing a contract, be honest and not deceived.After signing the contract, keep its promises and learn by itself.
According to the above definitions, what does the following behavior of A not violate the good faith?
A.A and B enter into a malicious collusion agreement to enter into a sales contract that harms the interests of A's agent
B.A conceals the fact that his house will be demolished and transfers his house at market price
C.A deliberately leaks the trade secrets of others
D.B did not deliver the goods before fulfilling the contractual obligations.Therefore, A who later fulfilled the contractual obligations refused to pay the goods.

b
E-government: refers to the use of modern information technology by government agencies to implement a large number of frequent administrative management and daily affairs on the Internet through government websites in accordance with set procedures, thereby breaking the constraints of time, space and some violations, and comprehensively for the Citizens provide efficient and open government services.
Based on the definition above, which of the following is options that are not e-government?
A.Electronic document circulation between subordinate governments
B.Business-to-business transfer payment through internet banking
C.Enterprises complete tax registration and tax payment through the government tax network
D.Establish an electronic transportation website to manage and serve drivers

c
Breath: It is a concept relative to the original.The original refers to the thing that generates a new thing according to the natural attributes or the law, and the breath is the thing that the original produces.
According to the definition above, which of the following is options?
A.Thermal power from heating pipes
B.Beef jerky made from beef
C.Fruits from fruit trees
D.Sprouts from Longan Tree

d
Job work: refers to works created by citizens to complete the tasks of legal persons or other organizations.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is options for job titles?
A.A set of personnel management software developed by cleaners of a computer research institute for their hobby
B."Feelings on Absolute Rights" written by a city government cadre for the provincial newspaper
C.A Chinese Learning Method Written by a Teacher after Summarizing Many Years of Teaching Experience
D.The staff of the propaganda department of a university accepted the school's assignment to take a group of campus landscape photos

c
The right to equality: refers to the right of citizens to enjoy rights equally, without any unreasonable discrimination, and requiring equal protection by the state.
According to the above rights, which option violates the right to equality?
A.A woman demands an equal division of husband and wife's common property in a divorce case
B.Women demand equal pay for equal work with men
C.A primary school refuses to accept a student with a physical disability
D.Married daughter claims to inherit father's inheritance with brother

a
Flow-line operation: Refers to the working process and the sequence of action on the labor object to complete a certain amount of work in the production process, so that the production of the frontier without interruption.
According to the definition above, which of the following is options?
A.10 people in the shoemaking workshop, each person is responsible for a process, and finally produces a finished product
B.Chinese college entrance examination revised paper, 15 teachers are responsible for the correction of a question type
C.My son does his homework in the evening, then his math, and finally his English
D.Purchase of raw materials-processing and production-finished products-sales

c
At the same time that the Internet brings infinite convenience to human beings, it also brings a lot of annoyance.For families with children, the temptation of both the positive and negative aspects of network information is great.The long time children spend online, which will affect vision and learning, which is more worrying for parents is the side effects of pornography, games, violence, etc.from the Internet.Therefore, parents should guide and restrict their children to go online.
Which of the following practices does not conform to the above view?
A.Teach your children how to get online properly
B.As long as it does not affect learning and physical and mental health, and allow children to access the Internet properly, the purpose of increasing knowledge can be achieved.
C.Since the Internet affects children's vision and learning, simply turn off the computer
D.To protect your child's vision, limit your child's online time

c
After the physics final exam, the study committee asked the teacher about his grades and asked, "Teacher, this physics test was not difficult.I think all the students in our class will pass." The teacher said, "Your previous sentence was right.The latter sentence is incorrect."
Can it be inferred from this text?
A.It was difficult to take the physics test
B.The class passed
C.Although physics is not difficult this time, there are still classmates who failed
D.Although the physics test is difficult, the class has passed

a
There are three requirements for recruiting employees from a certain unit: first, knowledgeable; second, skilled; third, hardships and hardships.There are four job applicants A.B, C, and D who meet at least one of the conditions.Knowing: ① A and B are not both knowledge-rich; ② A and D have the same level of knowledge; ③C and D have the same level of hardship and hard work; ④ Three of the four are knowledgeable, two hard and hard, and one is skilled.
The unit was assessed and found that only one of them met all the conditions.Should it be?
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.Ding

c
A market survey report in a city shows that the average spending of cosmetics by residents in this city is 10% higher than the previous year (after deducting price increases), which shows that the consumption of residents in this area has a rising trend.
Assuming the following options are true, what will most weaken the conclusion?
A.Residents pay more and more attention to appearance
B.Consumers enter the store after careful thinking, and their choice of cosmetics is getting more and more haircut
C.Due to the slow economic growth, the growth rate of residents' per capita income has slowed down
D.Residents increasingly prefer natural cosmetics, complaints about counterfeit and inferior cosmetics are increasing

d
In the past decade, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions and abnormal weather have caused more disasters to humans than decades ago, which shows that the earth is becoming more and more hostile and dangerous to humans.This is the pursuit of high-speed economic development by humans.The price to destroy the ecological environment.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument? ?
A.Economic development makes it possible for human beings to use high-tech means to reduce the risk of natural disasters.
B.Economic development does not necessarily lead to the deterioration of the global ecological environment.
C.The harm caused by natural disasters to humans is far lower than human disasters such as war and terrorism.
D.The population expansion and relative poverty caused by the imbalance of global economic development, make more and more people have to live in areas with bad ecological environment.

c
Some nurses have short hair, so some people with short hair wear white clothes.
Which of the following, if true, is sufficient to justify the above statement? ?
A.Some nurses do not wear white clothes
B.Some nurses in white clothes do not have short hair
C.All nurses are in white clothes
D.Some nurses don't like to keep short hair

b
City A has two pillar industries, the chemical industry and tourism.The development of the chemical industry will inevitably lead to pollution and thus damage the ecological environment, but a good ecological environment is a necessary condition for the development of tourism.
From this text, can it be inferred?
A.Chemical industry and tourism should be replaced by other industries
B.The city cannot develop the chemical industry and tourism at the same time
C.The economic income of this city mainly depends on the chemical industry
D.If the ecological environment is destroyed, the chemical industry cannot develop

c
It is known that "if Xiaoming goes to Shanghai, then Xiaohong or Xiaoqing also goes to Shanghai",
Then the following options must be true?
A.If Xiaohong does not go to Shanghai, then Xiaoming does not go to Shanghai
B.If Xiaoqing does not go to Shanghai, then Xiaoming does not go to Shanghai
C.If Xiaohong and Xiaoqing do not go to Shanghai, then Xiaoming does not go to Shanghai
D.If Xiaoming does not go to Shanghai, then neither Xiaohong nor Xiaoqing will go to Shanghai

a
Institutional administrative modernization refers to the democratization of administrative concepts, the humanization of rules and regulations, and the scientific management methods.Administrative administration is the objective need of modern social development and scientific and technological progress, and is an important part of economic and social development.A fundamental epoch-making change,
Which of the following options best complement the above:?
A.The administrative organs must not follow the old rules and stand still.They must develop with the development of the times and change with the changes of the times.
B.Administrative agencies must establish a strong concept of timeliness and serve the executive heads and administrative departments in a timely and efficient manner
C.Each administrative agency must formulate effective rules and regulations, which is a guarantee for achieving standardized administrative management and improving administrative efficiency
D.With the development of science and technology and computer network technology, administrative agencies must implement office automation and networking

b
At present, more and more newly-married couples register their personal property before marriage, which is beneficial to both society and the family.It should be promoted, at least not opposed.
Which of the following options do not support the above conclusions:?
A.In previous divorce cases, property division was the most difficult issue
B.An important reason for the rise in the divorce rate in China is the imbalance between the social status of the two sides.The celebrity divorce rate is the highest.
C.Pre-marital property justice is widespread in advanced countries.
D.Pre-marital property notarization, as long as the parties have a correct understanding of this, it will not adversely affect the feelings of the newlyweds.

b
Most only children have a self-centered tendency.Some non-only children also have a self-centered tendency.There are various reasons for the self-centered tendency, but one common reason is the lack of proper parental guidance.
If the above is true, which of the following must be true? ?
A.Every family without proper parental guidance has only children.
B.Some parents lack the right guidance to guide their children as non-only children.
C.Although some families lack proper parental guidance, their children are not self-centered.
D.Most families lacking proper parental guidance have only children.

a
A football coach teaches his players like this: "Football is always a hero based on results.In football, you are either a winner or a loser; in the eyes of the fans, you are either a brave or a weak person.Winners are brave in the eyes of fans, so every loser is weak in the eyes of fans."
In order for the football coach's argument to be valid, which of the following must be assumed?
A.In the eyes of the fans, the brave on the pitch will win
B.Fans have accurate judgment to distinguish between bravery and cowardice.
C.The brave in the eyes of fans is not necessarily the true brave.
D.Even on the field, winning or losing is not the only criterion that distinguishes bravery and cowardice.

b
The longer the age of a tree, the more its annual rings.In the courtyard of Lao Zhang, the age of the locust tree is longer than that of the old Li family.
Which of the following reasoning most closely resembles the problem? ?
A.The older a person is, the more mature he becomes.Lao Zhang is older than his son, so Lao Zhang is more mature than his son.
B.The higher the altitude, the thinner the air.Because the altitude of Xining is higher than that of Xi'an, the air in Xining is thinner than Xi'an.
C.This year's marathon champion has better results than the previous year.Zhang Hua is this year's marathon champion, so his marathon results this year are better than his previous year.
D.In a fiercely competitive market, the higher the product quality and the more county-level advertising investment, the greater the demand for the product.Company A invests more advertising costs than company B.Therefore, the demand for company A's products is higher than that for company B.The company's demand is high.

d
Xiao Li bought a new watch and checked it with the wall clock at home.He found that the watch was three minutes slower than the wall clock a day.Later, he checked the wall clock at home with the standard time of the radio and found that the wall clock was three times faster than the standard time of the radio.Min.Xiao Li therefore concluded that his watch was on time.
Which of the following is a correct evaluation of Xiao Li's inference? ?
A.Xiao Li's inference is correct because his watch is new
B.Xiao Li's inference is correct, because the watch is three minutes slower than the wall clock, and the wall clock is three minutes faster than the standard time, which indicates that the watch is on time
C.Xiao Li's inference cannot be judged to be correct or wrong
D.Xiao Li's inference is wrong, because the wall clock is three minutes faster than the standard time, it is the standard three minutes, and the watch is three minutes slower than the wall clock, which is not equivalent.

c
After joining the World Trade Organization, with foreign capital, the battle for talents between foreign and domestic enterprises, the income of high-quality talents will increase rapidly; a large number of rural labors are leaving the land and flowing into cities and towns, and the rise in urban unemployment has caused ordinary workers to It is difficult to raise income levels.
So it can be launched:?
A.Regional income gap will widen
B.Economic growth causes inflation
C.Knowledge and skills are the main factors determining the income level of workers
D.Joining the WTO does not equal rapid economic growth in China

d
Recent surveys show that many people seeking medical help are under great stress.Medical research also shows that stress can adversely affect a person's immune system against infection.Therefore, when a person is under stress, he is more May be sick.
Which of the following options best support the above conclusion ()
A.The number of illnesses treated by university hospitals has increased significantly during the holidays
B.Significant reduction in the number of illnesses treated by university hospitals during the exam
C.Many companies report reduced absenteeism during periods of stress
D.Many companies that provide health insurance for employees also provide stress management workshops

b
Accident: refers to an accident that occurs because of the accidental factors of the party's intentional or negligent accident.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options are unexpected:
A.Huang accidentally drove a scrap car in the middle of a car accident.
B.Xiaoming accidentally hurt his classmates while playing and playing in class.
C.The doctor injected Zhang with penicillin without conducting an allergy test, which caused Zhang to die.
D.Lee was lethargic at night, causing theft of the warehouse.

b
The right to freedom of expression: refers to an individual's way of expressing the results of his inner spiritual activity or mental life.He expresses them in language, text books, physical movements or any other method, so that others or society can know their inner thoughts.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are the right to freedom of expression:?
A.A company employee requires participation in on-the-job training
B.A writer published a serial novel in the newspaper
C.A victim asks the infringer to compensate for economic losses
D.Application for alteration permit for a house

b
Low-price dumping: refers to the behavior of operators selling goods at a price lower than the cost for the purpose of crowding out competitors.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options are low-price dumping behaviors:?
A.Spring is about to sell winter clothing in a clothing store
B.A store sells bags for less than the purchase price in order to occupy the bag market
C.Selling computers of a bankrupt appliance company at a low price
D.A furniture store deals with a long-term backlog of furniture at a low price

a
Inner conviction: It refers to a kind of spiritual power for people to make good and evil judgments on their own behavior and their motives under the scrutiny of their self-conscience.It is an important way of moral evaluation.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are of inner conviction:?
A.Clear conscience
B.A mental patient threatens to kill
C.A child took the money
D.Someone breaks into someone else's house by mistake

b
Commodity difference: refers to the price difference between the same product due to the circulation, the purchase and sale of the product, the purchase and sale season, and the different quality.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are not classified as commodity spreads:?
A.Supermarket vegetables are 1.5 yuan per catty in the morning and 2 yuan per catty in the afternoon
B.Volkswagen and Fukang cars have different prices
C.Beef in Jiadi is 2 yuan cheaper per pound than B, because Jiadi is a pastoral area.
D.The price of the same book when it was first released is not the same as two years later

a
Learning behavior: refers to new behaviors that are not established in animals, but are gradually established through life experience and learning during the growth of animals.
Which of the following options are not part of learning sex?
A.Hen nest
B.Great Tit Rope Feeding
C.Chimpanzee learns to hunt termites on tree branches
D.Puppies do calculations

d
Experimental method: It refers to the method of simulating or interfering with the signals used between the animals that undergo behavior or the animals that accept behavior, and then analyze the main factors that stimulate behavior.
Which of the following options are experimental?
A.Use a camera to shoot the movement of a cheetah and study how the cheetah chases its prey.
B.Observing bird breeding activities with a telescope
C.The zoo used CCTV to study the process of the remaining Siberian tigers
D.Dolphins are disturbed by sound waves in water, and dolphins' response to sound waves is observed.

b
Inter-bank lending: refers to the business method of financing short-term funds between financial institutions, the purpose of which is to adjust positions and temporary fund surpluses.
Which of the following options are interbank lending?
A.Bank A borrows a fund from Bank B to fill the credit fund gap
B.Bank A integrates funds to invest in real estate
C.Bank A found an imbalance in the revenue and expenditure of funds when it closed its business
D.Fund Dispatch between Bank A's Internal Branches

c
Professor: Under the principle of the eldest son's inheritance, the first male baby born by a man's first wife always has the right to inherit family property first.Student: That's not true.Mrs.Houston is the only alive of his father's only wife Child, she inherited all his legacy.
The student misunderstood what the professor meant, what did he understand?
A.A man can be the father of a child
B.Daughter cannot be counted as the first child born
C.Only sons can inherit property
D.Illegitimate children cannot inherit property

d
Peng Ping is a computer programming expert and Yao Xin is a mathematician.In fact, all computational programming experts are mathematicians.We know that most comprehensive universities in China today are training computer programming experts.
Based on this, we can consider:
A.Peng Ping was trained by a comprehensive university
B.Most computer programming experts are trained by comprehensive universities
C.Yao Xin is not a graduate of a comprehensive university
D.Some mathematicians are computer programming experts

c
Recently, a health care hospital in the South conducted a 10-week weight loss test.The participants lost an average of 9 kg, the male participants lost an average of 13 kg, and the female participants lost an average of 7 kg.Female participants are heavy.
If the above is true, then the following conclusions are correct: C
A.Female participants weigh less than male participants before losing weight
B.More female participants than male participants
C.More male participants than female participants
D.Male participants are lighter than female participants after losing weight

c
3 Engel coefficient: refers to the proportion of food expenditure amount to the total expenditure amount.Engel's law refers to the law of the decline in the ratio of food consumption expenditure to total household consumption expenditure with the improvement of family living standards.(% Of life is good)
Based on the above definition, is the following statement correct?
A.Wang Ming's total expenditure this month was 1,000 yuan, of which 500 yuan was used for food expenses; in the second month, the total expenditure was 1200 yuan, of which 600 yuan was used for food expenses, indicating that his family's living standard has increased.
B.Xiaohua buys snacks of 100 yuan per month and the basic meal costs 300 yuan, so his Engel coefficient is 33%
C.Americans generally spend 20% of their total expenditure on food, while Chinese spend 50% on food, indicating that Americans have a higher quality of life than Chinese
D.People who spend all their expenses on food purchases have a happy life

b
4 Comparison effect: Refers to the mutual influence of some related economic variables in social and economic activities or the economic interest subject in the distribution of benefits, and the phenomenon of taking turns to advance.
Which of the following is the comparison effect?
A.A and B are more beautiful than their wives, and agree that the loser invites the other to drink
B.The employees of the enterprise compare with each other in terms of wages and incomes, and require the unit to increase wages and increase income.
C.A technician from Company A visited the workshop of Company B, and secretly resolved to learn from Company B
D.After comparing the number of thieves captured by the Public Security Bureaus of the two counties, the Provincial Public Security Department considered that County A had a good law and order situation.

c
5 Administrative processing refers to the specific administrative act of an administrative subject in order to achieve the administrative goals and tasks determined by the corresponding laws, regulations and rules.The administrative counterpart should apply for or deal with matters related to the specific rights and obligations of specific administrative counterparts.Refers to the other party corresponding to the administrative subject in the administrative legal relationship.C
According to the above definitions, Which of the following actions are administrative
A.The central government makes a strategic plan to develop the western region
B.National People's Congress proposes to amend the Marriage Law
C.Out-of-litigation mediation for specific disputes presided over by administrative agencies
D.Public security organs arrest criminals

c
7 Leaks: Refers to violations of the confidentiality code and laws, and the disclosure of state secrets within the time limit of confidentiality, or disclosure to those who should not know, thereby causing damage to national security and interests.
Which of the following acts is not a leak:
A.Intentional disclosure of state secrets to domestic and foreign enemies
B.Selling a country's construction plan for a large water conservancy facility to a foreign businessman
C.Someone was unconscious in a serious car accident while carrying state secret documents, and the documents were taken away in confusion
D.Forgetting important files in the waiting hall due to hurried walking, obtained by foreigners

b
Causal prediction method refers to a prediction method that estimates the future results from the "context" of known causes based on the causal relationship of changes in the movement of things.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is the causal prediction method used in the following options?
A.Xiao Ming's performance has always been among the best in the class, and he must be a good student with excellent academic performance.
B.Autumn crops have been harvested for three consecutive years.According to the comprehensive analysis of agricultural meteorological conditions in the previous stage, the average number of ears per mu, and the area of pests and diseases, this year should be a harvest year
C.The river is clear and bottomed, indicating that there is no undercurrent in the river
D.All athletes who have not won medals in this Olympic Games have not worked hard to train

c
Administrative decision-making refers to decisive administrative actions made by administrative organs and administrative leaders in accordance with laws and relevant regulations based on the principles of public interest and fairness and justice when dealing with government affairs.
According to the above definition, which of the following options are not administrative decisions?
A.In order to reduce energy consumption, the government of Wuping Town has formulated detailed implementation measures on changing the structure of fuel for household heating.
B.A national key project needs to occupy farmers 'land in a certain city.To this end, the municipal government has formulated a policy of requisitioning farmers' land.
C.In response to the question of whether or not to collect bottle opening fees, the Suzhou Consumer Association of Jiangsu Province and the Suzhou Catering Industry Chamber of Commerce jointly formulated the "Suzhou Municipality's Measures for Regulating the Operational Behavior of the Catering Industry"
D.During the Asian financial crisis in 1997, in order to maintain a stable exchange rate policy and prevent Asian countries from falling into a new round of financial turmoil, the Chinese government made a public commitment not to devalue the RMB.

d
Crisis management planning refers to a comprehensive process of some methods and measures to prevent people from more effectively grasping things and social public opinion through planning methods in order to prevent the outbreak of a crisis or reduce it after the crisis has occurred, in order to reduce the risks and losses caused by the crisis.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following options is not a crisis management plan?
A.When the typhoon is about to land, the local government issues an emergency notice prohibiting fishermen from going to sea
B.In order to prevent accidents during the game, sufficient water, first aid equipment and medical staff are prepared in advance
C.The company experienced a crisis, quickly auctioned some assets under its name, obtained liquid funds, and avoided bankruptcy
D.The house suddenly collapsed, and Xiao Liu escaped from the gap because of his short body and fast running.

d
The lateral thinking method refers to a way of using ideas, knowledge, or methods from other fields to find possible ways and ideas to solve a problem in the field.
Based on the above definition, which of the following options does not use a lateral thinking method?
A.Grasse proposed the idea of a bubble chamber by observing the phenomenon of beer bubbling
B.Luban invented the saw by scratching his fingers with thatched fine teeth
C.Austrian doctor Ornbrugg, inspired by tapping on a barrel to know how much wine is in the barrel, came up with a "percussion" method to diagnose whether there is stagnant water in the human chest
D.Curie discovered the natural radioactive element radium based on the blue light seen in the laboratory

c
Commercial bribery refers to the person in charge or employee who buys customers through improper means such as secret payment of property or other compensation in order to gain trading opportunities in market trading activities, especially to gain market advantages over competitors.Partners, agents, and staff of relevant government departments can influence the behavior of relevant personnel in market transactions.
According to the definition above, which of the following options is a commercial bribe?
A.A construction company invested 1 million yuan to establish an orphanage to establish a good social image, and later won the bid for the municipal government project tender
B.Xiao Wang, a government official, gives priority to project approval procedures for his classmates
C.Doctor Lee bought foreign medical equipment at a high price, and the manufacturer of the equipment provided Lee's daughter studying abroad for one year free of charge.
D.A brand beer manufacturer advertises the effectiveness of its beer in the mall

a
Technology transfer refers to the transfer of technological achievements from one enterprise, one institution to other enterprises, and the activities of institutions.Large-scale technology transfer forms technology diffusion.
According to the definitions above, are the following not technology transfers?
A department head of A.F company passed on some experience to new colleagues
A laboratory at the University of B.S recently developed a new energy-saving technology through research.They transferred this technology to company D for a fee.
C.P company sells or authorizes the transfer of patents or other intellectual property rights, technology to other companies
D.Knowledge transfer from where it was generated to where it is used

b
Implied effect refers to the use of implicit and abstract indirect methods to influence people's psychology and behavior under the condition of no confrontation, thereby inducing people to act or accept certain opinions in a certain way, so that their thinking, behavior and The hinter's expectations are consistent.
According to the above definition, which of the following options have no implied effect?
A.The classmates are still discussing the topics in the classroom.The teacher who is teaching stops and the classroom is silent.
B.Grandma Zhang in her 70s kept mumbling, "My grandson is coming back soon", not long after, her grandson came back to visit her
C.In the forest, the old Orion walked silently, everyone followed closely
D.Since the class teacher praised Xiaohong for her fast learning progress at the class meeting, Xiaohong has worked harder

b
Pollution-free vegetables refer to vegetables that use microbial pesticides, agricultural antibiotics, and other biological control measures and highly effective, low-toxicity, and low-residue chemical pesticides to comprehensively prevent and control vegetable diseases and insect pests, so that the pesticide residues are lower than the nationally permitted eating standards.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is correct in the following options?
A.Pollution-free vegetables must use microbial pesticides
B.Allowed use of agricultural antibiotics
C.Chemical pesticides can be used as long as they are highly effective and low toxic
D.Pollution-free vegetables can be eaten with confidence and will not cause any harm to the body

d
Green technology refers to the promotion of a civilized lifestyle and a mode of consumption, emphasizing the rational development and recycling of natural resources, the development of clean production technologies, and pollution-free green products.The company implements green management and environmental management to maintain humanity.Science and technology for sustainable development of society.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following are options for developing green technology in the following options?
A.Miniaturization of materials used in industrial products
B.Reduced land occupation of the plant to achieve multifunctionality
C.High recycling of waste
D.Reduce the economic cost of production raw materials

b
A sole proprietorship refers to an operating entity established in accordance with the law, invested by a natural person, whose property is the investor's personal ownership, and whose investor's personal property bears unlimited liability for corporate debt.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is correct in the following options?
A.Lee built a factory with personal savings, and then the company did not run well and could not pay the debts due.The creditors went to Lee's house and asked his family to pay the debts for Li.
B.Xiaoming suffers from polio, but it does not prevent him from becoming an investor in a sole proprietorship
C.Xiaohui, 15 years old, flexible-minded, using years of "New Year's money" to fund the establishment of a sole proprietorship
D.Due to the huge profits of cigarettes, Longmou decided to set up a sole proprietorship enterprise to sell its own homemade cigarettes

d
At a station, there are two trains A and B waiting to go side by side.After a while, the passengers in the car A see the trees outside the car moving east, and the passengers in the car B see the car A through the window.
If you use the ground as a reference, which of the following are movements of the two cars seen by the above passengers?
A.Train A moves west, Train B is stationary
B.Train A moves west, Train B moves east
C.Train B moves west, Train A does not move
D.Trains A and B move westward at the same speed

a
Plastic waste is difficult to be naturally decomposed, which has been a headache.In recent years, many plastic substitutes that are easily decomposed by nature have come out.This is a human effort to reduce plastic waste.However, this effort has almost no effect.According to statistics, in recent years, the proportion of plastic waste in the landfills of most waste treatment companies worldwide has not decreased but increased in recent years.
If the following options are true, what will weaken the above argument most?
A.In recent years, due to the implementation of waste classification, more and more wastes that have been landfilled in the past have been recycled.
B.Plastic substitutes have very low profits and manufacturers lack the incentive to invest
C.In recent years, the variety of goods packaged in plastic has grown significantly
D.The vast majority of the above-mentioned waste treatment companies belong to developed or middle developed countries

c
For a legal person or other organization's legal representative, the contract entered into by a person in charge beyond its authority shall be effective unless the counterparty knows or should know that it has exceeded its authority.
Can be derived from the above text?
A.The counterparty is not supposed to know and does not know that he has exceeded his authority to enter into a contract with himself, the legal representative's representative act is invalid
B.When the counterparty knows or should know that it has exceeded its authority to enter into a contract with itself, the representative person's representative acts effectively
C.When the counterparty does not know that he has exceeded his authority to enter into a contract with him, the representative of the legal person's representative acts effectively
D.The counterparty should not be aware that when he enters into a contract with himself, the representative of the legal person's representative acts effectively

b
In public places, roadside digging, and other ground construction, where no safety measures such as the setting of obvious warning signs are used to cause pedestrian damage, the presumption of fault is applicable, that is, after the pedestrian proves that the damage he suffered was caused by the behavior of the constructor If the construction person cannot prove that he is not at fault, the construction person is deemed to be at fault.
When the above text can be used to explain the damage caused by ground construction?
A.The victim has an obligation to prove that he has been harmed
B.The victim is obliged to prove that the damage was caused by the actions of the constructor
C.The victim is obliged to prove that he is not at fault but not obliged to prove that the constructor is at fault
D.The constructor is obliged to prove that he is not at fault, and the victim is not obligated to prove that he is at fault

d
The harder the car ’s shock absorption system is, the faster it runs, the more stable the body is at the corners.According to this, the sales staff of the “Lutong” car sales company advised the manufacturer that in order to increase sales, the “Lutong” company The car's shock absorption system is designed to be more "hard".
If the following are true, what would best support the above proposal?
A.At present, the shock absorption system of the best-selling cars on the market is more "hard" than the cars sold by Lutong
B.German car shock absorption system is relatively "hard", German car is a good car
C.Many people think that the "hard" shock absorption system will make the car bump, but it is better to "soft"
D.Recently, more "hard" shock absorption systems have begun, especially for young drivers.

c
Some of the school's professors are football fans, and members of the school budget committee have unanimously requested that the school's football stadium be converted into an office building, and all football fans strongly oppose this.
From this?
A.Not all members of the school budget committee are school professors
B.All school professors are members of the school budget committee
C.Some professors in the school are not members of the school budget committee
D.Some members of the school budget committee are football fans

d
China is in the transition period of per capita GDP from US $ 100 to US $ 3,000.In the process of accelerating industrialization, people's demand for material culture is constantly increasing.However, the current lack of public goods and public services provided by the government is inconsistent with the growing population The public needs of society are not adapted.
If the following are true, which of the following are options that cannot strengthen the above discussion?
A.At the end of 2004, the number of people participating in basic endowment insurance, unemployment insurance, and medical insurance nationwide accounted for 21.96%, 14.22%, and 16.64% of the total number of employed people in the country.
B.In 2004, 44.8% of the urban population and 79.1% of the rural population did not have any medical security
C.In 2004, the proportion of public health care expenditure in GDP, the average level of low- and middle-income countries was 2.6%, while China's was 1.9%.
D.In 2004, fiscal revenue of the central government accounted for 54.9% of total fiscal revenue, fiscal revenue of local governments accounted for 45.1% of total fiscal revenue; central fiscal expenditure accounted for 27.8% of total fiscal expenditure, and local government fiscal expenditure accounted for 72.2%

d
For quite some time in the past, we have been using Soviet-style socialism as standard socialism, but since the 1980s, people have begun to rethink "which is socialism, how to build society", and "Society "Is there only a model like the Soviet Union?"
which is the logical premise of this passage?
A.Soviet Union competes with the United States military
B.Political change in Gorbachev, Soviet Union
C.Soviet socialist theory has been criticized by British and American political critics
D.Soviet-style socialism increasingly reveals drawbacks

c
The government should perform the functions of economic regulation and market supervision, strive to achieve separation of government and enterprise, separation of government and capital, separation of government affairs, separation of government from market intermediary organizations, and mainly use economic and legal means to manage economic activities.The main responsibility of government departments is to provide basic Public services, maintaining social equity, creating and maintaining a good market environment, and promoting the stable operation of the market economy.
Which of the following statements best supports this assertion?
A.The government can no longer engage in specific economic activities or conduct microeconomic management under the conditions of a market economy
B.The role of the government in the market economy is more weakened than in the planned economy
C.The role of the government is to prevent and compensate for market failures and provide the basic conditions for the normal operation of the market economy to ensure the stable development of the economy
D.Promoting the reform of the administrative management system is to accelerate the formation of a code of conduct, coordinated operation, fairness and transparency, and a clean and efficient administrative management system.

b
Administrative decision-making refers to the process by which national administrative organs and their staff members make scientific decisions on issues to be resolved in accordance with law on the basis of fully collecting relevant information and systematically demonstrating in order to perform national management functions.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are administrative decisions
A.A director decides to introduce a project abroad, and the project makes huge profits
B.In order to solve the pollution problem of the enterprise, a municipal government made a corresponding decision on the basis of sufficient and systematic demonstration.However, the decision plan failed during specific implementation, causing huge economic losses.
C.A government agency has collected a large amount of information for the construction of the residence of the staff of the agency, and held a meeting on the design of the building to discuss and form relevant resolutions.
D.The director of the agricultural bureau of the city of A went to inspect the city of B, and seeing that the eucalyptus plantation in the mountainous area of the city of B has made great gains, he decided to plant a large area of eucalyptus in the plain area of the eastern district of city

b
E-government is a government agency that uses modern network communication and computer technology to optimize its internal and external management and service functions in accordance with the principles of possible and efficient, and then reorganizes them on the network to break the constraints of time, space, and department separation.To provide an integrated, efficient, high-quality, and honest management and service process for the public and themselves.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of the e-government:
A.A city government establishes a network platform to implement all of its original government affairs on the network
B.Office automation in a city government
C.A municipal government establishes an internal information network platform to enable all departments to share information
D.A city government develops an online declaration system for social organizations and individuals

d
No more punishment for a matter means that the administrative organ shall not impose an administrative penalty of two or more fines on the same illegal act of the parties.
According to the above definition, Which of the following violations are no longer punishable:
A.A drunk driver was fined 300 yuan on section A.and then continued to drive on section B and fined 500 yuan.
B.A city's Environmental Protection Bureau fined 10,000 yuan for illegal sewage discharge by Enterprise A.The City Administration for Industry and Commerce ordered it to suspend business for a few days
C.A was fined 5,000 yuan by the County Bureau of Industry and Commerce for smuggling cigarettes.Soon the county court sentenced him to a fine of 6,500 yuan for the crime of smuggling.
D.A county environmental protection bureau fined A company 10,000 yuan for violations and ordered it to suspend business for rectification; due to the serious consequences of this sewage discharge, the county industrial and commercial bureau also fined A company 20,000 yuan

d
A limited partnership refers to a partnership composed of general partners and limited partners.The general partners bear unlimited joint and several liability for the debts of the partnership, and the limited partners are responsible for the debts of the partnership to the extent of their contribution..
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are limited partnerships:
A.A and B are partners of the partnership, and A assumes unlimited liability for the debts of the partnership caused by the fault of A; B shall be liable to the extent of its property share in the partnership
B.Debt to the partnership.All partners have unlimited liability
C.The company's external debt is borne by the company with its own capital, and has nothing to do with the personal property of A or B
D.For a partnership, A contributes 20,000 yuan and B contributes 200,000 yuan.A participates in the daily operation and management of the enterprise, and B does not participate in the management.The post-partnership business has a loss and external debts amount to more than 1 million.Responsibility, B is limited to 20

c
Reduction refers to reducing the consumption of resources and the generation of waste in the process of production, circulation and consumption, which is a kind of circular economy.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not reduced:
A.A motor vehicle manufacturing enterprise adopts fuel-saving technology in accordance with the national vehicle fuel economy standards
B.According to the spirit advocated by the municipal government, an enterprise eliminates its energy-intensive production processes
C.Comprehensive utilization of crop straw, livestock and poultry manure, and waste agricultural film in an agricultural production base
D.A company strictly enforces product packaging standards to prevent excessive packaging

d
The law of identity means that in the same thinking process, each thought is the same as itself, that is, each concept, proposition, topic, and other thinking forms are consistent, consistent, and definite.
According to the definitions above, which of the following is the following that conforms to the same law?
A.Some people say, "The masses are the real heroes.I am the masses.So, I am the real heroes."
B.Some people say: "Empiricalism cannot be opposed in general.For example, work experience, production experience should not be opposed."
C.Someone attacked the theory of evolution and said, "You believe that monkeys are the ancestors of humans.Then, have you changed from your grandfather or your grandmother's monkey group?"
D.Some people say: "The cause of justice is invincible; and our cause is the cause of justice, so our cause is invincible."

c
Employment discrimination refers to the fact that the employer has no legal basis and makes various restrictions on potential employees in the future, thereby excluding a phenomenon that should meet the equal employment rights of employees in related positions.
According to the above definition, which of the following is employment discrimination?
A.A college of arts issued the "Admissions Brochure" which requires female applicants to be up to 160CM and males to be 175CM
B.A state-owned coal mine recruits underground miners and requires candidates to be male
C.A company recruits ordinary clerks and requires candidates to be unmarried women
D.Teachers are recruited from a university.The cost of new teachers is 10,000 yuan if they have a local account, and only 5,000 yuan if they do not have a local account.

b
The ecological threshold refers to a point or a section of the ecosystem that rapidly changes from one state to another, and the driving force for this transition comes from the weak additional changes of one or more key ecological factors.The ecological threshold zone implies The process of the gradual transition of the ecosystem from one stable state to another, without a sudden change like the point threshold.
According to the definition above, which of the following is wrong in the following table?
A.If it can be shown that preservation of 30% of native vegetation can protect most species from threats, if it is less than 30%, it will seriously threaten the survival of species, and 30% is the ecological threshold
B.If it is found that a further increase of 3.75% of the reference temperature will threaten the local ecosystem with severe drought, 3.75% is its ecological threshold
C.If research shows that when bird habitat decreases from 15% to 7%, bird diversity will gradually decrease, and 7% is its ecological threshold
D.If it is found that the relative air humidity of a place in the range of 44.7% to 53% will be beneficial to the local vegetation survival, but if it is higher than 53% or lower than 44.7% will seriously affect the vegetation survival, then 44.7% and 53% Ecological threshold

d
Investigation revealed that not all food stores have sanitation permits.
If the conclusion of the above survey is true, which of the following can be inferred ?,
A.All food stores have no sanitation permits
B.Few food stores do not have a health permit
C.Most food stores have health permits
D.Some food stores do not have sanitation permits

c
The movie "If You Are the One" is released in Quancheng.The propaganda department of the Shenzhou company with exclusive rights has invested 1 million yuan for advertising.The business department has organized 8 home theater advance screenings and extended schedules, and the financial department has implemented specific revenue sharing with each cinema.Through the efforts of various departments, the company finally earned 5 million yuan, while the company summarized this work but criticized the mistakes made by the propaganda department in this work.
If the above facts are true, which of the following is the most reasonable explanation for the above situation?
A.The company's publicity department did not communicate with other departments in advance, and the publicity department lacked pertinence
B.Insufficient investment from the company's publicity department.When "If You Are the One" was released in Baicheng, the company invested 2 million yuan.
C.Due to neglecting the film's own free publicity effect, the investment of the company's publicity department is actually too large
D.The propaganda of the company's publicity department has no new breakthroughs in creativity and form

d
The Administrative Reconsideration Law stipulates that citizens, legal persons or other organizations that a specific administrative act infringes their legitimate rights and interests may apply for reconsideration to a higher administrative organ or an administrative organ provided by laws or regulations.The Administrative Procedure Law provides that: In administrative cases, citizens, legal persons and other organizations may first apply for reconsideration to the next higher administrative organ.If the applicant refuses to accept the reconsideration, they may file a lawsuit in the people's court within 15 days from the date of receipt of the reconsideration decision: they may also file a lawsuit in the people's court litigation.
which of the following can be deduced from the above discussion?
A.Citizens, legal persons or other organizations disagree with specific administrative actions and can only apply for administrative reconsideration
B.Citizens, legal persons or other organizations are dissatisfied with specific administrative actions.Only administrative proceedings can be instituted
c.Citizens, legal persons or other organizations are not satisfied with specific administrative actions and cannot directly initiate administrative lawsuits
D.Citizens, legal persons or other organizations are not satisfied with the administrative reconsideration decision.

a
Surveys show that very few of today's 85-90-year-olds are left-handed.Sociologists believe that this is because 80 years ago, children were forced to use their right hands if they would be beaten if they ate or wrote with their left hands.
What assertions can be strengthened by this investigation?
A.Habits are the product of genetic advantages and social stress
B.In the past, people have different social attitudes with left or right hands
C.Because right-handed people can live longer, parents force left-handed children to change their habits
D.Using the right hand is smarter.It is scientifically untenable

a
All Henan migrant workers have obtained temporary residence permits; all those who have obtained temporary residence permits have obtained employment permits; some Henan migrant workers have become gatekeepers: some martial arts school students have become gatekeepers: all martial arts schools No trainees have obtained employment permits.
If the above is true.What options cannot be determined to be true?
A.Some Henan people who come to Beijing to play T are students in martial arts schools.
B.All Henan migrant workers have obtained employment permits
C.Some gatekeepers have employment permits
D.Some guards do not have employment permits

b
After the expansion of a residential area, newly moved residents complained to the real estate company that the nearby airport was too noisy and unbearable.However, the old residents did not support them and said that they also felt the noise was too loud.The company claimed that they would not take the health of the residents However, they decided not to take action on the complaint.They thought the airport noise was not great because the old residents did not complain.
Which of the following,ifis true,can best refute the above view of the real estate company?
A.Old residents usually wear earplugs to solve problems.They think it is effective
B.Old residents have no complaints of solidarity.It is because their hearing has been dulled due to long-term noise
C.Real estate underwriters do not live in this neighborhood.Therefore they do not feel the noise of the nearby airport
D.Some new residents are overly sensitive to airport noise.Their complaints are suspected to be difficult

c
On the issue of the death penalty, a professor believes that killing lives.Naturally, severe punishment can prevent and prevent major crimes to a certain extent.For example, in the United States, the state with the death penalty has a lower crime rate than the state without the death penalty.So the death penalty can be reduced crime.
Which of the following options are most likely to question the professor's point of view?
A.A form of punishment that deprives offenders of life.The most severe of the punishment system
B.Many countries in the world have abolished the death penalty to varying degrees
C.U.S.law provides for prosecution and adjudication in accordance with the law, where many criminals frequently commit crimes
D.In recent years, U.S.citizens have waned in their appeal for the abolition of the death penalty.

c
An audio-visual company produces a genuine music disc that sells for 50 yuan each, making a profit of 15 yuan.However, it is found in the market that pirated products sell for only 20 yuan each.Therefore, if 100,000 pirated discs are sold, it will cause 150 to the audio-visual company Loss of ten thousand yuan.
In order for the above argument to be valid, what premise must be assumed?
A.Because the relevant government departments crack down on the sale of pirated discs, many people do not have pirated discs to buy
B.Many consumers can easily identify genuine and pirated discs due to different cover packages
C.If there are no pirated discs, the company will sell no less than 100,000 genuine discs
D.The selling price of the illegal disc was later reduced to 15 yuan

b
Many people think that a large amount of investment in basic research seems to have little effect, because applied technology directly affects production.However, the development of applied research requires the backing of basic theoretical research.Pure theoretical research may not see any usefulness for the time being.But it is not certain that it will not bring great benefits in the future.
What are the most likely assumptions for the above argument?
A.There is no need to invest money for purely theoretical research because it has no practical purpose
B.Time lag between the discovery of a new phenomenon and the practical use for which it was developed
C.Comparatively speaking, we should focus on investing in applied science and technology research.
D.The current education system is not conducive to purely theoretical research

c
The times require teachers to educate students not to instill knowledge, but to develop abilities.The key measure of education quality is to transform the current test-oriented education into quality education as soon as possible.
Which of the following items may be assumed by the above discussion, except for?
A.Strong students must be based on more knowledge
B.Establishing a socialist market economy system should train students who can adapt to the requirements of the new era
C.Quality education focuses on instilling knowledge
D.The shortcomings of the current primary and secondary education in China is that taking exams as a baton

b
During the hunting season, the number of people injured by cars while walking on the sidewalk is twice as high as the number of people injured in hunting accidents in the woods.Therefore, it is safer for people to walk in the woods than on the sidewalks during the hunting season.
To evaluate the argument above, the most important thing is to know?
A.Number of people walking in the woods during the hunting season
B.Proportion of pedestrians and woods on the road during hunting season
C.Proportion of people injured during the hunting season while walking on the sidewalk
D.During the hunting season, both car drivers and hunters can be careful.Then the number of injured will decrease.

b
Judges work in court, these people work in court, so these people are judges.
which is most similar to the above reasoning method?
A.Animals are made up of cells, plants are made up of cells.Microbes are made up of cells, so all living things are made up of cells
B.Clocks have a certain structure and regularity; the world also has a certain structure and regularity; since clocks are made by people.The world must also be created by people
C.After a follow-up investigation of the liquid milk sold in the last 3 months, no returns or complaints were found due to quality problems.Therefore, it can be said that the quality of this batch of liquid milk is qualified
D.Neutrons are elementary particles, and neutrons are uncharged.So some particles are uncharged

d
Ecological balance refers to the relationship between organisms and the environment in the ecosystem, and the various populations of organisms, through energy flow, material circulation and information transmission, to achieve a highly adaptive, coordinated and unified state between them.Under a certain amount of disturbance, the ecosystem can recover to its original stable state through self-regulation, and once it exceeds, it will decline or even collapse.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following statements are incorrect: _____
A.The grassland should set a maximum suitable carrying capacity to ensure ecological balance
B.Pollutant emissions should be regulated according to the self-purification capacity of the environment
C.The food chain is a form of energy flow
D.The main cause of ecosystem decline is human pollution

b
Stockholm Syndrome refers to a mood in which a victim has emotions with the offender after being controlled by the offender for some time, and even helps the offender in turn.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following list does not belong to Stockholm Syndrome: _____
A.A bank employee was hijacked by a gangster for several days and was engaged to the gangster during his sentence after being rescued
B.A was discovered by owner B during theft.A threatened B with a knife and forced his bank card password.A was subdued by B.He learned that A was in urgent need of a large sum of money to treat his mother., Let go of Jia and give it a sum of money
C.A young girl was kidnapped for years, suffered ill-treatment, and fortunately fled but did not want to report the case, and has been in contact with the kidnappers.
D.Man A deceives O daughter into his hometown by using job hunting as a bait.O daughter fails to escape several times.After having a child, he lives at ease in the local area and assists Man A in engaging in trafficking

d
"Free-rider" means that some people need a certain public product, but declare in advance that they do not need it, and after others pay for it, they can enjoy the results without any effort.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not "free-riding" phenomena:
A.The lighthouse company will build a lighthouse
B.Government-sponsored street lights
C.Some households evade payment of community road maintenance costs
D.Multiple people rent a car to travel together

d
Biomass energy refers to the form of energy that solar energy stores in biomass in the form of chemical energy.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as biomass energy:
A.Using animal fat for speedboat fuel
B.Alcohol production from cellulose waste
C.Using animal waste to make fuel
D.Using solar collectors to generate electricity

d
The extinction of biological clusters refers to the abrupt death of a large number of organisms in a relatively short geological period and in more than one geographic area, resulting in a sudden and significant decline in the number of biological species in a short time.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are extinct of biological clusters:
A.On June 6, 1987, after the death of the last black puffin, this South American-specific finch songbird disappeared forever on earth.
B.Over the past 40 years, the number of native bird species in the UK has decreased by 54%, the number of native wild plants has decreased by 28%, and the number of native butterfly species has decreased by a staggering 71%
C.Studies have shown that more than 70% of the 163 tree species in the savannah region of central and western Brazil will become extinct
D.About 250 million years ago, at the end of the Permian, 96% of the species on the planet became extinct, of which 90% of marine life and 70% of terrestrial vertebrates became extinct.

b
Efforts to try to make others see themselves positively are gaining sexual impression management; while defensive measures to weaken as little as possible or avoid making others look at themselves negatively are protective impression management.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are protected impression management:
A.Xiao Fan always goes to the unit to clean the office half an hour before going to work.Colleagues think he is a hardworking person
B.Xiao Chen usually doesn't like talking, because he sometimes stutters
C.Xiao Wang is studying hard and earns the title of "Three Good Students"
D.Xiao Zhang is a little smart and likes to answer in class

d
Supply-induced demand means that suppliers use information that is superior to consumers, and give priority to their own interests, so as to promote consumers to buy more products and services.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not supply-induced demand:
A.A department store is a promotion.During the New Year's Day, first increase the price of a certain product, and then promote the product by "50 yuan over 200 yuan"
B.A supermarket salesperson allows customers to taste a foreign brand beverage for free, and claims that the beverage is the first choice for successful people in the country
When Ms.Lin went to a beauty shop for beauty with a free voucher, the beautician said that her whitening products worked well.She used it to make people 10 years younger.Ms.Lin subsequently ordered a year of beauty spending
D.Mr.Li consulted the salesman in detail in order to change the mobile phone to a certain electrical city, and bought a phone that he liked

c
Pareto optimality refers to such a state of society.For any one person, it is impossible for him to get better without deteriorating the condition of some other person (or some).
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not consistent with Pareto's optimal state conclusion:
A.In a Pareto-optimal society, only when someone is in a bad situation can someone be better off
B.If someone is getting better but others are not getting worse, it means that the society is not in a Pareto optimal state
C.For any person, as long as he makes others better, his situation may become better.Such a society is in a Pareto optimal state
D.For any person, as long as the condition of some other person (or some) is made better, his condition may be better.Such a society is in a Pareto optimal state

c
Industrial property rights refer to the intellectual property rights of creations, inventions, and distinctive marks used in production and circulation for a certain period and region.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are industrial property rights:
A.A foreign advanced production equipment recently purchased by an enterprise
B.The secret formula of beverages developed by a beverage company
C.A trousers brand created by a clothing manufacturer after years of hard work
D.Paper published by a scholar in a university journal

b
The greater the power of the incandescent lamp, the brighter the light.The power of a 100-watt incandescent lamp is higher than the power of a 15-watt incandescent lamp.
Which of the following are most similar to the above reasoning:
A.The more a person likes watching TV and reading books, the more myopia he has.Lao Zhang's lover loves watching TV more than he does.Therefore, Lao Zhang's lover has more myopia than his myopia.
B.The larger the area of a house, the higher his total price.The house of Lao Zhang is larger than the house of the same Lao.Therefore, the house of Lao Zhang is more expensive than the house of Lao Li.
C.The result of this year's long jump champion is better than the previous year's long jump champion.Zhang Hua is this year's long jump champion, so his long jump result this year is better than his previous year.
D.The higher the product quality and the more advertising investment, the greater the product demand.Company A invests more advertising costs than Company B.Therefore, the demand for Company A's products is greater than the demand for Company B.

d
In a certain year, telecommunications companies invested huge sums of money to improve network communication quality and network coverage.As a result, users increased by 20% in that year, but profits fell by 10%.
The most likely reasons are:
A.Total consumption of new users is low
B.Network package annual fee is greatly reduced
C.Management of the telecommunications company raised questions
D.Telecom companies invest too much in expanding network coverage

d
Two groups of students, one of them participated in the ancient Chinese training class, the other group did not participate.In the language test, the students who have participated in the ancient Chinese training class have a much higher average score than those who have not participated.To improve their grades in the language test, they must be allowed to participate in the ancient language training class.
Which of the following are the assumptions since the above argument:
A.Many students participated in the ancient writing training class
B.Students' parents should teach students something
C.The improvement of Chinese performance is not necessarily related to the participation in ancient Chinese training classes
D.Only by participating in ancient Chinese training can improve language performance

d
The new tablet is faster than the traditional tablet, and it has a new operating system installed, so the new tablet is selling better than the traditional tablet.
Which of the following can most weaken the above view:
A.Some tablet users use different environments than ordinary people
B.The most commonly used functions of traditional tablet PCs cannot be found in newer tablet PCs
C.The operating system of the new tablet is brand new
D.No matter what operating system the tablet uses, usage habits vary from person to person

d
In city A.electric bicycles on the one hand make it easier for residents to travel, and on the other hand they increase the pressure on urban traffic and create hidden dangers in traffic.There are two opinions on the release of "open" and "restricted" electric bicycles.
If the following items are true, they can only support one of the above, except:
A.City Party Committee facilitates public travel, and is currently improving the road traffic network
B.Many traffic accidents in city A were caused by electric bicycles occupying the road
C.Due to the convenience of electric bicycles, only the turnover of buses in city A is decreasing.
D.Electric bicycle manufacturers are major taxpayers in city A

d
According to medical theory, a person must have enough exercise to get healthy, but urban people often use vehicles such as cars to move without sufficient exercise.Therefore, this medical theory does not hold.
Which of the following are most likely the premise of the above argument:
A.Urban life is fast
B.Some city people pay attention to exercise for health
C.Travelling by transport is necessary for people in the city
D.People in the city cannot be unhealthy

c
For food security, a country has lowered its grain export tax rebate rate four times in the past year to curb food exports.However, the country's food exports are still increasing and it is highly competitive in international shopping malls.
If the above is true, the best support for this situation is:
A.Food is in short supply on the international market
B.The quality of the country's food enjoys a high reputation in the international market
C.Food prices in the country remain lower than in other countries after lowering tax rebates
D.Food production in the country is still increasing

c
The sales volume of a product last year was reduced by half compared to the previous year.A survey by the marketing department found that the biggest difference between last year and the previous year was that the price of the product increased by 20%.
Which of the following measures are most likely to effectively address the decline in merchandise sales:
A.Using multiple media to strengthen advertising
B.Add more functions to the product
C.According to the actual situation, seasonal floating price of commodity prices
D.Give the customer a small gift

a
A.B, and C are teachers.One of them is a university teacher, one is a middle school teacher, and one is a primary school teacher.The university teacher has a higher education level than A.The education level of B is different from that of the primary school teacher.C low.
From this we can infer:
A.A is a primary school teacher, B is a middle school teacher, and C is a university teacher
B.A is a middle school teacher, B is a primary school teacher, and C is a university teacher
C.A is a university teacher, B is a primary school teacher, and C is a middle school teacher
D.A is a university teacher, B is a middle school teacher, and C is a primary school teacher

c
Post-evaluation is to comprehensively evaluate and evaluate the project after the project is completed and put into operation or use, to learn lessons and improve the decision-making level of the project in order to improve investment efficiency.Its main purpose is to obtain experience, lessons and inspiration.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not in the scope of post-evaluation:
A.A government builds a railway with foreign loans.After the railway passes, in order to review and summarize the efficiency of capital use in the construction process, a consulting company is commissioned to conduct a financial analysis of the project.
B.The influence of the surrounding ecological environment during the construction of a hydropower station is taught.After the completion, the local government intends to conduct a retrospective evaluation of the ecological environment impact during the construction process.The main purpose of summarizing evaluations, learning from lessons learned, and improving and improving project decision-making levels to improve investment benefits is to gain experience, lessons and inspiration.
C.In order to improve the local environmental protection status, a county built a sewage treatment plant with the provincial financial funds.In order to monitor the use of project funds during construction, the provincial finance department regularly organized experts to audit the use of project funds.
D.Some safety accidents occurred during the construction of a building.Although no major casualties were caused, the person in charge of the construction unit intends to summarize the safety production situation during the construction process.

a
Cash equivalent refers to an investment held by an enterprise with a short term, strong liquidity, easy to convert into a known amount of cash, and a small risk of value changes.Although cash equivalents are not cash, the difference between their ability to pay and cash is not significant.For cash.
According to the above definition, which of the following is cash equivalents?
A.Company A purchases short-term bonds, which can be realized at any time when cash is needed
B.In order to purchase a house later, Lao Li saved 100,000 current deposit
C.Company B purchases tradable shares as a short-term investment, and the stock market is unstable
D.30,000 yuan time deposit used by enterprise C to purchase fixed assets

c
Teaching monitoring ability refers to the teacher's ability to ensure the success of teaching and achieve the expected goals.During the entire teaching process, he takes teaching activities as the object of consciousness, and continuously carries out active planning, inspection, evaluation, feedback, and control adjustments.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not the manifestations of teaching monitoring ability:
A.Introspection after class
B.Classroom control and adjustment
C.Talk to students
D.Planning and preparation before class

a
Statistical population refers to the aggregate composed of many individual things that exist objectively and have a certain common nature according to the requirements of statistical tasks.
According to the definition above, does the following description object belong to the population?
A.A factory randomly selects a certain percentage of products from the production line in order to check the quality of the products
B.Survey of the permanent residents of a community
C.All Chinese citizens in the sixth national census of 2010
D.All industrial enterprises in the city under investigation of the production of industrial enterprises in that city

c
Bidirectional conflict: Refers to two conflicting goals that are attractive to an individual, but due to conditional constraints, the individual can't take two actions at the same time.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are bidirectional conflicts:
A.There is chasing after, and encountering the river before
B.Whether to tell patients with cancer
C.You can't have both fish and bear's paw
D.Cherries are delicious and trees are hard to plant

c
At this Games, all athletes participating in the freestyle competition participated in the breaststroke competition.
Which of the following statements can be added to introduce "Some athletes participating in the butterfly stroke did not participate in the freestyle competition"?
A.All athletes participating in the butterfly stroke also participated in the breaststroke
B.Some athletes participating in the breaststroke competition participated in the butterfly stroke competition
C.Some athletes who did not participate in the breaststroke competition participated in the butterfly stroke
D.Some athletes who did not participate in the butterfly stroke did not participate in the breaststroke

d
Psychologists point out that when the child's requirements for independent activities are met or supported in some way, the child will show pride.Joy, self-esteem, pride, and other initial self-affirmative emotions and attitudes, otherwise negative emotions and attitudes will appear.Therefore, it is necessary to cherish the independence of the child, give encouragement and support, and continue to develop.
Based on the above theory, which of the following is unreasonable?
A.The 15-year-old son helped his father to wash his car and mow the lawn on the weekend, and received a baseball cap from his father
B.The 12-year-old daughter is responsible for making snacks for the whole family at a picnic, everyone is happy to taste
C.9-year-old son is responsible for cleaning the shoes of all family members in exchange for pocket money
D.6-year-old daughter tries to mop the floor, sprinkles water everywhere, and is forbidden by her mother

d
In 967, a scientist found a fossil belonging to the amphibian eclipse in Antarctica.Some people believe that this is evidence of intercontinental connection.From 1969 to 1971, it was found in the Early Triassic Framoff Formation in the Antarctica.A huge terrestrial biota (that is, the water dragon fauna) that lived more than 200 million years ago.This fauna has many species and large numbers.And more importantly, it is exactly the same as the total fauna of southern Africa.According to this, some people think that this proves the view of intercontinental connection.
If the following options are true, the most valid arguments are:
A.Antarctica is far from Africa and separated by the sea
B.Water dragon animal survivability strong reproduction fast
C.Antarctic climate conditions suitable for survival hundreds of millions of years ago
D.Water dragon animals are good at swimming and can cross the ocean

d
If Brazil protests to the United Nations or Chile calls for a plenary meeting of Latin American and Chinese nations, Argentina will mobilize its troops.
Based on this cannot be launched:
A.Argentina does not mobilize troops, so Brazil will not protest to the UN
B.Argentina does not mobilize troops, so Chile will not call for a plenary meeting of Latin American countries
C.If Brazil protests to the UN, Argentina will mobilize troops
D.Argentina will not mobilize troops if Brazil does not protest to the UN

d
All business managers are those who actively oppose corporate tax, because all those who actively oppose corporate tax are members of a chamber of commerce, and all members of a chamber of commerce are business managers.
Which of the following is most similar to the above reasoning method?
A.All worker leaders are politically conservative because all union leaders are political conservatives and all worker leaders are union chairs
B.All vehicles used for transportation are status symbols because all vehicles used for transportation are new cars and all new vehicles are status symbols
C.Some buildings with special scrap are not wooden houses, because no wooden houses are fire-resistant houses, and all fire-resistant houses are buildings with special premiums
D.All soldiers are astronauts because all astronauts are pilots and all pilots are soldiers

d
Dr.Francis H.Rauscher demonstrated the connection between music and learning experimentally in 1993.Appreciation of music can improve IQ and thus promote learning, a phenomenon known as the Mozak phenomenon.
Which of the following, if true, can weaken the above view?
A.The perseverance required to learn music is the personality traits required in any study
B.Music has a greater impact on a person's character than IQ
C.Music research experts are no better than experts in other fields
D.The short-term improvement in IQ after listening to Mozart's work did not last until the end of the experiment

a
A certain unit must select talents to go to work in the countryside.Qualified candidates are put forward their own requirements by Personnel Department, Personnel Department, Organization Department, and Office: Personnel Department: C and D.Only one person can go.Organization Department: If Ding doesn't go, then E can't go.Office: A.C and Ji must leave one.
It can be introduced from this that the dispatch plan that can meet the requirements of the three departments at the same time is:
A.A.B, self
B.A.B, C, Ji
C.B, C, E
D.B, C, D, E

a
Studies have shown that watching TV has a negative impact on the intellectual development of children, especially infants and young children.Researchers have therefore warned parents to avoid letting children under 2 watch TV because premature watching TV may hinder the intellectual development of young children.
Which of the following, if true, would support this view?
A.1 ~ 2 years is an important period for children's cognitive forms
B.Colorful colors on TV can affect young children's vision
C.Premature exposure to television reduces expression, movement, and verbal interaction between children and parents
D.Toddlers watching too much TV will reduce their observation and touch of the real environment

c
Parents of students in a certain school: Now the students are under too much pressure to do their homework until 10 o'clock in the evening, there is no childhood happiness! Teachers of the school: The school itself did not give the children too much pressure and assigned little homework.Parents reported too many tutoring classes to the children, which led to the late completion of various homework.Children did not have time to play, so there was no Happy childhood.
Which of the following, if true, would most likely challenge the school's explanation?
A.The school does not have much student work compared to other schools
B.The school teacher feels that the assignment is less, but the students still feel a lot
C.Although the teacher did not assign much written assignments, the requirements of the assignments required students to apply for class tuition
D.Stressful students are a common social problem, and not solved by teachers in the school

b
A development zone development committee held a special round table meeting on environmental work.The meeting was attended by the committee director and deputy director, and the directors and deputy directors of the environmental protection bureau, industrial bureau and agricultural bureau of the development zone to which the commission belongs.At the round table of the conference, there was only one seat for the main and deputy posts of the same department.And: (1) the person opposite the deputy director of the committee was a director sitting to the left of the director of the Environmental Protection Agency; The person to the left of the director is a deputy director sitting opposite the director of the agricultural bureau; (3) The person to the right of the director of the agricultural bureau is a deputy director who sits in the second position to the left of the director of the commission opposite.
Then the seat must be cut apart:
A.Director and Deputy Director of the Environmental Protection Agency
B.Director and Deputy Director of Industry Bureau
C.Director and Deputy Director of the Bureau of Agriculture
D.Director and Deputy Director of the Committee

d
The scientific name of the "black box" is "aviation flight recorder".The reason why it is called "black box" is not because it is black, but because it can help crack the secrets of flight accidents.The black box contains a flight data recorder and Two sets of gun sound recorders can record the relevant technical parameters and the sound in the cockpit half an hour before the aircraft stops working or crashes the flight.When necessary, it can release the recorded parameters for flight test and Used for accident analysis.
According to the above definition, Which of the following devices belong to the "black box":
A.A black box on the aircraft is activated at the same time as the accident and records related information
B.Some kind of black device on the train can automatically record the relevant information of the train operation
C.A red device in a civil aircraft, where information can be input individually, but cannot be interpreted or output
D.An orange-red device on the fighter, which can record related flight data and can analyze and restore

a
Illusion is a visual error.When people observe an object, because the object is subject to shape, light, and color interference, plus people's physical and psychological reasons, misunderstanding the object image will produce a judgment that is inconsistent with reality.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are not illusions:
A.A mother who suddenly lost her son sometimes feels like seeing her son
B.When sitting on a moving train and looking at the trees outside the window, I think the trees are moving
C.People who are overweight will look slimmer in vertical stripes
D.Cup Bow Snake Shadow

b
A serious safety accident occurred in a certain coal mine.Regarding the cause of the accident, the four responsible persons of A.B, C, and D concluded that: A: If the direct cause of the accident was equipment failure, then someone must have violated the operating rules.B: Someone did violate the operating regulations, but the direct cause of the accident was not a failure of the equipment.C: The direct cause of the accident was indeed a failure of the device, but no one violated the operation.D: The direct cause of the accident was the failure of the equipment.
If only one of the above assertions is true, which of the following assertions is true?
A.A's assertion is true, someone violated the operating rules
B.A's assertion is true, but no one violates the operating procedures
C.B's assertion is true
D.C's assertion is true

c
There are three people in a dormitory.One was born in Beijing, the other was born in Shanghai, and the other was born in Guangzhou.The majors they studied were finance, management, and foreign languages.Known: ① B is not learning a foreign language ② B is not born in Guangzhou ③ C is not born in Beijing ④ is not born to study finance in Shanghai ⑤ is born in Beijing to learn a foreign language
According to the above conditions, what majors can be introduced?
A.Finance
B.Management
C.Foreign language
D.Can't push

b
In 980, the age was between 18 and 24, and the proportion of people living with their parents accounted for 48% of the population in that age group, and by 1986, the proportion rose to 53%.It can be said that in 1986, this It is even more difficult for people of one age to live independently.
Which of the following assumptions is based on the above conclusions? ?
A.People who cannot support themselves at this age are more likely to live with their peers than their parents
B.Some people in this age group, as long as they can live independently, choose to be independent rather than living with their parents.
C.People living with their parents in this age group do not share the cost of housing
D.Compared with 1986, 1980 has a more suitable social environment for young people to start their own businesses.

c
Recently, a health care hospital conducted a weight loss test for a period of 1 week.Participants lost an average of 9 kg.Male participants lost an average of 13 kg and female participants lost an average of 7 kg.Doctors attributed the difference in weight loss between men and women to weight loss before weight loss for men.Participants are heavy.
Which of the following conclusions can be drawn from the above?
A.Female participants weigh less than male participants before losing weight
B.All participants lost weight
C.More female participants than male participants
D.Male participants are lighter than female participants after losing weight

d
A home appliance company has three factories A.B and C.Factory A is good at producing refrigerators, washing machines and microwave ovens; Factory B is good at producing washing machines, air conditioners and disinfection cabinets; Factory C is good at producing air conditioners and disinfection cabinets.The survey found that if two companies produce the same products, on the one hand, the scale is not economical, on the other hand, there will be vicious internal competition, and there are problems in manpower and equipment for the production of three products in one factory.The leaders of the company called the leaders of the three factories to coordinate their products and made satisfactory decisions.
Which of the following is most likely the product selection plan for these plants?
A.Factory A produces refrigerators and disinfection cabinets, and Factory B produces only washing machines
B.Factory A produces refrigerators and washing machines, and Factory B produces air conditioners and disinfection cabinets.
C.Factory B produces washing machines and disinfection cabinets, Factory C produces air conditioners and microwave ovens
D.Factory B only produces washing machines, and Factory C produces air conditioners and disinfection cabinets.

a
Southern Airlines implements a 40% discount on new teacher tickets.This is actually a business strategy to attract passengers.The airline did not actually profit, because when the full capacity of a flight exceeds 90% on a certain day, the discount on that day will be suspended.Low-price tickets, and even at peak times, flight occupancy rates rarely exceed 90%, with seats available, why not promote at a discounted price?
Which of the following, if true, would most effectively weaken the above argument?
A.Most teachers and passengers do not choose Southern Airlines flights because of discounted fares
B.The average full capacity of the airline's flights throughout the year is 50%
C.Implementing teacher discounted fares is a way of showing respect for the profession of teachers and should not be evaluated from a utilitarian perspective
D.When the company implements discounted fares for teachers, it implements seasonal price adjustments

d
A researcher wants to know whether people in his community like Coca-Cola or Pepsi.He found someone who likes Coca-Cola and asked them to indicate their preferences by tasting in a glass of Coca-Cola and a glass of Pepsi.There is no label on the cup to avoid trademark Triggered a clear prejudice, so marked "1" on Pepsi, and marked "2" on Coca-Cola cups.The results show that more than half of the people prefer Pepsi-Cola over Coca-Cola.
Which of the following, if true, is most likely to weaken the conclusions of the above argument?
A.Participants received certain hints and felt that their answers would be taken seriously
B.Many of the participants in the experiment have never drank both colas at the same time, and even 30% of the participants have only drank one of the colas
C.Most participants are aware of the market share of Coca-Cola and Pepsi, and research shows that they generally have a sympathy for the weak
D.In another controlled experiment with participants, an interesting result was found: most of these experimenters prefer the number l over the number 2

b
All leaders who care about the personal development of employees are proven to be well-managed leaders; leaders who really care about the personal development of employees first focus on their employees 'career development.Therefore, those who do not first focus on their employees' career development.Leaders who care about employees' career development are not leaders who manage well.
In order for the above argument to be true, which of the following must be true?
A.The career development of employees is the most prominent problem in the personal development of employees
B.All management-led leaders are leaders who care about the personal development of employees
C.In recent years, employees generally care more about their personal development
D.All leaders who first focus on the career development of employees are leaders who manage well

c
Facts have shown that there is no reason to be afraid of flying.In 1986 alone, highway accidents killed 46,000 people, and from l990 to the present, the average annual death rate of large domestic airlines is only 77, and local aviation The company's accident mortality rate is also slightly higher.
If the above statement is accurate, knowing which of the following is most important in evaluating the persuasiveness of the argument?
A.Does the experience of flying multiple times reduce the fear of flying?
B.How many people report that their fear of flying is so strong that they cannot fly
C.How many people traveled by highway and by air since 1980
D.How much more accidental rates have been experienced by local airlines than by large domestic airlines since 1980

a
During a donation to the snow-stricken area in the south, a charitable organization received an anonymous donation of 10,000 yuan.After investigation, the organization found that it was donated by one of four people: A.B, C, and D.Charity organization members When verifying them, they found that their statements contradicted each other.A said: I'm sorry, this money was not donated by me.B said: I guess this money must be donated by D.C said: B's highest income is definitely donated by B Ding said: B's statement has no basis.
Assuming that only one of the four people has spoken the truth, who is the real donor?
A former
B B
C C
D Ding

a
One report said: Those who believe that the zoo's safety management measures are well-equipped should be sober in the face of the following news reports.Yesterday, a man fell into Monkey Mountain.Fortunately, the management staff arrived in time to disperse the monkey group and remove A man was rushed to the hospital for rescue without serious consequences, so the zoo's security measures should be further improved.
Which of the following is most effective in refuting the above-mentioned report?
A reportedly renamed man to be suicidally depressed
The fall of Man B into Monkey Mountain was an extremely accidental event, and the zoo has not had such an event for ten years
C The zoo has established an emergency response system, and managers have the ability to respond quickly
D The zoo's security measures have passed the acceptance of the relevant departments and are still in a safe state

d
Some scholars have investigated and researched some successful female secretaries, and they show that female secretaries have strong modern consciousness and keen modern vision, and they have proficient public relations skills.It is precisely because of their two major advantages that make them on the social stage.Playing a well-deserved important role, they have extremely outstanding performance in resolving contradictions and eliminating difficulties.Based on this, scholars have concluded that leaders use female secretaries better than male secretaries.
Which of the following would weaken the above argument most?
A female secretary also has some obvious disadvantages
B Individual findings do not lead to general theory
C-qualified secretary not only has strong modern consciousness and skilled PR skills, but also some more important qualities
D According to a survey, male secretaries also have strong modern awareness and adept public relations skills.

a
Relevant statistical results show that in terms of the incidence of coronary heart disease, developed countries are nearly three times the number of developing countries.Some people think that this is due to the high fat, high protein, and high calorie food intake of people in developed countries.Few people in developing countries have the conditions to have this kind of "rich and precious disease".In fact, this view is difficult to establish.It ignores the fact that the average life expectancy in developed countries is higher than 70 years, while developing countries have Under 50.
Which of the following best strengthens the rebuttal?
A statistics show that coronary heart disease is relatively concentrated in the middle-aged and elderly stages, that is, over 50 years old
B Generally speaking, the longer a person lives, the higher the probability of having a certain disease in his lifetime.
C.Relative to developing countries, people in developed countries have higher common sense and better medical conditions for preventing and treating coronary heart disease.
D.The intake of high-fat, high-protein, and high-calorie foods by people in developing countries, both in total and per capita, is increasing year by year.

a
Since last year, real estate prices in many major cities across the country, including Guangzhou, have increased in varying degrees, and some cities have even reached recent highs.This is also a rise in real estate prices since the country introduced a series of regulatory measures last year.In this context, some people have argued that the macro-control measures introduced by the state last year did not achieve the expected results.
Which of the following can best refute the above conclusions?
AIf the country does not introduce a series of macro-control measures, real estate prices may rise even higher
The impact of the regulatory measures introduced by country B last year on housing prices requires a process, and it is impossible to achieve immediate results
C According to the recent survey of real estate supply and demand by relevant departments, how much real estate supply has fallen in the first half of this year
Country D is already open to real estate prices.Since real estate prices are mainly affected by market supply and demand, it is impossible for macroeconomic regulation to introduce nationally prescribed prices.

d
In recent decades, people have invented a variety of drugs to poison mice.However, it has been found that the method of placing mouse medicine in places where rats often go in and out is becoming less and less effective.Among such delicious foods for mice, mice will ignore these "delicious" foods.
According to this phenomenon, the possible explanation is that the mice's sense of smell is extremely sensitive, and they can discern substances harmful to them from any complex odor.Which of the following is the strongest indication that the last explanation above is wrong? ?
A mouse rarely goes to places where mouse pills have been placed
B mouse samples any food and tastes for toxic substances before eating
C scientists have passed a series of tests to prove that some mice have developed resistance to some drugs
D Place the food without any medicine in the place where the medicine was previously placed, and the mouse will not move the food

c
In recent years, in order to avoid the occurrence of coal mine safety accidents, many coal mines have increased their emphasis on safety in production.Public information shows that before 2000, the number of deaths in coal mines in China increased by tens of thousands each year.From 2000, the number of accident deaths each year Began to control below 7,000 people, the accident death toll was 6,434 in 2003; 6,027 people were killed in 2004; 5,986 people were killed in 2005; a total of 4,746 fatal accidents occurred in coal mines nationwide in 2006.Therefore we have concluded that as long as coal mines are safe Paying enough attention to production can effectively curb the occurrence of mining accidents.
Which of the following would weaken the above conclusion most?
A In recent years, coal mine owners have not really implemented management measures such as the construction of safe production facilities, capital investment, publicity and education.
B In recent years, coal mine safety has caused great attention from relevant departments, and the state's investment in safe production has been increasing.
CIn recent years, the country has forcibly closed a large number of illegal small coal mines without security guarantees.
D In recent years, some coal mines with good geological conditions and high safety have started construction

b
According to a recent survey, in recent years, among the high-income (referring to legal income of 120,000 or more) annual income of foreign enterprises in cities, foreign returnees (referred to as "returnees") account for 60%, which fully explains Those who graduated from college (referred to as "natives") are extremely difficult to obtain high salaries in foreign enterprises in the city.
Which of the following, if true, would best strengthen the above conclusion?
A.Among the foreign-funded enterprises in the city, the number of "local" is 40%
B.Over 50% of the "foreign" in the city's foreign companies
C.Among the employed people in the city, the "returnees" are only 10% of the "natives"
D In the city's employment population, the ratio of returnees to natives is about 6: 4

b
Among the representatives of a symposium on public opinion representatives for traffic regulation, one was from Heilongjiang, two were northerners, one was Cantonese, two were only responsible for passenger transportation, and three were only engaged in cargo transportation.
If the above introduction involved all the representatives of the symposium, who will participate in the symposium?
A.The minimum may be 3 and the maximum may be 8
B.The minimum may be 5 people, and the maximum may be 8 people
C.The minimum may be 5 people, and the maximum may be 9 people
D.The minimum may be 3 people, and the maximum may be 9 people

c
People A.B, and C.Their occupations include lawyers, doctors, and teachers.It is known that: 1.C's income is higher than teachers; 2.A's income is different from doctors; 3.Doctors' income is less than B.
Can it be launched?
A.A is a lawyer B is a teacher C is a doctor
B.A is a teacher B is a doctor C is a lawyer
C.A is a teacher B is a lawyer C is a doctor
D.A lawyer, a lawyer, a doctor, and a teacher

c
When a local government stipulates that the local minimum wage standard is not less than 800 yuan per month.Some people think that the minimum wage standard of 800 yuan is easy to achieve, but the labor department believes that although the minimum wage standard of 800 yuan is not too high, it is enforced.It's not so easy to get up, so this view of meeting the standard is wrong.
If the labor department's comment is true, which of the following must be true?
A.The salary of most enterprise employees can reach more than 800 yuan, and a few are under 800 yuan.
B.Some workers' wages are above 800 yuan, and some are below 800 yuan.
C.Certain workers' wages are less than the minimum wage of 800 yuan
D.Workers in most enterprises do not meet the minimum wage of 800 yuan

a
Patients often do not understand that even small problems are required to be examined at the time of the doctor's visit, which leads to excessive costs.In fact, if the doctor does not conduct a detailed examination of the patient, some serious problems may be missed and it is difficult for the doctor Determine exactly how meticulous they should be, so it's generally not wise for patients to get medical examinations when they feel free of illness.
Which of the following most severely weakened the above argument?
A.In the early stages of some important diseases, although the patient does not feel unwell, the doctor can observe the symptoms with the help of the instrument
B.Doctors have been reducing their time for medical examinations with reduced income
C.Patients lacking medical expertise cannot judge to what degree of meticulousness it is appropriate for a doctor to perform an examination
D.Experienced doctors can be meticulous and accurate when doing medical examinations

d
A.B, and C.Their occupations include lawyers, doctors, and teachers.Known: (1) C's income is higher than teachers; (2) A's income is different from doctors; (3) Doctors' income ratio B less.
Can this be launched?
A.is a lawyer B is a teacher C is a doctor
B.A is a teacher B is a doctor C is a lawyer
C.A is a teacher B is a lawyer C is a doctor
D.A is a lawyer B is a doctor C is a teacher

c
A local government has stipulated that the minimum wage standard in the region is no less than 800 yuan per month.Some people think that the minimum wage standard of 800 yuan is easy to reach, but the labor department believes that the minimum wage standard of 800 yuan is not too high However, it is not so easy to implement, so this view of meeting the standard is wrong.
If the labor department's comment is true, which of the following must be true?
A.The salary of most enterprise employees can reach more than 800 yuan, and a few are under 800 yuan.
B.Some workers' wages are above 800 yuan, and some are below 800 yuan.
C.Certain workers have wages below the minimum wage of 800 yuan.
D.Workers in most enterprises do not meet the minimum wage of 800 yuan

b
A province held a "civilized city" competition.Four judges analyzed and predicted the possibility of A.B, C and other 3 cities being awarded the title of "civilized city".Judge A said: "Either city A can get it, or city C can get it."Judge B said: "If city A and city C can get it, city B can get it too."Judge C said, "City A cannot be obtained only if city B is not available or city C is available."Judge Ding said, "I think the probability that city B can get is zero, and city A and city C will definitely get it."After the evaluation, it was found that only one of the four judges predicted that it would be established.
Based on this, you can launch a city that can get the title of "civilized city"?
A.A city
B.B city C.
C.city
D.A.B, C, etc.3 cities

a
80.Patients often do not understand that even a small problem is required to do a lot of tests when they see a doctor, which leads to excessive costs.In fact, if the doctor does not conduct a detailed examination of the patient, it may miss some serious problems It is difficult to determine exactly how meticulous they should be, so it is generally unwise for patients to get medical examinations when they feel free of illness.
Which of the following most severely weakened the above argument?
A.In the early stages of some important diseases, although the patient does not feel unwell, the doctor can observe the symptoms with the help of the instrument
B.Doctors have been reducing their time for medical examinations with reduced income
C.Patients lacking medical expertise cannot judge to what degree of meticulousness it is appropriate for the doctor to perform the examination
D.Experienced doctors can be meticulous and accurate when doing medical examinations

d
81.Economists believe that the government's regulation of energy use is redundant, and the market can completely adjust the contradiction between energy supply and demand.If energy is really tight, then reflected in the market, energy prices will naturally rise, and energy prices will rise.On the one hand, people will reduce their use of energy because of increased use costs, and on the other hand, energy suppliers increase their supply because of increased profits.
Which of the following, if true, is a powerful way to challenge the above argument? ?
A.When energy prices rise, people will use more energy-efficient products
B.People will protest the government's inaction in energy management due to the unbearable increase in the cost of living caused by rising energy prices
C lower energy prices will stimulate people to use more energy
D.Inelastic demand for energy

a
82.The researchers used genetic manipulation to enable the experimental mice to metabolize glucose and fatty acids, but not acetic acid, and then compared these experimental mice with normal experimental mice when they were fed with food and fasted for 48 hours.It was found that the body temperature and endurance of experimental mice that could not metabolize acetic acid were significantly reduced under the condition of being forced to fast for a long time.Acetic acid is the basic substance in life, and the body structure of experimental mice is very close to the human body.
Introduced from this?
A.Acetic acid plays a vital role in maintaining the body's energy supply
B.Acetic acid can be used as an energy source that does not raise blood sugar
C metabolism adenosine triphosphate is the energy source of life activities
D.Fatty acids and ketone bodies are the main sources of ATP during prolonged exercise

c
83.In recent years, the construction of sewage treatment plants has been heating up in order to treat urban sewage.The large-scale implementation of sewage treatment plants can indeed reduce the COD reduction of urban domestic sewage in a short period of time.However, some local urban sewage has passed fish ponds.And the ecological purification of natural wetlands, the COD concentration can also be greatly reduced.
Introduced from this?
A.A single centralized governance model does not conform to the laws of environmental protection itself
B.Pollution is at the cost of energy and money
C.Measures to reduce emissions should be adapted to local conditions, combining multiple methods
D.For the purpose of pollution control, energy conservation and emission reduction cannot be combined.

b
84.H's transportation management department said that compared with last year, the road traffic in the city's urban area has improved significantly this year.The person in charge of this department believes that this is due to the city's employment of a large number of transportation assistants.
Which of the following will not weaken the conclusion of the person in charge?
A.Earlier this year, a special meeting was held in H city to carefully study and sort out traffic problems.
B.Many experts believe that hiring a large number of transport coordinators is costly
C.At the beginning of this year, the new construction and expansion of the roads in the urban area of H City has just ended.
D.This year, city H has imposed strict restrictions on vehicles entering the urban area.Many large trucks and foreign vehicles cannot enter the urban area during the "peak" period of traffic.

c
85.When taking a polygraph test, as long as you take a small amount of some commonly used sedatives, you can make people undetected when lying, because the psychological stress response measured by the polygraph can be suppressed by drugs without producing significant As a result, this medicine can also be effective in reducing psychological stress in daily life.
which is the premise of this paragraph?
A.Sedatives are effective in treating psychological stress
B.Inhibition of psychological stress response increases subjective psychological stress
C.The psychological stress measured by the polygraph is similar to that of daily life
D.People who lie during a polygraph test often show signs of psychological stress

d
76.In order to protect the lawful rights and interests of migrant workers, the labor department of Area A "tailored" migrant workers' rights protection cards for migrant workers, and compiled the rights and obligations of workers, labor dispute resolution steps, and consultation telephones.The card is issued to migrant workers during the Spring Festival.Once the legitimate rights and interests of migrant workers are violated, the migrant workers' rights protection card can be used to efficiently and conveniently appeal to the labor department where the migrant workers are located.
Which one of the following is most conducive to the effectiveness of the workers' rights protection card?
A.Similar initiatives in the labour sector of B have been successful
B.This initiative has received strong support from the leaders of the labor department in Area A
C.The labor department in the first place has a long-term cooperative relationship with the labor department where the workers are located.
D.The labor department where the migrant worker is located provides a full range of services for migrant workers who hold a migrant rights card for free

b
78.Recently, there is a view in the Western public opinion that China's rapid economic development has not only polluted the global environment, but has also caused a surge in oil and other energy prices in the world.
Which of the following can most refute the opinions of Western public opinion?
A.OPEC's oil production has been declining in recent years
B.China's economy is still developing rapidly last year, but the price of energy such as oil is lower than in previous years
C The production and lifestyle of western developed countries has caused the soaring prices of oil and other energy in the world.
D.The rapid development of the automobile industry and the popularity of automobiles have caused the price of oil and other energy to skyrocket in the world.

c
79.Many people are opposed to the incineration of garbage.They believe that incineration of garbage will pollute the environment.An environmental expert said in an interview with the media: "Waste incineration produces harmful gases, but the harm is much less than the pollution itself.The introduction of international advanced technology, the pollution emissions from waste incineration can meet the relevant national standards, will not cause much impact on the environment, and is acceptable."
Which of the following best refutes this expert's point of view?
A.Waste incineration not only pollutes the environment of the incineration site, but also the surrounding environment
B.No mature waste incineration technology currently exists
C Waste incineration is more harmful to the environment than the waste itself
D.Even if the waste incineration pollution that meets the national standards, if it persists for a long time, it will still cause greater pollution to the environment

b
80.According to surveys, more than 90% of drivers who have lost their cars in a certain place have not installed a car satellite navigation system.This shows that car satellite navigation systems can effectively prevent drivers from getting lost.
Which of the following can weaken the above argument most?
A.Many old drivers do not have in-vehicle satellite navigation systems and rarely get lost
B.The use effect of the car satellite navigation system is not ideal, and it has little effect on preventing getting lost.
COnly less than 10% of the local cars have a car satellite navigation system installed
D.Drivers with in-vehicle satellite navigation systems, more than 90% often use them

d
81.In order to encourage children to get good grades in school, many parents educate their children like this: "In school, you always use academic achievements to judge the pros and cons.You either have good grades or poor grades.In the teacher's eyes, you are either good Students are either poor students.Since all students with good academic performance are good students in the teacher's eyes, every student with poor academic performance is a poor student in the teacher's eyes."
In order for the parent's argument to be valid, which of the following assumptions must be true?
A.At school, academic performance is not the only indicator of student strength
B.Teachers have the ability to distinguish between good and bad students
C In the eyes of the teacher, students with good academic performance may not be good students
D.In the eyes of the teacher, a good student is a good student

d
83.If the drought continues in the orange flowering season, the orange output will be affected, and a drought situation will occur in a certain place during the orange flowering season this year, so some people worry that the price of oranges will rise, which will increase the production cost of the orange juice beverage plant in the area.
Which of the following can weaken the above argument most?
A.The price of orange juice drinks is the lowest this year
B.Drought conditions in the area are not expected to be severe
C.The area of oranges has been expanded this year.
D.The raw material supply of the orange juice beverage factory in the area mostly comes from other places

b
84.The quality inspection department tested 32-inch flat-screen TVs of five different brands of ABCDE and found that: A's power consumption is lower than B, B's power consumption is not higher than C, D's power consumption is not lower than E, Power consumption is not as low as B, and the power consumption of the two brands of TVs is the same.
Which of the following statements must be inconsistent with the above facts?
A.B and C consume the same power
B.A and C consume the same power
CA consumes less power than D
D.E consumes less power than C

b
85.Physicist Hawking believes: "The danger of life on the planet being destroyed by a certain disaster is increasing at an unprecedented rate, such as sudden global warming, nuclear war, genetic viruses or other dangers." Hawking based on this view More and more unsuitable for human habitation, and put forward the view of "space immigrants".
Which of the following questions best question Hawking's point of view?
A.Most planetary environments are not suitable for human survival
B.The dangers facing humanity can be solved through the joint efforts of human beings
C Earth is in its infancy at the age of its life
D.The habitable surface area of the earth is too small to withstand devastating disasters

b
56.Unfair competition: refers to the behavior of the operator in violation of the provisions of the Anti-Unfair Competition Act, damaging the legitimate rights and interests of other operators, and disrupting the social and economic order.The so-called operator refers to a legal person engaged in commodity business or profit-making services .
According to the above definitions, which of the following is unfair competition?
A.Inferior wine produced by an underground factory is sold under the brand name brand
B.A factory adopts advanced technology, lowers costs and lowers prices to occupy a favorable market position
C uses spies to steal peers' trade secrets in order to prepare a competitive strategy first
D.Microsoft sells its browser bundled with the Windows operating system

b
57.Company limited by shares: refers to a group of shareholders with a certain number or more, whose entire capital is divided into equal shares, and shareholders only bear limited liability to the company for the shares they recognize, that is, the amount of capital invested, and the company uses all its assets to the company's debts The company responsible.
Which of the following is a joint stock company?
A.Company A and Company B had a field of unattended care, and the two companies negotiated for one year each.
B.Company A was reorganized and the entire capital was divided into 50,000 shares, which were subscribed by employees and renamed to "XX Corporation"
C.The research institute under the former Ministry of Electronics was restructured to set up a state-controlled research and development center
D.Xiao Zhang, Xiao Wang and others in the village set up a village elementary school

d
58.Market positioning: It is based on the position of competitors' existing products in the market, focusing on the degree to which consumers or users attach importance to certain features or attributes of such products, and strongly shaping the uniqueness of the company's products., Give a vivid personality or image, and vividly convey this image to customers, so that the product determines the appropriate position in the market.Market positioning is to shape the position of a product in the market, this position depends on It depends on how consumers or users recognize this product.
According to the above definition, which of the following situations does not belong to market positioning? ?
A.Advertising by The Coca-Cola Company with the characteristics of its world beverage market leader
B.A store specializes in selling low-priced products during the marketing process
C A clothing factory specializing in the production of elderly clothing
D.A restaurant is booming.The restaurant sells breakfast early, but also sells dinner at noon and evening.It has both cheap products and high-end meals.

d
59.The job incentive law means that if there is a talent that possesses both merits and talents, can manage, make good use of people, and can open up a new situation in a department, then we should grasp the actual needs, promote strengths and avoid weaknesses, and promptly promote reuse so as not to hit.Maxima "initiative.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is job incentive laws?
A.At the corporate tackling stage, the top leaders lead the ranks and lead by example, leading a group of technical backbones to overcome difficulties
B.Leader A has a favorable opinion of his unit's employee B, and promotes him as the unit supervisor.
C The leader of a certain unit was very dissatisfied with the living habits of C, who was a "meritorious leader," so he transferred him to another department to do work outside his specialty.
D.Ding worked in the network department of a unit and showed superman management skills in an ordinary job, and was immediately promoted to office director

a
60.Payment order: It is a urging procedure applied by the people's court.According to the application of the creditor, the debtor is ordered to give the creditor a certain amount of money or securities.Only when no objection or payment is made within the legal period is enforced.
According to the above definition, which of the following is payment orders?
A.The court shall, upon the application of the Power Supply Bureau, issue an order to the unit in arrears of electricity bills, and shall pay the full electricity bill within 15 days.
B.The court makes a judgment and the defendant pays the plaintiff 50,000 yuan for mental damages
Court C demands full costs from the defendant
D.The court sentenced the defendant to 10 years in prison

b
61.Tendering: It is the bidder's public bidding for bidding competition without going through the general transaction negotiation procedure before buying or selling bulk commodities, contracting a construction project, or cooperating in a certain business.Finally, the bidder selects the transaction object to contract Way of trading.
Which of the following transaction methods is a tender?
A.The county government issues a notice to build a second-level highway, soliciting bids from units with a second-level qualification or higher
B.U.S.rewards $ 5 million for live bin Laden
C Huatong Company's listed stocks are thrown at ten yuan price
D.Uncle Li's villa wants to be sold, it is priced at 900,000, and declares that it can be negotiated

b
62.Subject matter of litigation: refers to a civil legal relationship or right that is disputed by the parties and requires the people's court to resolve it through trial.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is subject matter?
A.A 1,000 yuan loan between the original and the defendant
B.The reputation between the defendants was harmed by defamation
Relationship between the prosecution and the prosecution between the original defendants
D.The robbery between the plaintiff and the defendant, and the victim relationship

c
63.Invalid civil acts: refer to civil acts that are not legally binding from the beginning.Which of the following civil acts are invalid: (1) performed by a person who has no capacity for civil conduct; (2) a person who has limited capacity for civil conduct cannot Independently implemented; (3) One party used fraud, coercion or the danger of others to cause the other party to act against their true will; (4) malicious collusion that harmed the interests of the state, the collective, or a third party; (5) Violating the law or the public interest; (6) Covering illegal purposes in legal forms.
According to the above definition, which of the following is invalid civil acts?
A.Xiao Wang returned to his hometown after graduation to build his hometown.During the new village committee election, he solemnly exercised his right to vote and be elected, and was elected as the village head
B.Li Laohan is 85 years old.He was admitted to the hospital because of a heart attack a few days ago.He had three sons.He was afraid that they would have conflicts after his death.So he made a will: all his property was divided equally between the three sons.
The three girls in a middle school in C have good musical talents, and their bands often win awards in various inter-school competitions.A record company verbally pays high fees and engages them with their parents without the consent of their parents.Signed and suspended school
D.A citizen who has lived with his wife for five years finds out that they can no longer continue to live, so they file a divorce with the court

c
64.Market effect: refers to the conditions achieved by an industry in terms of price, industry, cost, profit, product quality and variety, and technological progress under a certain market structure.
Which of the following does not belong to the test market effect?
A.Is the profit of the industry reasonable?
B.Is the expansion of industrial production capacity compatible with the growth of market demand?
C Consumers' personal taste
D.Is there any waste in sales expenses and product modifications?

a
65.Neuropathy: Organic and functional disorders of the nervous system (brain, spinal cord central and peripheral nerves) and their ancillary structures (meninges, cerebrovascular, muscles, etc.).
According to the above definitions, which of the following diseases is neuropathy?
A.Neurasthenia
B.Leukemia
C virus influenza
D.Liver cancer

a
In a village general election, four candidates (Zhang Laohan, Tian Laohan, Xiao Li, and Xiao Wang) received votes: Zhang Laohan had more votes than Tian Laohan, Tian Laohan had more votes than Xiao Li, Xiaowang There are no tickets for Zhang Laohan.
Who got the most votes?
A.Zhang Laohan
B.Tian Laohan
C Xiaoli
D.Xiao Wang

a
A training course on agricultural planting technology was held in a certain place, and well-known experts were invited to give free lectures to farmers.However, on the day when the classes began, no farmers came to the lecture.
Which of the following helps explain the above phenomenon?
A.The training class is in the busy season of farmers, farmers have not practiced to attend classes
B.Some farmers like to learn agricultural technology from their village elders
C Some farmers like to learn agricultural technology through TV science programs
D.Some farmers like to learn agricultural technology through radio broadcasting

b
A village has a total of 800 acres of land and is distributed to 500 farmers on average.
How many land each farmer can get?
A.1.2
B.1.6
C.2
D.4

a
When harvesting a paddy field, it takes 3 days for the husband to harvest alone, 6 days for the wife to harvest alone, and 2 days for the husband and wife to harvest.
How many days does it take?
A.2
B.3
C.6
D.9

c
A township office purchased a batch of ballpoint pens, which were evenly distributed to 5 staff members, each of whom was given 3 and the remaining 3 were left.
which is  the total number of ballpoint pens?
A.13
B.15
C.18
D.21

c
Farmer Xiao Li sells fruits, apples, pears, oranges, and peaches in a box at the farmers' market: three boxes of apples, pears, and oranges, with an average of 51 boxes; pears, oranges, and peaches with three boxes, average There are 47 boxes per box; two boxes of apples and peaches, with an average of 43 boxes.
which is the total number of apples?
A.41
B.45
C.49
D.53

a
Consumers claim that the fake eggs bought in the market are identified as expired eggs, hatched eggs and other real eggs, not chemical synthetic products.Experts believe that according to the current technical conditions, it is very expensive to make fake eggs.High, it is impossible to make a profit at all, so it is impossible to have so-called fake eggs on the market.
Which of the following cannot weaken the above expert conclusions?
A.With the current level of technology, it is possible to make fake eggs
B.Some companies produce fake eggs for crafts or performance props
C.Some illegal traders have mastered the technology to reduce the cost of producing fake eggs
D.Even fake eggs can't be faked and can be bought by some careless people

d
Under the worsening situation of the European debt crisis, central banks in Europe and other regions and countries may print a large number of banknotes to respond, which will lead to a new round of hot money flooding, and then continue to increase the prices of real estate such as real estate.Buying property should continue now.
Which of the following cannot weaken the above conclusion?
A.For the healthy development of their economies, many countries will not issue additional currencies
B.The current real estate prices are stable and there will be no large fluctuations in the short term
C.Due to the severe real estate market bubble, the state has issued a series of policies to combat real estate speculation
D.Due to the influx of immigrants into the city, people's rigid demand for housing still exists

d
A TV station in a city launched a health program for elderly viewers.During the trial broadcast, many elderly people watched it and received unanimous praise, but after the official broadcast, the ratings were very unsatisfactory.
Which of the following can best explain the above contradiction?
A.Some elderly people think that the content of the program is not significant for health
B.The packaging of the show is too entertaining and does not meet the needs of the elderly
C.Watching TV for too long is not good for the health of the elderly
D.The program aired late, at this time most elderly people have already rested

d
The future development of Chinese society is inseparable from the nourishment and role of traditional culture including Confucianism, which has been recognized and accepted by more and more people.Therefore, vigorously promoting the fine traditions of Chinese traditional culture should become the current China An important content of cultural construction.
Which of the following best supports the above claims?
A.Many fine traditions in traditional Chinese culture are at risk of being lost
B.Many local governments have strengthened the protection and publicity of various local cultural heritage
C.Traditional culture accumulated through history has an irreplaceable positive effect on a nation
D.The positive effect of traditional culture on economic and social development is emerging in more and more places

b
A company has developed an air-conditioning management system that automatically starts up through a human flow detection system.Turning off the air-conditioning, the application of this system will greatly reduce the power consumption of air-conditioning in the office.But this system has been launched for several years.Not much, sales are not ideal.
which is the most reasonable explanation for the above phenomenon?
A.The air conditioning management system is welcomed by home users in many cities
B.The air-conditioning management system is complicated to operate and requires professional staff to operate
C.Energy-saving air conditioners occupy the mainstream in the market, and air conditioning energy consumption has been greatly reduced compared to the past
D.Many units have a strong sense of environmental protection and have developed the habit of going out and closing air conditioners.

b
Without rapid economic development, there will be no progress in social undertakings.Now economic development is fast, "so the construction of social undertakings will also achieve remarkable results."
which is the same as the above form of literal reasoning?
A.Socialist democracy and development are mutually reinforcing and indispensable.Democracy is the premise of the legal system and the legal system is the embodiment of democracy.Now that the legal system is constantly improving, democracy is guaranteed.
B.Benefit and fairness are contradictions, and it is difficult to obtain greater benefits without fairness.The efficiency of an enterprise has increased, so the enterprise has also achieved fair distribution
C.The higher the degree of socialization, the finer the social division of labor.Now the degree of socialization has increased, so the current (sensitive words) socialization division of labor is also finer
D.Honesty and integrity are the basic requirements for leading cadres.A leading cadre with a decent style and stricter discipline is a qualified leading cadre.

c
As most of the newsstands on the roadside in a certain city are illegal buildings, affecting urban management, and problems such as over-range operations are common, the local government considers dismantling the newsstands on the roadside.Residents can continue to buy at local supermarkets, bookstores or special newspaper sales points Newspapers and magazines.
Which of the following information, which helps to push the local government's decision to dismantle roadside newsstands, is not included?
A.Many street kiosks have the problem of selling illegal publications
B.Local supermarkets, bookstores and specialized newspaper and magazine sales points are very common and can be seen everywhere
C.The sales revenue of roadside newspaper kiosks is mainly derived from the sale of tobacco and alcohol snacks rather than newspapers and periodicals.
D.Data show that when local residents purchase newspapers and magazines, they are still mainly ordered through the post office.

d
In the seafloor strata of the Yellow Sea and East Sea in China, there are abundant oil resources, which were generated from the remains of a large number of land plants in ancient times.This shows that in the ancient times, the continental shelf of the Yellow Sea and the East China Sea was a large plain with dense vegetation..
Which of the following can support the above conclusion?
A.The continental shelf will continue to change slowly but never stop as the earth's crust moves
B.Rivers that flow endlessly are like conveyor belts, which continuously transport organic matter on land to the sea
C.The Gulf region of the Middle East is mostly a vast desert with abundant oil resources underground
D.Generally speaking, mountainous areas at similar latitudes on land are richer in vegetation than plain areas

d
According to research by the national authoritative scientific research institution, a brand of health foods currently on the market does not contain ingredients that improve human body functions and enhance individual immunity.However, the survey results show that many people who are physically weak are buying and taking the brand After a period of time, physical fitness has improved significantly.
which is the most helpful to explain the above contradiction?
A.The role of health food has a certain time lag
B.Many healthy people also strengthen their constitution after taking health food
C.Most people who buy this brand of health products have better economic conditions
D.People taking health supplements also start to pay attention to health in other aspects of their lives

a
In order to allow homeowners to own a house, a city raises funds to promote the construction of affordable housing.Next year, the construction of affordable housing in the city will enter a climax of completion.At present, how to define the qualification of affordable housing has aroused widespread public concern.Some people believe that affordable housing The government funded the construction, so it can only be purchased by residents of this city.For people who are not registered in this city, they should not be eligible for social housing.
which is the most questionable of the following?
A.In addition to government finances, there are a lot of commercial capital
B.The city's non-resident permanent residents have paid a lot of taxes for government finances
C.The income level of the registered population in this city is generally higher than that of the non-registered population
D.More than half of the city's permanent population is non-registered

a
According to statistics, a total of 786 men and 44 women scientists have won the Nobel Prize since 1901.This ratio of men to women is 18: 1.Among them, few women scientists have won awards in the fields of economics and physics.
Based on this, there is serious gender discrimination in the Nobel Prize.
A.The Nobel Prize is not the only measure of work potential
B.Women are far less engaged in research than men
C.The number of female judges on the Nobel Jury continues to rise
D.temporarily

c
Xiao Zhou, Xiao Wu, and Xiao Zheng, one is a worker, one is a peasant, and one is an intellectual.Known: Xiao Zheng is older than intellectuals; Xiao Zhou is different from farmers; younger farmers are younger than Wu Xiao.
Based on the above, which of the following is the correct decision?
A.Xiao Zhou is a worker, Xiao Wu is an intellectual, Xiao Zheng is a peasant
B.Xiao Zhou is an intellectual, Xiao Wu is a farmer, and Xiao Zheng is a worker
C.Xiao Zhou is an intellectual, Xiao Wu is a worker, Xiao Zheng is a peasant
D.Xiao Zhou is a worker, Xiao Wu is a farmer, Xiao Zheng is an intellectual

d
Data show that since the drunk driving sentence, traffic accidents caused by "drink driving" have dropped by 40%.Therefore, punishment is more effective than ideological education in shaping people's behavior.
If the following information is true, which of the following can most effectively refute the above conclusions?
A.some people sentenced for "drink driving" still have "drink driving" behavior after being released
B, most people said that they gave up "drink driving" because of the serious consequences of "drink driving"
C.Since the drunk driving sentence, serious traffic accidents caused by "drink driving" have not decreased significantly.
D.Since the incarnation of "Drunk Driving", all sectors of society have stepped up publicity and education on the serious consequences of "Drunk Driving"

a
Senator Clinton has been complaining about "there is a gap between men's and women's wages".The reality is that men's average salary is $ 1 per hour, while women's are only 78.5 cents.Some politicians have pointed out that the gap between men's and women's wages is due to patriarchalism.Entrepreneurs are willing to pay more for men.
Which of the following statements is true, the argument that best refutes the above argument? ?
A.The average wage is calculated on the basis of all working and unemployed persons who have the ability to work, and the number of women who choose to take care of their homes far exceeds that of men.
B.Based on cost considerations, entrepreneurs should select women over men for lower pay in the same job than men
C.In the same job, women entrepreneurs also intend to pay more for men
D.There is no difference in the level of work between men and women in mental work

d
People often say that "branded bottled water is of better quality".A radio and television network did a taste test: put different brands of bottled water and public drinking water in the center of New York into the same cup, and asked people to taste the water The lowest grade of the structure is a branded bottled water with widely recognized quality.
What best explains the above contradiction?
A.People judge the quality of a product based on price factors
B.There are indeed differences in the taste of bottled water from different brands
C.Public drinking water in downtown New York has reached the quality of bottled water
D.Article packaging will affect people's assessment of its quality

c
Studies have shown that current automotive exhaust treatment technologies have improved a lot over the past, and exhaust emissions are almost all below the detection level.But some environmental organizations are still trying to eliminate all cars in the world.It's all about cars, cars pollute the air and damage our lungs."
If the following information is true, what best explains the behavior of environmental organizations?
A.The improvement of automobile exhaust treatment technology is the result of continuous efforts of environmental protection organizations over the years
B.According to the air pollution map drawn by the environmental protection department for the past 30 years, during this period, the mileage of cars has increased by 170%, but the degree of air pollution has decreased by 54%
C.As the global demand for cars continues to increase, car manufacturers are producing all kinds of cars non-stop, and the production process of each car will generate a lot of waste.
D.Data from the Automobile Inspection Center shows that exhaust gas from improperly maintained used cars contains a large amount of pollutants

c
There are media reports: In the past 10 years, reports about cancer patients have been increasing.It can be seen that our lives have become more and more dangerous, and we are suffering from radiation from various machines and various harmful chemicals every day.These Radiation and chemical attack are both the culprits of carcinogenesis.
If the following options are true, which of the following can be refuted above?
A.Machines and chemicals have brought us various conveniences, allowing us to save more time to enjoy life
B.With the development of industry, various large factories have settled in a certain place, and the incidence of cancer in nearby villages has increased significantly than in the past.
C.With the continuous advancement of medical technology, cancer patients have survived longer, and more people are willing to talk about cancer
D.The media always likes to report shocking remarks to attract attention and increase sales

a
Due to the convenience of online dating and more options, many people are keen to find their partner through dating websites.However, opponents believe that it is easy to find a partner with just a click of a mouse.The future will also be more full of variables, so online blind dates are not desirable.
What are the results of the research that most support the views of the opponents?
A.The less time and energy the individual invests in the emotional selection process, the lower the emotional stability
B.According to statistics, acquaintances who use blind dates to meet and get married have the highest success rate.
C.When there are more choices, individuals tend to simplify their mate selection conditions, and the decision will be more hasty
D.Too many "alternatives" in emotional choices.It is easy to make people abandon their chosen goals

a
An economic theory states that there is an "inverted U-shape" relationship between economic growth and environmental quality, that is, deterioration first, then improvement.At the beginning, with the economic growth, residents' income continued to increase and the environment began to deteriorate; When the economy has grown to a certain level, the quality of the environment has begun to reverse and continues to improve.
If the following information is true, can you verify whether this theory is true?
A.A's economy is developed, and its country's environmental quality has undergone a process from deterioration to gradual recovery
B.B is a traditional agricultural country.In recent years, due to the use of mechanical operations, the national economy has developed rapidly, but the natural environment has not changed significantly.
C.In order to ensure sustainable development, the government of country C has decided that it is better to reduce the national economic growth rate than to damage the natural environment
D.Due to the deterioration of the international economic situation, in recent years, the national income of country D has been declining, but the quality of the environment has not improved.

b
In order to avoid the leakage of trade secrets, the company will sign a labor agreement with the core technology employees, stipulating that employees must not engage in similar technical positions in other enterprises within three years after leaving the company.It is foreseeable that core technology employees only Can continue to work in a business.
What are the necessary prerequisites to make the above inferences?
A.The company will not give financial compensation to core technical employees who cannot work due to the agreement after leaving the company.
B.In addition to similar technical positions, core technical employees cannot obtain job opportunities in other positions
C.Under the same conditions, core technical employees tend to choose a familiar working environment
D.All core technical employees are willing to enter into such agreements with enterprises

d
People who have purchased commercial medical insurance, because they can reimburse medical expenses, will let go of bad behaviors and hobbies that may cause illness, such as alcoholism, inactivity, etc.
Which of the following would best challenge this conclusion? ?
A.It is generally believed that the losses caused by illness are far beyond the reimbursement of medical expenses
B.The amount reimbursed from the insurance company is not enough to cover the entire medical expenses
C.The scope of reimbursement of commercial medical insurance includes diseases caused by bad behaviors and hobbies
D.People with bad behaviors and hobbies rarely buy commercial medical insurance

a
The management of urban water networks is a difficult problem.To discover the problems of urban water networks, you can only judge by the personal experience of plumbers or their field investigations.
Based on the above information, can we be sure?
A.Without plumbers will not be able to discover the problem of the water network of the teacher
B.Problems with urban water networks would not be possible without a field survey
C.Judgement of the personal experience of plumbers is sufficient to identify problems with urban water networks
D.Field surveys can reveal problems with urban water networks

d
The editorial departments of both newspapers A and B have staff who specialize in proofreading.Last year, there were some typographical errors in newspaper A.while newspaper B had no typographical errors.Therefore, in the proofreading work of last year, the proofreading of newspaper B Clerks work more effectively than newspapers' proofreaders.
The above conclusion is based on the assumption that
A.Newspaper copywriters work longer than newspaper copywriters
B.The number of typographical errors received by newspaper A is no less than that of newspaper B
C.Newspaper A has fewer pages per issue than Newspaper B
D.The number of typographical errors is the criterion for evaluating the effectiveness of the proofreader's work

a
According to statistics, compared with liberal arts graduates, science and engineering graduates earn more when they first start their jobs.Therefore, high school graduates should apply for science and engineering majors if they want to earn higher income after graduation.
What would most weaken the conclusion?
A.The proportion of liberal arts students who ultimately earn high income is higher than that of science students
B.Science and engineering majors are difficult to graduate due to the difficulty of knowledge
C.Many young people are more willing to choose a profession according to their interests
D.Some people who haven't studied college eventually became famous entrepreneurs

c
Public figures need to bear more moral responsibilities, because power and responsibility are equal.Since they have an advantage position that ordinary people do not have, they should bear higher moral requirements than ordinary people.Therefore, they must bear more public criticism and even personal attacks.Even a certain level of distortion is also a necessary price to pay.
which is the most questionable point?
A.Ordinary and public figures should have equal moral responsibilities
B.Distortion evaluation affects the performance of public figures on moral obligations
C.More moral responsibility does not necessarily mean that public criticism is necessary
D.Public figures are criticized for failing to fulfill their moral responsibilities

c
The monitoring results of a city's environmental protection department showed that the air quality of the city was at an excellent level as a whole in the first half of this year.The number of severely polluted days was less than 15 days, and the number of polluted days was 4 days less than the same period last year.It can be seen that this year's air quality is better than last year.
which is the most questionable conclusion?
A.The city shut down several heavily polluting companies last year
B.The city has launched afforestation activities this year
C.The severely polluted period of the city is generally in the second half of the year
D.The city's environmental protection department updated its air detection equipment this year

d
According to the census results of a city, the number of single men over the age of 35 is 1.5 times that of single women over the age of 35.Obviously, unless some of these men marry foreign women as wives, some of these single men will be forced to maintain Single status.
What assumptions are the above conclusions based on?
A.These single men have the concept of "starting a business before getting married"
B.There are more single women working outside the city
C.These single men are unwilling to marry women older than them
D.These single men tend to marry women of their age

a
Due to too few sales, it is difficult to recover the research and development and production costs of drugs, so pharmaceutical companies that produce drugs to treat rare diseases will suffer economic losses.
The one thing that can most weaken the above conclusion?
A.Some drugs for rare diseases also have good effects on other diseases
B.R & D of drugs to treat rare diseases will promote medical advances
C.Relative economic benefits, some pharmaceutical factories pay more attention to social benefits
D.The larger the quantity of medicine produced, the smaller the average cost of medicine per unit

a
Mr.Zhao, Mr.Qian, Mr.Sun, and Mr.Li participated in a skill competition and won the top four.It is understood that they have the following relationships: ①Mr.Sun and Mr.Li often meet to play basketball together; ② The first and third places have just met in this competition; ③ The second place can neither ride a bicycle nor play basketball; ④ Mr.Zhao's position is higher than Mr.Qian's position; ⑤ Mr.Qian and Mr.Li ride together every day Bicycle to work;
Based on the above conditions, can you judge who won the first, second, third, and fourth place in this competition?
A.Mr.Sun, Mr.Zhao, Mr.Qian, Mr.Li
B.Mr.Li, Mr.Zhao, Mr.Sun, Mr.Qian
C.Mr.Li, Mr.Sun, Mr.Zhao, Mr.Qian
D.Mr.Sun, Mr.Li, Mr.Zhao, Mr.Qian

b
In the past five years, the average price of clothes purchased by all households in a certain place has increased by 50%, but the proportion of the average household consumption expenditure on clothes purchase has not changed.It also increased by 50% during the year.
What assumptions are the above conclusions based on?
A.The average cost of buying clothes for all households has not changed during these five years
B.The average number of clothes purchased by all households has not changed in these five years
C.Over the five years, the number of households in the area has increased by 50%
D.Over the five years, the total expenditure of all households in the area on clothes has increased by 50%

c
A.B, C, and D teenagers have three types of electronic products: mobile phone, computer, and camera.① Only one person has a mobile phone, computer, and camera; Have a camera; ③ Everyone owns at least one of three electronic products; ④ Whether A and B have a computer is the same (either two or neither); ⑤ Whether B and C have a mobile phone ⑥ Whether C and D have mobile phones is different.
Who owns the camera?
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.D

a
With the advancement of technology, scientists can determine the year the tree was cut by testing the wood.Therefore, the wood that survived in the ancient building can determine the year of construction of the ancient building.
What assumptions is the above discussion based on?
A.The wood in the ancient building was not left idle for a long time before use
B.Ancient buildings used wood as a building material
C.The construction of an ancient building usually uses only one kind of wood
D.Well-preserved ancient buildings were built using the most durable wood

d
Seawater can be turned into freshwater by desalination technology, and the amount of seawater is extremely large.Therefore, there is no need to save the use of freshwater resources.
which of the following can most question the above conclusions?
A.Pollution of offshore seawater is more serious
B.High cost of desalination
C.Glacier water reserves are huge and can replace desalination
D.The total amount of water on Earth is constant

d
There are two companies, two companies, and the after-sales service department of company A receives three times as many product complaints as company B.Therefore, the quality of company A's products is not as good as that of company B.
Which of the following can best refute the above conclusions?
A.Product operation of company B is relatively simple
B.Company A receives most calls for consultation
C.Company A has more telephones than Company B
D.Company A's market share reached 76%

d
A high school has only liberal arts and science classes, with more boys than girls and more science classes than arts classes.
Based on the above conditions, can you judge that the following statements must be true?
A.The total number of boys in the liberal arts class is greater than the total number of girls in the liberal arts class
B.The total number of boys in science classes is greater than the total number of girls in science classes
C.The total number of boys in the liberal arts class exceeds the total number of girls in the science class
D.The total number of boys in science classes is greater than the total number of girls in arts classes

d
According to statistics, compared with last year, the number of influenza patients has decreased significantly since January this year, thanks to the invention and put into use of new special effects drugs.
Which of the following can best refute the above conclusions?
A.February is the high incidence of influenza
B.Influenza patients rarely go to the hospital for treatment
C.Influenza virus is resistant
D.New high-efficiency medicines are priced high and patients use less

b
A scientific study found that regular use of the left hand can better exercise the right brain, which enhances the person's image thinking ability and is more conducive to the development of creative thinking.However, it turns out that the proportion of left-handed people in inventors is not high.Therefore, this science The conclusions of the study are not credible.
Which of the following can weaken the above conclusions most?
A.The right brain can also be used to exercise the right brain
B.The number of right-handed people far exceeds the number of left-handed people
C.Invention and creativity rely on talent rather than exercise
D.Inventions do not rely on imagery thinking

a
Surveys have shown that couples with different schedules, although spending less time each day, have more quarrels than couples with basically the same schedule.Therefore, in order to establish a good husband and wife relationship, couples should try to have as much as possible.The same schedule.
The one thing that can most weaken the above argument?
A.When a couple has conflicts, they often show dissatisfaction with different schedules.
B.Couples with colleague relationships are more likely to have conflicts at work
C.Couples with different schedules are more likely to have conflicts
D.Different lifestyle habits are the main reason for conflicts between husband and wife

b
Xiao Zhang was going to watch a game next week, but he forgot which day it was, and asked A.B, C, D, and E.The five of them answered as follows: A: Definitely on Saturday and Sunday.B: It's one of Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.C: It's Monday.D: Absolutely one of Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Sunday.E: It must be Friday.A.B, C, Ding Only one person was right.
So which of the following is the match time?
A.Monday
B.Wednesday
C.Friday
D.Saturday

a
A county plans to introduce a fast-growing, good-quality beef breed to promote breeding in the county to increase the economic benefits of farmers raising cattle.
Which of the following can most doubt the feasibility of the plan?
A.The breeder is not adapted to the local climate
B.Local farmers are not enthusiastic about raising cattle
C.Higher breeding costs
D.The local farmer has not raised the thoroughbred cattle

a
In order to test the effect of a certain brand of fertilizer, Lao Zhang divided his own paddy field into the east and the west, and fertilized the land in the east, without fertilizing the west.After the rice was harvested, the yield in the east land was 700 kg per mu, and the yield in the west land was per mu.400 kg.Therefore, this brand of fertilizer can effectively increase production.
Which of the following can best refute the above argument?
A.The soil fertility of the eastern plot is originally higher than that of the western plot
B.Both the east and west fields are planted with the same variety of rice
C.Pests on the eastern plot have been pest-infected
D.Lao Zhang harvested rice in the western plot before the eastern plot

d
Global warming has many impacts on human beings and also affects other living things on the planet.The increase in precipitation can improve the vegetation, which is conducive to the growth of rodents.Studies show that the increase in precipitation makes the originally dry Inner Mongolia area more vegetation.It is rich and also increases the food of rats, and the number of long-clawed gerbils also increases.
Which one of the following can most weaken the above argument?
A.According to statistics, vegetation coverage has not increased in some areas
B.It is estimated that the global desertification area has increased in recent years
C.The increase of vegetation in Inner Mongolia has a lot to do with ecological protection in recent years
D.The increase in vegetation has increased the natural enemies of various animals, including rodents

c
According to the data of the personnel department, there are more female employees than male employees in a certain unit, and there are more Communist Party employees than employees with a political outlook.(The unit's political profile is only the Communist Party and the masses.)
Which of the following judgments must be correct?
A.There are more female employees with a political outlook than male employees with a political outlook
B.There are more male employees who are political members of the Communist Party than female employees who are political members of the Communist Party
C.There are more female employees who are political members of the Communist Party than male employees who are political people
D.There are more male employees with a political outlook than male employees with a political outlook

a
With the popularization of the Internet, more and more electronic versions of books include electronic versions of literary masterpieces, and the price is very low.As long as people turn on their computers, they can browse almost any masterpiece on the Internet.The introduction of electronic literary masterpieces, Will change the reading taste of the general public and help create a high-quality readership
Which of the following most weakens the above conclusion?
A.People who are not interested in literature will not read it because of its price or convenience
B.The popularity of literary masterpieces has not been as good as that of popular books such as entertainment magazines, current affairs newspapers and periodicals
C.Many readers feel that reading e-books is not as good as reading printed books, preferring printed books
D.Reading literary masterpieces on the Internet still charges

d
Climate and economic development have a close relationship.In Europe, countries with a colder climate in the north are generally more developed than those in the south; in the Americas, Canada, and the United States, they are more developed than in the south of Mexico; in Asia, Korea's GDP is the sum of all Southeast Asian countries.So this difference is because people in cold regions will further complicate their brains in order to survive, while people in the tropics lose their motivation to further evolve due to adequate food.
Which one of the following can most weaken the above argument?
A.Human inertia resembles people everywhere
B.People in cold regions are no better than tropical people
C.There is no necessary connection between economic development and cultural prosperity
D.Getting food is not the main mental activity of humans

d
China feeds 22% of the world's population with 7% of the world's arable land, with an average annual production of about 12 million tons of soybeans.At the same time, it also uses foreign arable land and foreign farmers to continue to open markets and reduce or eliminate tariffs.The average import of soybeans is about 58 million tons.More use of foreign resources makes our people's lives better.
The above argument is based on the following assumptions, except for?
A.Importing large quantities of food will not cause food security problems
B.Relevant government departments strictly control the quality of imported grain
C.The price of imported food is acceptable to the domestic population
D.Imports of food in large quantities harm the interests of domestic producers

c
A study found that adults who drink coffee regularly have a 2.5 times higher risk of heart disease than adults who drink less coffee.It can be concluded that a substance in coffee can cause heart disease in people .
Which of the following most weakens the above conclusion?
A.Coffee contains fly that improves heart vitality
B.Drinking coffee during meals can lower blood lipids
C.People at high risk of heart disease are more likely to fall in love with coffee
D.Coffee lovers are mostly cheerful and like sports

c
Liquids can flow.Water can flow, so water is liquid.
which is the most structurally similar to the above reasoning?
A.Philosophers love to think.Professor Li is a philosopher, so he loves to think.
B.Mammals are thermostats.Snakes are not mammals, so snakes are not thermostats.
C.Tablet computers have touch screens.Mobile phones have touch screens, so mobile phones are tablet computers
D.A good work attitude can achieve good results.Xiao Liu has a good performance, so he has a good work attitude

b
One housewife discarded a pair of old sofas, and another housewife picked them up from the outside and trimmed them to make this pair of sofas practical and beautiful at home.
therefore,
A.Anything has some value.
B.Whether something is useful depends largely on human judgment.
C.A broken sofa can usually be repaired.
D.Some housewives are smarter, while others are slower.

c
In January 990, the total sales of social goods nationwide increased by 1.3% over the same period of the previous year.The sales of color TVs increased, clothing was basically flat, and products such as recorders and refrigerators declined to varying degrees.We should consider one fact: The Spring Festival is in February, and the Chinese New Year and the New Year's Day in 1990 are on the New Year's Day.We know that the Chinese New Year is the most valued Chinese holiday, and it is also the peak of the year's consumption.
Therefore, we can think that by the end of January 1990
A.We have achieved certain results in controlling price increases.
B.China's "market weakness" situation has shown a clear turn for the better.
C.China's market sales have not improved significantly.
D.New Year's Day is the second consumer peak of the year after the Spring Festival.

a
British tourist John said to his tour guide Xiao Li, "You are beautiful".Xiao Li answered modestly, "Where, where!" John froze, looked at Xiao Li again, and said, "The whole body is beautiful, Especially the eyes are beautiful."
This story tells us
A.Because you do not understand the meaning of conventions in some idioms, it may cause poor information in verbal communication.
B.Even foreigners who speak Chinese well may make some jokes when speaking Chinese.
C.There is a big difference between English and Chinese in grammatical structure.
D.Oral language is less precise than written language in expressing meaning.

a
Xiao Wang is taller than Xiao Li, Xiao Zhao is taller than Xiao Qian, Xiao Li is shorter than Xiao Sun, and Xiao Sun is shorter than Xiao Qian.
From this we know
A.Xiao Li is better than Xiao Zhao
B.Xiao Wang is taller than Xiao Zhao
C.Little Sun is shorter than Xiao Wang
D.Little Sun is taller than Xiao Zhao

c
Everyone on the farm is Li Ming's relative, Li Ming's only child is a boy, Wang Lin lives on the farm, and Liu An is Li Ming's husband.
This shows that the following statement is correct
A.Wang Lin is Li Ming's daughter
B.Li Ming lives on the farm
C.Wang Lin is a relative of Li Ming
D.Liu An lives on the farm

c
The Reform Forum is a large academic journal focusing on long theoretical articles and research reports.It is popular with readers because it often publishes academically valuable and inspiring articles.However, due to paper prices, printing fees, and distribution fees For economic reasons such as the rise of the magazine, the magazine decided to compress the layout.In order to maintain the original content coverage, the magazine has adjusted its editorial policy since 1989, and generally does not publish long theoretical articles.The circulation of the magazine declined in 1990.
Based on this, we can think
A.The editorial department made the wrong decision
B.The economic situation has forced some readers to squeeze their newspaper subscription plans.
C.The decline in circulation may be related to changes in editorial policy.
D.Something went wrong with the editorial policy.

d
German economist Engel found through a large number of surveys that the difference between the poor and the rich in food expenditure is not large, and the real difference is in luxury expenditure.Therefore, the greater the proportion of food expenditure in the total expenditure of a household, this shows that The poorer the family, however, all levels of Chinese residents regard the purchase of high-end consumer goods represented by household appliances as the first goal of the family's struggle, and after this goal is achieved, the necessary consumption such as improving meals is considered.As a result, the poor and the rich use it The difference in luxury spending is not large.The obvious difference lies in the necessary expenses such as meals.
So we can think
A.Engel is a lame economist
B.In our country, the larger the proportion of food expenditure in a family's budget, the richer the family.
C.In the West, the food expenditure of the rich accounts for a larger proportion of the total household expenditure.
D.China should reduce food prices appropriately.

c
From the modernization practice of the developing world in the contemporary world, one can draw an empirical conclusion: the per capita GDP of a country from 300 dollars to 4000 dollars is a period of severe social shock.During this period, the contradiction between traditional society and modern society The outbreak of concentration will complete a complete renewal of the entire social structure.In fact, even developed countries in Europe and the United States have experienced similar periods.
From this we know
A.GDP per capita below 300 USD is a sign of developing countries.
B.GDP per capita higher than $ 4,000 is a sign of developed countries.
C.Many developing countries have experienced severe social shocks during their modernization process.
D.Developing countries began to industrialize and modernize under a completely different external environment than developed countries.

c
The term "behavioral therapy" was first proposed by Skinner et al.In 1954.It should be said that behaviorist theory has existed for a long time, but the history of the development of behavioral therapy and behavioral counseling is much shorter than the period theory The study of behaviorism began as early as Freud's research on psychoanalysis, but the development of behavioral therapy began in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
From this, we can know:
A.Behaviorist research was inspired by Freud.
B.Behavioral therapy is now undervalued.
C.Behavioral therapy is not the same as behavioralism.
D.Skinner and Philoed pioneered behavioral therapy.

b
Among the 19th-century Western linguists, Humboldt is a unique figure.He was in an era when historical comparative methods were dominant in language studies, but he was not limited by historical tendencies.He is walking ahead of his contemporaries, devoting himself to exploring universal issues such as the nature and function of language, and the relationship between language and thinking, thus laying the foundation for modern linguistics.The middle of the century has not yet caught the attention of linguistics.
It can be considered:
A.The dominance of the historical comparison method determines Humboldt's ideological tendency.
B.Modern linguistics is concerned with issues of general theoretical significance.
C.Humboldt's unique insights have always been unacceptable.
D.Humboldt became famous by repelling historical comparisons

c
One housewife discarded a pair of old sofas.Another housewife picked them up from the outside and trimmed them to make this pair of sofas practical and beautiful in the house.
therefore,
A.Anything has some value
B.Whether something is useful depends largely on human judgment
C.Broken sofas can usually be repaired
D.Some housewives are smarter, while others are slower

d
Chen Chen is the manager of Tongda Company, and all of Zhao Jie's friends work in Tongda Company.Feng Ping is a friend of Zhao Jie.Some employees in the company are from Guangzhou.Very rich.
From this, we can know:
A.Zhao Jie has some poor friends
B.Chen Chen and Zhao Jie are friends
C.Feng Ping from Guangzhou
D.Feng Ping is rich

d
A company has three factories A.B, and C.For a new product appraisal, the company made the following provisions: (1) If factory B does not participate in the appraisal, then factory A cannot participate, (2) if factory B participates in the appraisal, Then both Factory A and Factory C also participated.
Excuse me, which of the following four sentences is wrong?
When factory A.participates, factory B also participates
When plant B.B participates, plant C also participates
When factory C.C participates, factory A may not participate
When plant D.A participates, plant C may not necessarily participate

a
Today, China's higher education is quite specialized.Engineering students generally do not need to take a literature course, and history students do not need to take a math course.In this case, it should be difficult for school graduates to change majors.According to common sense, when hiring a unit, a unit should pay attention to whether a person's major is consistent with the work he will be engaged in.But in fact, university graduates change their majors, "learning which of the following is not used, using which of the following is not learned" The situation is quite common, especially for graduates from some agricultural and forestry colleges.
Based on this, we can consider:
A.There are obvious problems in the structure of higher education in China
B.College graduates have considerable adaptability
C.Many units do not pay much attention to whether the candidate's major is the right one when selecting candidates.
D.Over-professional education is not conducive to the development of students' broad interests and the cultivation of general adaptability

b
Only when he turns 18 years old can he have the right to vote.Li Si has turned 18 years old.
then
A.Li Si has the right to vote
B.Li Si may not have the right to vote
C.Li Si does not yet have the right to vote
D.Li Si exercising his right to vote

d
A scientist is a person who contributes to science, and a scientist is a person with a strong cause,
and so
A.Strongly dedicated people can contribute scientifically
B.A person with a strong cause is a person who contributes scientifically
C.People who have not contributed to science are not very entrepreneurial
D.Some people who have a strong cause are those who have contributed scientifically

c
State A has an alliance with State B and State B has an alliance with State C.Therefore, State A has an alliance with State C.
This reasoning system
A.Correct
B.Wrong premise
C.Reasoning without logic
D.None of the above

a
Where there is smoke there is fire,
and so
A.Where there is no fire, there must be no smoke
B.Where there is no smoke, there must be no fire
C.Where there is smoke, there is not necessarily a fire
D.Where there is no fire, it is not necessarily smokeless

c
The third-year Chinese students are the most active in the school, and Tang Jian is the third-year Chinese students.
The reasoning is
A.Correct
B.Wrong premise
C.Reasoning without logic
D.None of the above

b
Some metals are not solid,
and so
A.All metals are not solid
B.Not all metals are solid
C.Solids are not metals
D.None of the above answers

b
In life, most people experience headaches.Headaches are caused by diseases in the brain, but there are exceptions.Diseases of the organs adjacent to the brain, diseases of organs far away from the brain, and systemic diseases can also cause headaches.
From this we can infer:
A.Most people have brain disease
B.Diseases in one part of the body sometimes cause pain in other parts
C.When a person has a disease near the brain
D.The human head is more susceptible to disease than other parts of the body

a
Containers that do not meet hygienic standards cannot contain food supplies.Many plastic containers do not meet sanitary standards.Although some plastic containers meet hygienic standards, there are certain requirements for the contents.For example, plastic containers can hold drinks, cakes and other food Supplies, but not edible oil.
From this we can infer:
A.Some plastic containers cannot hold drinks
B.A container that can hold edible oil must be able to hold other food supplies
C.Any plastic container can hold pastries
D.Containers that meet hygienic standards are sure to hold non-edible oils

d
According to a poll, from June 1993 to April 1997, the percentage of Hong Kong people supporting Taiwan independence has decreased year by year.Among the respondents, more than half of those who disapprove of Taiwan independence are 40% higher than those in favor..
It follows from this:
A.In June 1993, nearly half of Hong Kong people were in favor of Taiwan independence
B.More and more Hong Kong people believe that Taiwan independence is impossible
C.The influence of mainland public opinion on Hong Kong people is growing
D.The influence of Taiwan independence forces on Hong Kong is decreasing year by year

c
To succeed in today's commercial warfare, the most fundamental condition is to produce more exquisite and cheaper products than the other party.This requires high-level science and technology, and high-level science and technology are the crystallization of human wisdom.
It follows from this:
A.Human wisdom is priceless
B.Human wisdom is more important than science and technology
C.Developing and utilizing human intelligence resources is the foundation of today's successful commercial warfare
D.The introduction of advanced science and technology is the foundation of today's commercial success

c
Most successful companies are related to good management.Enterprise management generally includes two aspects, namely management and management, of which management is more important.To do a good job of management, you need a variety of Managing talent also requires leaders to make the most of their role.
It follows from this:
A.A well-managed company will succeed
B.With good management talent, good management is guaranteed
C.Poorly managed companies will eventually fail in market competition
D.Leaders should pay attention to the role of subordinates

d
For an athlete to achieve good results, he must have good innate conditions and be trained properly or perform well on the field.In this team, Li Ming's innate conditions are the best.
From this we can infer:
A.Li Ming's good results are not due to proper training methods
B.Li Ming's good results are not due to his outstanding performance on the spot
C.Li Ming's good results must be due to proper training methods and excellent performance on the spot
D.Li Ming's good performance may be due to proper training methods or excellent performance on the spot

d
Rabies is an infectious disease that is very harmful to humans and animals.Humans and animals are mainly caused by being bitten by infected dogs and infected with the virus.They die without exception.Medical research shows that: Injecting rabies vaccine within the next 24 hours can greatly reduce the chance of onset.
From this we know:
A.Elimination of canine animals will eradicate rabies
B.Injecting rabies vaccine can prevent death of virus infected people
C.The incubation period of rabies virus in humans for years, even decades
D.Some people infected with the virus will still die after receiving rabies vaccine

c
In addition to the ABO blood type, there are other types of human blood types, such as the GM blood type.The GM blood type is present in human serum and shows obvious ethnic specificity.The FB subtype like the GM blood type is unique to whites ST subtype is only found in yellow people; C3 subtype is only found in black people.
From this:
A.People need to make GM blood type in addition to ABO blood type when transfusion.
B.All Africans have the C3 subtype of GM blood type
C.People with GM blood type FB subtype will not be yellow
D.Some whites can also have the ST subtype of GM blood type

d
The people of Huaxia and other ethnic groups have three distinct physical characteristics: one is the "shovel" incisor (less than 8% of white people have this incisor); the other is when the baby is born The skeletal part has blue spots; the third is the skin folds inside the eye, also called "Mongolian folds".
From this we know:
A.No Arabs have "shovel" incisors
B.Babies with blue spots at birth are Chinese
C.People with "shovel" incisors are of Chinese descent
D.Mongolians have some of the same physiological characteristics as Han people

c
In the first half of this year, from January to June, about 3 million video recorders were sold across the country.This figure is only 35% of all video recorder sales last year.
From these data we can know:
A.The recorder market has started to shrink this year
B.Video recorder sales this year will be less than last year
C.It is entirely possible to break through last year's sales
D.Sales in the first half of this year are down from the same period last year

c
There are 20 million households in China that depend on the production of silk for their livelihoods, and exports account for three-quarters of the world market.However, in recent years, the silk industry has faced export dilemmas: the image of silk has been downgraded, the number of exports has decreased, and some Asian competitors have been encountered.Quotas have also been imposed on silk imports, which is undoubtedly a blow to China's silk industry.
This indicates:
A.At present China does not have silk imports
B.China's silk export volume is decreasing year by year
C.The silk industry in some other countries has developed significantly
D.At present, China's silk export volume is no longer the first in the world

a
An educator wrote an article expressing her anxiety about the harm that video games can bring to adolescents.She believes that video games are like a monster, greedy, and ruthlessly depriving young people of their time to learn and communicate with society.
This indicates:
A.Adolescents have poor self-restraint
B.Video games bring great harm to the whole society
C.Video games in society are full of pornography and violence
D.The government should formulate regulations prohibiting the development and production of video games

d
I do n’t know who ate the cake on the table.Which of the following is the answer from the four people in the house.A said: "It was eaten by B.", B said: "It was eaten by Ding.", C said: "I did not eat.", Ding said, "B is lying." Only one of the four people told the truth.
From this we can judge:
A.A told the truth, B ate
B.B told the truth, it was Ding's
C.C told the truth and was eaten by Jia
D.Ding spoke the truth and was eaten by C

a
The inherent law of the market economy advocates fair competition and quality wins, and only high-quality products that meet people's needs can gain a foothold in the market.Studies show that in the process of the development of the market economy, the emergence of counterfeit and inferior products has a negative correlation with it .
From this we know:
A.With the improvement of the market economy system, counterfeit and shoddy products will be effectively stopped
B.With the improvement of the market economy system, fake and shoddy products will disappear
C.Before the implementation of the market economy, there were no fake and shoddy products
D.Implement a market economy, a large number of fake and shoddy products will appear

c
Health quality is only the material basis for getting rid of poverty and getting rich, while cultural quality is a key factor affecting the process of getting rid of poverty.If material poverty alleviation is not accompanied by cultural quality, it will be difficult to achieve poverty alleviation in the true sense.
This shows:
A.Improving the health of the poor is not important
B.Pay attention to poverty alleviation in terms of the cultural quality of the poor
C.Poverty alleviation funds should be used for development education
D.As long as the cultural level is improved, it is natural to get rid of poverty and become rich

b
Nanfeng Nuo Dance preserves a lot of pre-Han Dynasty belief patterns and has little Taoist color.This is rare in Nuo Dance in other parts of China.Compared with Vietnamese, North Korea, and Japanese Nuo Dance, it is less popular among Buddhists Impact.
From this we can infer:
A.Nanfeng dance has existed long before the Han Dynasty
B.Dancing dance in some areas of China is Taoist
C.Nanfeng Nuo Dance has never been influenced by Buddhism
D.Dancing dances of Vietnam, North Korea and Japan have the same origin

c
History has proven that the nation's prosperity and the key factor for national development are the improvement of national quality.Therefore, the key measure to achieve China's ambitious development goals is to further increase investment in education.
This indicates:
A.Increasing investment in education can improve national quality
B.Improving national quality is China's grand development goal
C.Only when national quality is improved can the nation prosper and the country develop
D.China's grand development goal is national prosperity and national development

a
With the continuous improvement of social modernization, the social division of labor is becoming more and more sophisticated, and the degree of dependence between people is getting higher and higher, and people's focus of life is gradually shifting from the work unit to the community.In essence, the The interactive relationship between people constitutes the main content of community life.
therefore:
A.How interpersonal relationships are increasingly directly affecting people's quality of life
B.Selfless dedication for everyone in community life
C.In the future, people will only be enthusiastic about the community and not very concerned about the workplace
D.With community life, kinship will not matter

b
At present, there are many economic organizations around the world, and they are generally formed by region.For example, "OPEC", "Asian Economic Cooperation", "EU", etc.The countries in these organizations are more able to coordinate and cope with the changes in the world market For example, OPEC has been controlling the changes in oil prices and defending the interests of countries within the organization.
From this we can infer:
A.Only alliances can survive better in modern society
B.The world market is fickle, and a single country cannot cope with the situation independently, and cooperation and alliance are the best development methods
C.These coalitions are a cause of world instability
D.These economic organizations are used for hegemony

c
In Japan, the post-war generation is known for its diligence and shrewdness, but for this generation of young people, it is called the "crossed generation".
The reasons are:
A.The spirit of the Japanese is exhausted by the older generation
B.Young people are too dependent on the West
C.The older generation of Japan worked diligently and at a very fast pace without knowing to enjoy life, which made young Japanese who have no worries about life unacceptable
D.U.S.Ideological Indoctrination

c
If the state-owned enterprise implements the "tax-for-profit" financial system and assumes its own profits and losses, then it can mobilize the internal vitality of the enterprise.
From this we can infer:
A.A state-owned enterprise failed to mobilize internal vitality
B.A State-owned Enterprise Definitely Losses
C.A state-owned enterprise may have adopted other methods to mobilize the internal vitality of the enterprise
D.The financial system of a state-owned enterprise is not complete

c
In the history of the development of the natural sciences, many scientists have known the truth, but have been killed for insisting on the truth.
this means:
A.Truth means death
B.Scientists are too pedantic to understand the work
C.Upholding truth comes at a price
D.Rulers are always against truth

a
In recent years, NATO's continuous eastward expansion has caused Russia's uneasiness and strong dissatisfaction.
The reasons are:
A.NATO's eastward expansion violates Russia's strategic interests, and isolation and siege of Russia are intolerable for Russia
B.NATO cares about development in Eastern European countries
C.Russia has a big country chauvinist tendency
D.As long as the United States agrees, Russia opposes

c
The purpose of popular science propaganda is to guide the public to observe problems with scientific thinking and to use scientific methods to deal with problems.Where knowledge does not exist, ignorance pretends to be science.Superstition is the product of human beings in the era of obscurity and it is difficult to correctly explain various natural and social phenomena.Lack of scientific basis and logical reasoning.After superstition became a tool for some people to deceive people to make money, it incorporated a lot of seemingly reasonable pseudo-scientific knowledge, which was more deceptive.
therefore:
A.Science is powerless in the face of superstition
B.I believe Zhou Yi predicts that fewer and fewer people look at Feng Shui and palmistry
C.Mastering scientific knowledge is the fundamental way to get rid of superstition
D.There are still many superstitious people, and humans are still in the era of obscurity

d
The phrase "small is beautiful", in my opinion, it may not hold up as a strict aesthetic proposition.For example, classical poets like singing small bridges and flowing cherries, but there are many people who do the opposite.For hobbies, go to praise the bridge across the sea or Sophia Roland's wide mouth.
From this we can infer:
A.Nothing is absolutely large or absolutely small
B."Small is beautiful" is incorrect
C."Big is beautiful" is correct
D.Big and small, which form is beautiful, is a matter of love for radish and cabbage

b
Before liberation, a catastrophe often killed no less than a revolution or a war, and after the founding of New China, despite unprecedented unprecedented droughts or fires, the death toll due to the disaster was very small.
From this we can infer:
A.The means of escape for the victims after liberation are better than before
B.New China has established a superior political and social system, which has greatly improved people's ability to resist disasters.
C.After liberation, most people in disaster-prone areas migrated
D.Before liberation, the government did not provide relief to the victims in the event of a disaster

b
In some western countries, the population of the tertiary industry has reached 70%, and people in these countries have considerable income levels.
This shows:
A.Developed countries have money and can import food without operating agriculture
B.These countries have achieved optimization and adjustment of industrial structure
C.Westerners are willing to serve others
D.Wrong statistics

c
One time someone asked an author to identify a very scribbled paragraph in his work.He said, "When I wrote these sentences, only the monk Huai Su was with me, and only he knows it now."
The writer means:
A.Most people don't understand cursive
B.Huai Su's cursive script
C.The writer has forgotten the content of this passage, and it is difficult to identify his handwriting
D.What writers never write lightly

d
If the mercury content in the sewage discharged into the river is too high, then this mercury will be absorbed by the algae and other plankton in the river; these plankton are eaten by the fish, and the mercury will be accumulated in the fish.This fish can cause mercury poisoning.
From this we can infer:
A.To eliminate mercury poisoning, don't eat fish
B.To eliminate mercury poisoning, don't eat fish in the river
C.To eliminate mercury poisoning, dumping of garbage into rivers must be prohibited
D.To eliminate mercury poisoning, excess mercury in river water must be eliminated

c
Practice is the only criterion for testing truth.According to this sentence,
Which of the following is incorrect
A.Practice can test the truth
B.Only practice can test the truth
C.There must be other standards for testing truth
D.No other standard can test truth

a
Four people in the same dormitory stipulated who came back late and who turned off the lights.One day, he forgot to turn off the lights.The administrator questioned who came back late.Xiao Yang said, "When I came back, Xiao Lin was going to sleep." Xiao Yuan said: " When I came back, Xiao Xia fell asleep."Xiao Lin said," When I came back, Xiao Yuan happened to go to bed."Xiao Xia said," I go to bed and sleep, I don't know anything."
Assuming the four of them are telling the truth, please guess who came back the latest
A.Xiao Yang
B.Xiao Yuan
C.Kobayashi
D.Xiaoxia

d
As far as the role of individuals and nations is concerned, cultural quality is mainly through forming a specific cultural atmosphere, infiltrating people's hearts and improving people's realm; humanistic spirit is mainly through specific value consciousness to guide people's behavior and promote people's progress.In other words, the role of cultural quality is indirect and abstract;
The role of human spirit is more direct and specific, so
A.Cultural quality is more important than the human spirit
B.Humanistic spirit is more important than cultural quality
C.Cultural quality and humanism are one thing
D.When vigorously improving the quality of national culture, we should attach great importance to the construction of the humanistic spirit

c
Behavior: Refers to what people say and do, with more than one measurement scale, which can be observed, described, and recorded, subject to the laws of nature, and affecting the external environment.It can be open or hidden.
Based on this, Which of the following are not behaviors?
A.Xiaoming writes to his parents while sitting at the computer
B.Yuyu crying loudly while lying in the crib
C.Little army secretly angry at the house
D.Master Xu unscrews the plug on the oil tank

b
Medical accidents: Those who are diagnosed, treated, or neglected by medical staff during medical treatment and nursing work will directly cause death, disability, and damage to organs and tissues, resulting in functional dysfunction, which is called a medical accident.
According to the above definition, which of the following situations is a medical accident?
A.Xiao Li is an intern.During the emergency rescue of patients one day, he did not ask for instructions from his superiors, and blindly dealt with almost the crisis that caused the patient's life.Fortunately, the superior doctors discovered the corrections in time, and the patients were out of danger
B.Yu Fen's appendectomy was performed by Dr.Zhang in a large hospital due to acute appendicitis.There was no discomfort during the postoperative hospital stay, but on the third day after discharge, Yu Fen's wounds became purulent and ulcerated, and the wounds did not heal
C.Ding has no previous history of drug allergies.Recently, he was infused with a certain skin-free antibiotic in the emergency observation room due to fever.During the infusion, he experienced mental abnormalities, did not speak, did not know loved ones, behaved strangely, and was impulsive.
D.A taxi driver fled the scene after the accident.The victim was penniless and was sent to a nearby hospital for emergency treatment by the surrounding people.The patient refused to accept the patient because he had no cash payment and emphasized that the hospital's rescue equipment was insufficient.Died of major blood loss on the way

c
You must subdue the bad guys.Sometimes you have to make bad with the bad, deal with the big bad with the small bad, and the real bad with the fake bad.The bad guys also do good things, but as long as the good guys have done bad things, they become bad guys.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Good people can't subdue bad people
B.There can be no good people in the world
C.People who have done good things may not be good people
D.People who have done bad things are not necessarily bad people

b
French magazine Science and Life reports that only female mosquitoes can bite people.Female mosquitoes need some sugary substances in the blood, and human blood contains some substances that are indispensable for the maturation of mosquito eggs.Therefore, those who secrete breathe vigorously People who are rich in cholesterol and vitamin B in their blood are more likely to be the targets of mosquitoes.In addition, people who use perfumes, soaps and floral shampoos need to be especially careful.
Which of the following options do you think is defective?
A.Cholesterol and Vitamin B in the Blood May Help Improve Female Mosquitoes' Reproductive Capacity
B.Male mosquitoes don't bite people because they don't need sugary substances
C.In the same environment, some people may be bitten more by mosquitoes than others, probably because these people have a scent on their bodies and are likely to attract mosquitoes
D.A special ability that mosquitoes formed during the evolution process is to screen the objects to bite.This ability helps them to breed offspring.

d
After a trial, Case Officer A said to B: "I believe the suspect must be telling the truth, but he may not have said the truth."
Does A mean not?
A.The suspect did not say everything he knew
B.The suspect said everything he knew
C.The suspect concealed the truth
D.The suspect misrepresents the truth

d
The same amount of cucumber seedlings were planted in the two experimental greenhouses.Magnesium salt was applied in the first greenhouse, but the second was not added.The first produced 10 kg of cucumber and the second produced 5 kg.Nothing was applied to the greenhouse other than water, and the higher yields of the first greenhouse must be due to magnesium salts.
Which of the following, if true, has most severely weakened the above argument? ?
A.A small amount of magnesium salt is found in the soil of the two experimental greenhouses
B.The third experimental greenhouse applied a high nitrogen fertilizer but no magnesium salt, yielding 7 kg of cucumber
C.4 different cucumber varieties planted in both experimental greenhouses
D.The soil quality and sunshine amount of the two experimental greenhouses are different

c
There are four international students living in a dormitory from the United States, Canada, South Korea, and Japan.They study in three departments: Chinese, International Finance, and Law.Among them: ① Japanese students are in the International Finance Department ② Korean students are not in the Chinese Department ③ United States An international student is in the same department as another international student.④ Canadian students are not in the same department as American students.
Can the above conditions be introduced to the department of American students?
A.Department of Chinese
B.Department of International Finance
C.Department of Law
D.Department of Chinese or Law

a
During a quality random inspection, the director of a factory asked the inspection leader: "Our factory has always attached great importance to quality.The products we inspected are probably qualified?" It may be true, but the second half is incorrect."
According to the quality inspection leadership, Which of the following must be true?
A.I'm not sure if you value quality, but this time you check that your factory has unqualified products
B.Most products are qualified, few are not.
C.Some products are qualified, some products are not qualified
D.Attention to quality is not necessarily related to product qualification

a
In a trial, there were judges who voted for all participants.
which of the following can be inferred from this is ?
A.All participants got at least one pass
B.All participants have passed
C.Some judges did not vote for the contestants
D.More than one judge voted for all participants

c
Faced with increasingly severe environmental pollution and ecological imbalances, the slogan "We only have one planet" has a strong shocking power, and it reminds people to pay attention to the importance of environmental protection.
Which of the following is closest to the idea of the author of this slogan? ?
A.No other planet can have life in the universe
B.In the universe, even if there is another planet suitable for human habitation, humans cannot move to that planet
C.It is impossible for humans to find a planet more suitable for themselves than the earth
D.Only the earth has warm sunshine and plenty of rain

c
The signing of a technology transfer contract must comply with the laws of the country and meet the requirements of national policies.Otherwise, even if the contract is signed voluntarily by both parties, not only cannot be protected by law, but legal responsibility must be investigated according to the situation.
which is equivalent to the above discussion?
A.If the actions of both parties are voluntary, they will be protected by law
B.If the actions of both parties are voluntary, they are liable
C.Only if the parties' actions are legal can they have the expected legal consequences and be protected by law
D.If the actions of both parties are lawful, they will have the expected legal consequences and be protected by law

c
In large amusement parks, live performances are deliberately used to guide the flow of people.Lunchtime performances are designed to reduce the pressure on park restaurants; evening performances have a completely different purpose: to encourage visitors to stay for dinner.Surface Performances at different times have different purposes, but behind this, there is a unified potential goal, namely:
Which of the following options is the most appropriate conclusion to this paragraph? ?
A.Minimize the number of people queuing at each site
B.Attract more people to the live performance to increase profits
C.Maximize the role of restaurants in as much time as possible
D.Solicit customers as much as possible, hoping they will come to the park again

d
An agent is an agency or entity that represents the sale of certain products, services, and other related business matters.The agent does not buy out the product, does not bear the risk of failure to sell, and does not enjoy the profit of the product sales, and depends on the service provided by the product commission.
Which of the following options is not a feature that agents should have?
A.Agents do business by facilitating transactions or concluding transactions
B.Agents must be permanently engaged in activities entrusted to facilitate transactions or conclude transactions
C.Agent is an independent business operator
D.Engage in activities for the benefit of the client, and the economic benefits and losses caused by his behavior shall be borne by the client

b
Crime of abuse: Refers to family members who live together, often tortured, tortured, hungry, confined, forced overwork, sick without treatment or other methods of torture and torture.
By definition, what does not constitute a crime of abuse?
A.Wang Hao's father often gets sick.Wang Hao thinks his father is already a man of destiny, so he will not be treated.
B.The boss of a company often forces employees to overwork and deducts their salaries
C.Zhang Zhi sees his wife as unpleasant and often beats him or detains him
D.Li often uses corporal punishment to educate mischievous sons and sometimes do not allow sons who do wrong to eat

d
The crime of major flight accident refers to the behavior of aviation personnel in violation of rules and regulations, resulting in a major flight accident and causing serious consequences.
According to the definition, which of the following is crimes of major flight accidents?
A.Fugitive A used a dagger to force the pilot of the aircraft to land in a township, resulting in the death of a large number of villagers.
B.A passenger plane was hit by heavy rain during taxiing, and the driver made a decision to stop taking off.As a result, passengers were stranded at the airport for 48 hours.
C.The pilot departed from the original route while chatting with the stewardess
D.The aircraft pilot was refreshing, smoking while driving, and the plane crashed on fire

a
Pledge: Refers to the debtor or a third party to transfer its movable property or rights to the creditor for the purpose of guaranteeing the performance of the creditor's right.When the debtor does not perform the debt, the creditor has the priority to receive compensation for the property it possesses.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is a pledge?
A.Zhao borrowed 300,000 yuan from Liang, mortgaged his house for 150,000 yuan to Liang, and registered the mortgage according to law.
B.Sun Mou borrowed 500,000 from the bank for Ding, so he found a good local Chen as a guarantee and gave him a good cigarette worth 500 yuan.
C.Lee repaired the TV in the second place, because the money was not enough, he put his watch in the second place, and said that the next day he took the money and took the TV away
D.Qian borrowed a bicycle from Zhao and wrote the receipt in black and white

d
Families are social units based on marriage and descent, including parents, children, and other relatives who live together.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following are not members of the family?
A.Xiao Li was kicked out of his house by his father since he was young
B.Lao Xiao was bereaved in old age.When his nephew saw his uncle alone, he took him home and lived with him.
C.Zhao Ying and Zhao Lei are siblings.Since the childhood, both parents have died.The two have been dependent on each other.After Zhao Ying married Wang, Zhao Lei lived with the two.
D.Li was adopted by the Lao Zhang couple since he was a child.Later, due to Li's frequent fights and gambling, the Lao Zhang couple released the adoption relationship.

d
The halo effect: refers to the tendency of an individual to be partial when evaluating others, that is, when the individual forms a good or bad impression of a certain characteristic of a person, he also tends to reason from this Other aspects of human characteristics.
According to the above definition, which of the following people's evaluation of others shows a typical halo effect? ?
A.When traveling, my mother told Xiaoli that she might encounter a thief during her journey.After getting on the train, Xiao Li was always upset and felt that everyone seemed like a bad person.
B.Wu is very optimistic.He always thinks about things in a positive way, and always evaluates people positively.He thinks that people are good, and people who make mistakes are accidental negligent behaviors.
C.Xiao Wang thinks that his colleague Xiao Wu is a hardworking and enthusiastic person.He goes to the office to help everyone clean up in advance every day.However, one day, Xiao Wu could n’t help him to deliver the newspaper.enthusiasm
D.On the first day of the night, Wang found that the English teacher was beautiful.After returning home, he kept telling his family that the teacher was beautiful.He was kind to the students and was very experienced in lectures ...

d
Reflex: refers to the organism's regular response to stimuli through the nervous system.Unconditional reflex is a congenital, non-learning reflex.It is a simple reflex without any conditions, which is an instinctual behavior.Conditional reflex is the organism's acquired What you learn in life is only reflections that occur under certain conditions.
Which of the following meets the definition of unconditional reflection? ?
A.Puppies that often eat a dog food called the Beibei brand will drool when they smell or see this dog food
B.The kindergarten teacher always asks the children to sing when the music sounds.On one occasion, the teacher did not let the children sing, but the children sang along.
C.The right side of the horse racing "Marine Biscuit" was often beaten by a trainer when he was a child, so he will go crazy when he sees a whip on the right side
D.Xiao Wang went out to work, accidentally lost his belongings, didn't eat for a few days, and when he was very hungry, his stomach cooed and he drooled when he saw the food.

b
Other deposit-taking companies refer to all deposit-taking companies except the central bank, which mainly conduct activities such as absorbing deposits, issuing loans, and creating deposits.China calls them deposit currency banks.
Which of the following options does not belong to other depository companies?
A.City Commercial Bank
B.Insurance companies
C.Postal Savings and Remittance Bureau
D.Urban Credit Cooperatives

b
Thinking: refers to the indirect generalized reflection of objective things by the human brain.Thinking can be divided into (1) action thinking according to the difference of things or thinking states in the thinking process, which refers to the thinking supported by actual actions in the thinking process.Its characteristics are that the task is intuitive, given in a specific form, and the solution is actual action; (2) Image thinking refers to the process of analysis, synthesis, abstraction, and generalization with appearance.The feature is the use of vivid Objective image; (3) Abstract thinking refers to the process of reflecting the laws of movement of objective things by means of concepts, judgments, reasoning and other forms, and understanding the essential characteristics and internal connections of things.
Which of the following fits the definition of action thinking? ?
A.Holmes found that the killer must have exited from the chimney on the roof by finding no other exit in the house, although the chimney was small
B.Hong Xiguan's son was asked to watch his father practice martial arts every day when he was very young.Gradually, he was able to compare with his father
Professor C.Liu likes to illustrate the problem by citing a large number of examples in his article
D.Architectural students sometimes need to make a model based on architectural drawings when designing architectural plans.This seems to be more helpful in finding defects in architectural design.

c
The municipal government's bidding policy for post-earthquake restoration and reconstruction is that the lowest bidder can win the bid.Some people believe that if this policy is implemented, some successful bidders will cut corners and cut materials, resulting in poor project quality.This will not only lead to additional construction investment consequences, but also endanger People's lives are safe.If we want to eradicate the "tofu project", we must change this wrong policy.
Which of the following statements is true and would most effectively weaken the argument?
A.Demand for reconstruction of damaged buildings can provide many employment opportunities for residents of the city
B.Construction contracts in the city rarely specify construction material quality and employment requirements
C.The policy also includes: those tenders that meet strict quality standards.Only qualified construction companies can bid.
D.If the building design is flawed, even buildings built using the best building materials and first-class engineering quality are dangerous

c
Interviews are very important in the job search process.After the interview, if the personality of the candidate is not suitable for the job, it is impossible to be hired.
The above statement is based on which of the following assumptions?
A.Must get an interview to get a job
B.If a person's personality suits the requirements of the job, he must be hired
C.The interview host can accurately identify which personality is needed for the job
D.The sole purpose of the interview is to test the personality of the candidate

a
In order to expand the sales revenue of its online store, a company has adopted various advertising and promotion methods, but the effect is not obvious.The company has heavily hired professionals for market analysis.Professionals believe that people who have opened online banking This is the real potential customer base of the online store.So the company decided to cooperate with commercial banks to launch publicity and promotion activities among the newly opened online banking crowd.However, the effect was not satisfactory after one month.
Which of the following is true that best explains the result?
A.Generally speaking, it will take a while for people who have just started online banking to make online purchases.
B.Online financial services have become popular among intellectuals, and they hope that online stores can provide some special services
C.At present, the number of online stores is growing rapidly.If advertising and promotion are to be effective, they must have distinctive characteristics to be able to impress consumers.
D.Recent cases of theft of online banking users have occurred frequently, which has reduced the number of people who have opened online banking.

b
Huang said that Zhang was fat, Zhang said that Fan was fat, and Fan and Qin both said they were not fat.
If only one of the four statements is wrong, then who must be fat?
A.Only Huang
B.Zhang only
C.Only Fan
D.Only Zhang and Fan

b
In a certain restaurant, the dishes in the recipe belong to Sichuan cuisine, and the dishes ordered by Mr.Wang have Sichuan dishes.
Which of the following can be added to make the above argument true?
A.The restaurant rules that if you order Sichuan food, you can not order Hunan food, but when you order Hunan food, you must order Sichuan food.
B.The restaurant stipulates that when you order Hunan cuisine, you cannot order Sichuan cuisine and vice versa
C.Mr.Wang is from Sichuan and only likes Sichuan cuisine
D.Mr.Wang is from Hunan, he likes Hunan cuisine

b
There are several graduate students living in a dormitory, one of whom is Heilongjiang, two are northerners, and one is from Yunnan.Two people only took logical philosophy this semester, and three people took classical music appreciation this semester.
Assuming that the above introduction covers all the people in this dormitory, how many people may it be at least? How many people may it be?
A.The minimum may be 3 and the maximum may be 8
B.The minimum may be 5 people, and the maximum may be 8 people
C.The minimum may be 5 people, and the maximum may be 9 people
D.The minimum may be 3 people, and the maximum may be 9 people

d
Conformal thinking yoke: It refers to a bad mindset that recognizes and judges and solves problems, agrees with the majority, and has a lot of people, lacks independent thinking, has no opinion, and has no sense of innovation.
Which of the following expressions does not belong to the "concrete thinking shackles"?
A.Many pedestrians in front of them rushed through the red light and rushed to them.
B.Adults reverse their children's "left-handed" habits
C.Expert opinions are trustworthy, and everyone is based on expert opinions
D.Middle school students are required to wear school uniforms every day.

a
Real judgment: A simple form of judgment, here is a positive or negative indication of a general nature of a single thing (affirmative judgment: chrysanthemum is yellow; negative judgment: chrysanthemum is not black.)
Which of the following is not a real judgment? ?
A.The moon makes a circular motion around the earth
B.The moon is not a star
C.The moon is round
D.The moon is not round

b
Natural unemployment: Unemployment is caused by some insurmountable reasons in the economy.It is unavoidable in any economy, and it is also normal unemployment.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following do not belong to natural unemployment?
A.Wang resigned because he thought his salary was too low during a year of working in a company
B.An earthquake occurred in a certain place, the plant and equipment were destroyed, and the factory director relentlessly dismissed people who had worked for many years
C.An enterprise is undergoing a restructuring, and some women with a low level of education have been laid off.
D.Zhang violated the company's black box operation and was fired by the company after being found

c
Origin thinking: It refers to setting a person or thing to an origin, and often returning to the origin to think, perform state comparison, correct deviations, and continuously advance toward the goal.
Which of the following belongs to origin thinking?
A.How to see the excellent quality of people——focus on the performance of childhood
B.Who is the Sinner in Chinese History——Qin Hui in the Song Dynasty
C.Who can unlock the golden bell on the neck of the tiger-the bell must be tied
D.How to deal with the relationship between people-often communicate

c
Exception principle: refers to the senior management personnel of the enterprise, which delegates general daily affairs to subordinate managers to take charge of management, retains exceptions, and generally also makes important decisions and control of important matters.
According to the above definition, which of the following is exceptions?
A.The chairman of a company is mainly responsible for all the company's affairs, while the general manager is responsible for maintaining the relationship with the cooperation unit
B.In a company's reimbursement system, those under 500 yuan are reviewed and approved by the department manager
C.The general manager has the right to determine the part-time and full-time personnel of a management center
D.At the weekly regular meeting, all middle managers must report the work summary for this week and the work plan for next week to the general manager.

d
Advertising: refers to the goods or services provided directly or indirectly by a commodity operator or service provider for commercial purposes, through a certain medium or form, such as newspapers, television, street signs, shop windows, etc.Publicity campaigns undertaken.
Which of the following belongs to advertising campaigns?
A.The owner of the steel yard gave a gift of one million yuan to the contractor in the neighboring county in order to better sell steel.
B.Obama spends a lot of money on television and newspapers in order to become president
C.The company requires a uniform brand for office computers
D.Li Ning brand clothing sponsored the French sports delegation to go to the Olympic Games to obtain good social and economic benefits

c
The media has an irresistible force, and the message they pass on to the recipient is like a bullet hitting the body and a potion is injected into the skin.The audience is completely passive, waiting passively and accepting the various thoughts and feelings infused by the media The knowledge, audience, and personality differences react negligibly to the information provided by the mass media.
If the following are true, what will most weaken the above point?
A.A person must inevitably cause a specific response to a specific stimulus
B.Adhering to the needs of readers does not create maximum benefits for the audience
C.Society is generally worried about the vulgarization of TV programs
D.Cancellation of the film classification system does not affect the number and composition of its audience

c
The Lei Feng team at a school decided to water the small tree on the campus, but when they arrived at the school, they found that there were exactly three students in the school, and the small tree had also been poured.A said, "It was done by B." B said: "I didn't do it." C said, "I didn't do it." Two of these three people told falsehood and one told the truth.
From this, which of the following is watering the tree?
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.others

d
Only with sufficient capital investment and technical talents can a company's products have high-tech content, and this high-tech content is essential for a product to occupy the market in a long-term and stable manner.
Which of the following conditions, if any, would most weaken the above conclusion?
A.Apple brand computers have high-tech content and dominate the market for a long time.
B.Xizi washing machine has not been able to occupy the market steadily for a long time, but the product does not lack high-tech content
C.Yangtze TV failed to occupy the market steadily for a long time because the product lacked high-tech content
D.Qinghe Konghe has long and steadily occupied the market, but manufacturers of this product lack sufficient capital investment

b
The pulse of the heart causes blood circulation.For the same person, the faster the heart rate, the greater the amount of blood that enters the circulation per unit time.The red blood cells in the blood transport oxygen.Generally speaking, a person's oxygen obtained through the blood circulation per unit time The more he has, the better his physical fitness and performance.Therefore, in order to improve the athlete's level of competition in sports, they should strengthen their training in high altitude areas, because in high altitude areas, the blood content The number of red blood cells is higher than in low altitude areas.
Which of the following is a hypothesis that must be assumed? ?
A.The altitude does not affect the athlete's heart rate
B.Athlete's heart rate in high altitude area is not lower than in low altitude area
C.Athlete's heart rate is slower than ordinary people
D.Training at high altitudes can make athletes' heart rate faster

c
A national survey conducted annually shows that the use of illicit drugs has continued to decline significantly among seniors in high school over the past 30 years.To conclude from the survey results described above, Human use of illicit drugs is declining,
Which of the following, if correct, will provide the strongest support?
A.Changes in the use of illicit drugs by senior students in high school rarely match changes in the use of illicit drugs by others under the age of 20.
B.In the past, seniors in high school have been the most likely to use illicit drugs and the most likely to use them in large quantities.
C.The proportion of senior students in high school who use illegal drugs is very similar to the proportion of all people under 20 who use illegal drugs
D.The downward trend shown by this survey is the result of a drug education program specifically targeted at people under 20

c
A travel agency booked air tickets for three passengers: John the British, Thomas Thomas the American and Brown, the French.The three of them went to the United Kingdom, one to the United States, and one to Switzerland.It is known that John does not intend to go to the United States.Thomas does not intend to go to Switzerland.Brown does not go to the United States or Switzerland.
From this we can see that?
A.Thomas goes to Britain, Brown goes to France, John goes to America
B.Thomas to the United States, Brown to Swiss, John to England
C.Thomas to the United States, Brown to the United Kingdom, John to Switzerland
D.Thomas to England, Brown to America, John to France

c
Ms.Jia: I support the complaints of employees of Suntec.They have been treated unfairly.Most of them have an annual salary of less than 10,000 yuan.Mr.Chen: If wages are the main reason, it is difficult for me to agree with you.Attitude.As far as I know, the average annual salary of employees of Rida Company exceeds 15,000 yuan.
Which of the following best summarizes the points of disagreement between Mr.Chen and Jia Nutu?
A.Are all employees of Suntec involved in the complaint?
B.Is the annual salary of most employees of Suntec company less than 10,000 yuan?
C.Is the salary of the employees of Suntec company unfair?
D.Are wages the main cause of complaints from employees of Suntec

d
Product positioning, product positioning in management refers to the function, quality, price, packaging, sales channels, service methods, etc.of an enterprise in order to meet the target market and determine the product (or service) function.
According to the above definition, which of the following behaviors does not fall into the scope of product positioning in management?
A.Our products will serve students in school and elementary school
B.Taking into account the income status of consumers, our products will be priced at around 3,000 yuan
C.Our service will be mainly achieved through on-site repairs
D.Our service will make you enjoy beautifully

d
Literary criticism is an important and independent part of the arts and literature.It is a systematic, scientific, and in-depth analysis of writers' works, which explains the meaning of the work, evaluates its value, and exerts the social role of the work.The author summarizes his creative experience and guides the reader's appreciation of literature, which is highly practical and targeted.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not a literary criticism?
A.Article "On the Book of Songs"
B.Article "Comment on the Language and Characteristics of Mo Yan's Novels"
C."Research on Dream of Red Mansions"
D.Reportage "Goldbach Conjecture"

c
The crime of gathering people to plunder refers to the behavior of gathering people to plunder public and private property for the purpose of illegal possession, which has a large amount or has other serious circumstances.
Which of the following are not elements of a conviction?
A.Subjective purpose is to possess public and private property
B.Objective behavior manifests as crowds looting public and private property
C.Must rob gold and silver jewelry or bracelets
D.Must be larger

c
Downhole operation, formerly known as "underground operation", refers to the passage of people through the channel cut from the ground to enter the underground at a certain depth from the surface to engage in specific purpose production activities.
Which of the following does not belong to underground operations?
A.Construction of subway engineering
B.Maintenance of downhole equipment and equipment, water, electricity, wind transmission and pipeline maintenance work, etc.
C.Bridge between two mountains
D.Coal mine, tungsten mine and other non-opencast mining

c
A unit needs to select 20 blood donors from 100 applicants for medical examinations.The people most likely to be selected are those who have donated blood since 2000, or those who have failed the blood donation medical examination since 2002.
If the above assertion is true, then the following? Are most likely to be selected.
A.Xiao Zhang donated blood in 2002.His blood type is O type, which has the highest medical value.
B.Xiao Liu enrolled for blood donation in 2003.Because of the unsuccessful "Australian Antibodies" positive physical examination, he issued a certificate of "Australian Antibodies" turning negative, and resolutely requested blood donation
C.Da Chen's last blood donation was in 1999.He was amputated due to a public injury, and the blood of volunteer blood donors was flowing in the blood vessels.He said, I have no reason to donate blood.
D.Old grandson failed to donate blood due to unqualified medical examination in 2000 and qualified blood donation in 2002

d
In order to get rid of melasma on her face, Ms.Li started using Meiya Freckle Freckle strictly in accordance with the instructions at the turn of summer and autumn this year, but after three months of treatment throughout the fall, her face was not rare.It can be seen that Meiya Freckle is completely ineffective.
Which of the following? If true, the above conclusions can be weakened most.
A.Meiya Freckle Freckle Obtained National Patent
B.Meiya Freckle Cream has technical certificate
C.Meiya Freckle Cream is a Sino-foreign joint venture, and the production quality is reliable
D.If you don't use Meiya Freckle Cream, there will be more melasma on Miss Li's face

b
In order to promote the "Jiancaijinwanjia" campaign, Wanjia service companies asked market analysts to analyze the market prospects of the event at the two local universities.According to the market analyst's report, the two universities have gathered many national Senior intellectuals who provide cleaned and cleaned dishes can save them a lot of housework time and do a good job of teaching and scientific research, so they will be welcomed by them.
Which of the following? If true, the above conclusions can be weakened most.
A.The price of net vegetables is only slightly higher than the vegetables sold in the general market
B.Most of the families in these two universities have hired part-time workers for various household chores.
C.The flower samples of net vegetables are less than the vegetables sold in the general market, I am afraid that it can not meet the taste of so many teachers in these two universities
D.Buying clean dishes is still a new thing for most of the teachers in these two universities.I am afraid there must be an adaptation process.

c
Many people who claim to be professional football players, although they spend a lot of time in their daily lives playing football training and games, actually they don't really belong to this industry, because football games and training are not their main financial source.
The above paragraph made the following assumptions during the reasoning process.
A.Professional football players have much higher skill levels and income levels than amateur football players
B.Regular football training and matches are the only way to become a professional player
C.An athlete cannot be called a professional athlete unless most of his income comes from competition and training
D.There are some people who regularly play football training and games that do not really belong to the professional athlete industry

a
A school recently conducted a survey on the role of scholarships in promoting learning efficiency, and the results showed that students who received scholarships were, on average, 25% more effective than those who did not receive scholarships.This fully shows that scholarships help students improve The effect of learning efficiency is clear.
Which of the following? If true, the above argument can be weakened most.
A.Scholarships are usually obtained because those students have good study habits and high learning efficiency
B.Scholarship students can more easily improve the learning environment to improve learning efficiency
C.Students with low learning efficiency usually study long and lack normal rest
D.Research on the level of learning efficiency and the amount of scholarships should be carried out using quantitative methods

d
A private bus company attracted customers and increased profits by increasing frequency, reducing fares, opening new lines, etc.In order to continue this business direction, the company decided to replace old cars with new buses, including double deck bus.
which is the least likely reason for the company to make this plan.
A.Passenger traffic will increase in the area where the company operates
B.The investment cost of replacing the car will be compensated in the expected profit
C.The new car is enough to guarantee the company's expected profit in terms of quality and efficiency
D.Driving a new car will be no more complicated and difficult than driving an old car

a
In the United States, the average survival time of cancer patients, that is, the period from diagnosis to cancer to death is 7 years, while the average survival time of cancer patients in Asia is only 4 years.Asia.
Which of the following? If true, the above argument can be weakened most.
A.Americans are generally more aware of self-care than Asians, so the rate of early diagnosis of cancer patients in the United States is higher than in Asia
B.Americans live longer than Asians
C.The average survival time of cancer patients in Asia and Japan is 8 years
D.The incidence of lung cancer with the shortest life expectancy among patients with various cancers is higher in the United States than in Asia

d
A telephone company in a certain place has started to provide consumers with electronic operator system services.However, the company's manual operators will not be reduced in the near future.
Which of the following does not help explain the above phenomenon.
A.The number of phones requiring human operator assistance has skyrocketed
B.Although it has been tested, the new electronic operator system needs further adjustments to fully function
C.If the manual operator is fired during the current contract period, the relevant party will be liable
D.The efficiency of the new electronic operator system is similar to that of a manual operator

b
The music awards ceremony of the new year broke the selection method of only one best golden song in the past, and selected the best golden songs according to several music styles such as rock and jazz.This can make the work of musicians more fair.Treating can also make listeners and music lovers have more say on the pros and cons of music.
Based on the above information, which of the following are assumptions implicit in this change in selection?
A.Dividing music styles can promote the blooming of flowers in the music industry
B.Each song can be classified according to the division method, without omission
C.Listeners and music lovers have their favorite song styles
D.Changes in the selection method provide more opportunities for musicians to show themselves and realize their self-worth

d
C died of poisoning.To this end, A and B were tried by the judge.A: If it was murder, it must be B.B: If this was not suicide, it was murder.The judge made the following assumption: 1) If neither A nor B lied, this is an accident.(2) If one of A and B lied, then this is not an accident.The final facts show that the judge's assumption is correct .
Then C?
A.It was an accident
B.It was suicide
C.was murdered
D.May be murdered or suicide

d
In the trial of a case, the defendant's lawyer said that "the prosecution's lawyer once said that my client A appeared at the scene of the case.Because witness B saw A appeared at the scene.But now it has been proven that witness B cannot see A Appeared at the scene, so my client must not have appeared at the scene."
Which of the following reasoning is similar to the approach taken by this lawyer's reasoning?
A.the media once reported such a news: a teacher used a referendum to find out the thief in the class.When the selected "thief" defended, the teacher countered: "If you are not, why do so many students think you are a thief?"
B.Some scientists believe that from the perspective of quantum theory, there is a space-time parallel to the world in which we currently live.At least for now, it is inferred from the mathematical calculation method that this is completely consistent.
C.After discussion, we speculate that house prices will still rise next year, because there is no information to predict that house prices will fall next year.
D."You must be the one who helped me back then!" "You recognize the wrong person." "Can you prove that you are not the one who helped me back then?" "I don't know." "Since you can't prove that you are not You must be the one who helped me then! "

c
The most regrettable thing in life is to pass by your love.Just like when you like a beautiful dress in the window, but you think it is too expensive and leave, when you dream about this dress, hurry again When I went to that store, I was told that it was sold out, how sorry you are.Just like love and marriage, when we see the person we love at first sight, we should take the initiative to fall in love and get married.
Which of the following, if true, can best refute the above argument? ?
A.Passing by with a loved one is much more regretful than passing by with a loved one
B.Studies show that there is no significant difference in the happiness of couples who marry at first sight and those who marry at first sight
C.It turns out that only with a long-term understanding and understanding can you clearly know whether the other person is loved by you
D.Your partner is not clothing and cannot be analogized

c
Some people believe that deregulation of private cars can promote the development of China's auto industry, but at the same time, it will worsen the already tight traffic conditions and affect the economic and social life order.Therefore, China's private cars should not be in the past five years.There is big development.
Which of the following, if true, would best support this view? ?
A.The transportation business can reach the current scale, which is complementary to the production of the early automobile industry.
B.The main reason for the deterioration of traffic conditions is that people do not follow the traffic rules well
C.In the next five years, there will be no fundamental improvement in China's transportation hardware measures
D.Now that the price of oil has risen sharply, the government is advocating more use of cheap public transport than the more expensive private cars.

b
Private companies attract high-skilled professionals by offering high salaries.Most professional technicians employed in private companies make 50% more money than professionals with similar skills who work in government departments.The professional technicians hired are driven more by the public's sense of responsibility than by their personal interests, otherwise the government's professional technicians may be lost to private enterprises.
Which of the following assumptions is necessary for the above discussion? ?
A.Government-hired professional and technical personnel have a greater sense of public responsibility than those of private enterprises
B.Compared with private enterprises, the government does not provide professional technicians with better conditions other than salary, such as a better working environment or benefits.
C.Professional and technical personnel will measure both personal interests and public duties
D.Professional and technical personnel working in private enterprises work much longer than professional and technical personnel working in government

a
Mr.Chen believes that there is not much relationship between smoking and health, because among the people he knows, several people with lung cancer are never smokers.
If the following items are true, which one cannot refute Mr.Chen's view? ?
A.The cause of cancer is a subject studied by many medical workers, and there is no definite conclusion yet.
B.Long-term smokers are more likely to develop lung cancer than smokers themselves
C.Among the people Mr.Chen knows, the smokers are young guys, and the non-smokers are frail and elderly people.
D.Exclude people with lung cancer.Among the people Mr.Chen knows, smokers have significantly more people with respiratory diseases than never smokers.

b
Orientation refers to the spatial relationship, position, and perception of the body's own spatial position by the animal or human.It is the result of various coordinated sensory activities.
According to this definition, are the following phenomena or behaviors not azimuth-oriented?
A.Dog finds food through smell
B.We can see that the sun is round and shiny
C.Xiaoming playing hide and seek is blindfolded and can only judge the position of friends by sound
D.The bee flies for miles to collect honey and can return to the nest in the original direction

d
Authorization means that the supervisor or leader assigns deputies or subordinates with certain responsibilities and part of the board of directors according to the principle of hierarchical leadership, so that deputies or subordinates have corresponding autonomy and command of action under their leadership and supervision.Responsible for reporting and completion.
According to this definition, which of the following are authorized?
A.Under the unit system, subordinates have the right to refuse unreasonable requests from superiors
B.Department members report weekly completion status to department leaders
C.The leader entrusted his secretary to buy a newspaper, and the secretary entrusted another colleague to buy a newspaper because of a temporary matter.
D.The person in charge of the unit is responsible for its daily affairs and business processing due to business trips.

d
Corporate culture refers to a set of ideas, beliefs, values, and behavioral codes common to all employees in an enterprise, and the resulting behavioral patterns.
Based on this definition, which of the following is the following understanding or statement correct?
A.Corporate culture is a common behavioral pattern caused by various factors
B.Working five days a week, eight hours a day is also a reflection of corporate culture
C."Corporate leaders have a vigorous style and make decisive decisions" is a concentrated reflection of corporate culture
D.Corporate culture is a multi-factor system that has an important impact on the company

c
A community refers to a certain area where people live together, also known as a population concentration occupying a certain area.It consists of five elements, namely population, area, system, policy and institution.
Based on the definition above, which of the following is options that do not belong to the community?
A.Business
B.School
C.Park
D.Township

a
The concept of stealing is to intentionally replace one concept with another in the same mind, thereby creating confusion in the concept.This is a logical error.
According to this definition, which of the following is the concept of stealing in the following options?
A.A: "You're up all night, playing mahjong noisily and affecting others' rest." B: "Influencing others without affecting you."
B.The name of a dish in a restaurant is ridiculous: "Xiao Mi Sugar Daddy", "Jade Lady Undress", "Hook and Go", in fact, one is embedded in glutinous rice balls, one is peeled radish, It is soy sprouts fried with green bean sprouts.
C.Management is also an art because it can also create orderly beauty.
D."No smoking when I work!" "Yeah, so I don't work when I smoke."

b
Statistical work refers to all the work of people using scientific methods to collect, sort, and analyze data on the objects of investigation and research, and finally form a series of statistical data.
Which of the following belongs to statistical work?
A.The reporter interviewed several passers-by in order to understand people's views on a certain issue and found that everyone's views were more consistent
B.In order to understand the market demand of new products, a company deliberately conducts questionnaire surveys in major shopping malls, and organizes the collected information for analysis.
C.The village committee found that the villagers have recently expressed opinions on the pollution problem of a chemical plant and decided to study the pollution problem of the plant.
D.The city government will host a large-scale commodity exhibition, and conduct an exhibition emblem collection activity online

b
Corruption is an intentional crime.A is not an intentional crime, so A is not a crime of corruption.
Which of the following inference logics is most similar to the above logic?
A.If the defendant is a crime of harm, there should be a significant harm.The defendant's behavior has caused a significant harm and therefore constitutes a crime of harm
B.Hermaphrodites are self-propagating.Land snails are hermaphrodite, but they are allogeneic, so land snails are not plants
C.The audience watching Korean TV shows are all married women.Xiao Han does not like watching Korean TV shows, so she is not a married woman
D.White-collar workers working in the Golden Dragon Building are wearing suits.Mr.Li is wearing casual clothes, so he does not work in the Golden Dragon Building

c
Studies show that as people age, the time spent on sports will gradually decrease, and the time spent on television will gradually increase.And in the next 20 years, the proportion of the elderly in the urban population will increase significantly.The company should sell the shares of "Tengda Sports Shoes" company in time and increase its investment in television companies.
Which of the following is not a prerequisite for making the above reasoning?
A.The increase in the number of people watching TV can increase the revenue of TV companies
B.The average person reduces exercise time, and their demand for sports shoes will also decrease
C.Most people participate in sports must wear sports shoes
D.The development trend of ordinary people's sports and leisure habits will not change significantly in 20 years

a
Most of the well-known contemporary fashion design masters have left school and started their own fashion design career before graduating from the fashion design school.Therefore, the professional study of fashion design has not provided students with a powerful help.
Which of the following best counters the above inference?
A.Fashion design masters all acknowledge that they have taken the basic courses of the Fashion Design School
B.The average annual income of a fashion designer who graduated from a fashion design school is significantly higher than that of a fashion designer who has not completed full fashion design training
C.Well-known clothing brands pay more attention to the design work of the applicants when recruiting fashion designers than their graduation colleges.
D.Compared with graduates of formal clothing design schools, those who have no professional training, but have art skills and low salary requirements are more likely to find jobs in clothing factories.

b
In the past, aging was caused by free radicals in the human body, and antioxidants can destroy these free radicals, thereby preventing aging.However, a recent study compared the genetically modified nematodes that can "kill" free radicals with normal nematodes It is found that there is no difference in aging and life span between the two.Therefore, it can be considered that antioxidants have no effect on human health.
Which of the following cannot weaken this conclusion?
A.The aging mechanism of nematodes is essentially different from the aging mechanism of humans
B.Nematodes have many of the same genes as humans
C.The effect of genetic modification on nematode lifespan offsets the effect of "eliminating" excess free radicals on nematode lifespan
D.Another study found that although antioxidants can not resist aging, they can speed up the recovery of damaged cells

b
China, Russia and other countries were invited by Airbus to participate in the development and production of A350 aircraft.Among them, China will assume 5% of the design and manufacturing of A350 aircraft.This means that for every 100 Airbus aircrafts sold by Airbus in the future, 5 are made in China.
which is the logic loophole in the above reasoning?
A.China does not currently have the ability to manufacture aircraft independently
B.5% of the projects undertaken by China are likely to be only parts manufacturing, not machine manufacturing
C.China must cooperate with Russia and other countries to complete the manufacture of these 5 aircraft
D.China, Russia and other countries are only invited to participate in R & D, but the actual manufacturing process has not yet started

a
Wang Qingyun, director of the Basic Industry Department of the National Development and Reform Commission, said that as long as China continues to increase its investment in transportation infrastructure construction in the next few years, by 2015, China is expected to eliminate the constraints on economic and social development caused by insufficient transportation infrastructure and completely Solve the problem of difficult to get a train ticket during the holidays.
which of the following can't be inferred from this text?
A.China will continue to increase investment in transportation infrastructure construction
B.Train tickets are tight during our current holidays
C.Insufficient transportation infrastructure is one of the reasons for the shortage of tickets during the holidays
D.The improvement of China's transportation infrastructure construction will take some time

b
Vitamins are very important to maintain the function of the human body.A health care company uses this as a selling point to promote its nutritional products.The company claims that the vitamin content of each product is 1.5 times the daily demand of the human body, which can fully meet the human body's requirements for various vitamins.Demand.However, ________.Therefore, the company carried out false publicity.
Which of the following options is most appropriate for the line above?
A.The vitamins that people supplement in their daily diet are sufficient for the daily needs of the human body
B.Some vitamins can be synthesized only when the human body is exposed to sunlight and cannot be taken directly from the outside
C.Most healthy people do not actively take vitamin supplements
D.Vitamins in excess of the body's daily requirements will be naturally excreted by the body and cannot be absorbed

d
Pareto's Law: The law finds that 80% of a company's revenue comes from 20% of its customers, and only 20% of the world's people influence the process of the times.Therefore, a key small incentive, investment and effort can usually produce Big results, outputs or rewards.
Which of the following does not apply to Pareto's law?
A.Selective search, not exhaustive observation
B.Encourage special performance rather than praise for a full-scale average effort
C.Pursue excellence in a few things, don't have to perform well in everything
D.Exercise your own disadvantaged items repeatedly to achieve comprehensive development

c
Guardianship: refers to a system for the supervision and protection of the personal, property and other legal rights and interests of persons without or with limited capacity for civil conduct as stipulated by law.
Which of the following are reasonable guardianship requirements?
A.Wang Fang forbids relatives and friends to visit his ill father because of the need for rest
B.Zhao Dazhen prevents a mentally ill patient from a neighbor's home
C.Xiao Liu forbids her daughter from elementary school to leave home after 8pm
D.Li Ma asks her son to keep all income after she joins the work

b
Deposit: The parties agreed in writing that one party should pay to the other party as a certain amount of currency secured by the creditor's rights.If the party paying the deposit fails to perform the agreement, it is not entitled to request the other party to return the deposit; if the party receiving the deposit fails to perform the agreement, it must double the amount to the other party Refund the deposit.
which of the following are deposits?
A.A urgently needs cash and wants to sell his real estate.When A's friend B learns, he first lends 10,000 yuan to A for emergency.A writes down a document and promises to sell the house to B at a price lower than the market price.
B.B intends to purchase A's set of real estate, A receives 20,000 yuan from B, and guarantees in writing that if the transaction cannot be completed because of A.20,000 yuan will be returned to B, and B will be compensated for 20,000 yuan; if the transaction is not completed because of B, Then A does not refund the 20,000 yuan
C.According to the intermediary introduction, A has a purchase intention for B's set of real estate, but it still needs to be considered.The intermediary charges A a 10,000 yuan sincerity money, and states that if A eventually gives up the purchase, the 10,000 yuan can be returned
D.A real estate company collects 20,000 yuan each from customers who intend to purchase the property before its official sale, and promises that when these customers purchase the real estate, they will get a discount of 40,000 yuan than the original price.

a
Game: According to certain rules and in the environment of direct interaction, each participant depends on the information he has and chooses his own action to maximize the benefits and minimize the cost of risks.Among them, cooperative games refer to participation It is for the benefit of both parties to negotiate an agreement or form an alliance with other participants, and the result is beneficial to both sides of the alliance; non-cooperative gaming means that participants cannot reach a binding agreement when choosing actions.
which of the following are cooperative games?
A.After a fierce market competition, aircraft parts manufacturers negotiate and reach an agreement to choose different parts to avoid direct competition.
B.Several nearby fox breeding villages and towns have sent villagers to compete for customers at major passenger stations in order to increase their sales.Fox breeding in the area is therefore famous
C.The more people involved in tug of war on both sides, the less effort each person involved in tug of war actually has.
D.Although members of the criminal gang know that if they keep their criminal secrets with each other, all members may be released without charge, but some people are worried that others will confess, so they confess to themselves first to reduce their sentences

b
Mass Customization: According to the individual needs of customers, the production method of providing customized products and services with low cost, high quality and efficiency of mass production.
By definition, which of the following is mass customization?
A.An office equipment manufacturer mass-produces a variety of standardized copier functional components, and the sales staff selects different components to combine according to customer needs to form copiers with different functions.
B.A computer manufacturer classifies the customer needs obtained from market research into several types, and manufactures these types of computers on a large scale
C.An airline commissions a well-known clothing brand to design multiple uniforms for its nearly 300 employees
D.A travel agency launched a "semi-self-guided tour", which only arranges half of the itinerary of the tourist.The rest of the time, tourists can freely choose the content of the event.

c
There is no market price: the price is high, but there are not many transactions.Generally refers to the market is very high, but the sales situation is not good.There is no market price: the market is frequently traded, but the price is not high.Generally refers to the large supply of the price Don't go.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is the following statement correct?
A.Under the influence of the economic crisis, there is no price in European football, major clubs have reduced their budgets for buying newcomers
B.The market price of the collection is confusing, and there is no price in the market.
C.The property market rebounded, there was no market price, and property speculators reluctantly sold, even if the buyer's bid was increased by 10%, it was difficult to buy the original property.
D.Although the country has issued a large number of Olympic commemorative coins, under the expectation that the value of the collection can significantly increase after the Olympic Games, the price of commemorative coins is getting higher and higher.

d
Impeachment: A procedure established by law to criminally prosecute a senior government official or judge who has special rights when there is a specific violation of law.The result of impeachment is to remove the person found guilty.
which of the following are impeachments?
A.A CPPCC member publicly expressed his criticisms and opinions on a city bureau leader
B.The court convicted the director of a public security bureau of accepting a bribe and sentenced to 5 years in prison
C.A serious security incident occurred in a province, and several relevant national departments involved in the investigation, and the main leader of the project was removed
D.A national court has charged the current Chief Executive with serious corruption and corruption

a
In education, "who benefits, who pays for money" can only be understood as the country's biggest beneficiary of education if it is correct.This is because, on the one hand, the economic benefits of education, although not directly, are immediately reflected in the market In the process of economic exchange, it exists in society; on the other hand, education is not only economically beneficial, but also an important part of the country's overall national strength.
therefore?
A.It is reasonable that education expenses are mainly borne by the state
B.Education funding should be shared by individuals, society and the state
C.Education is a personal matter, so funding should also be borne by me
D.Free education from kindergarten to university should be implemented

d
In the process of policy implementation, there is still a lack of strong institutions from top to bottom, which are responsible for inspecting and monitoring the implementation of various policies.Often, when a problem needs to be solved, a document is issued and some new regulations are made.Or set up a new organization and pay less attention to the implementation of these policies.Due to the lack of supervision and guarantee system for the implementation of laws, regulations or policy documents, the implementation or non-implementation is the same.As time goes by, it will not work and the endless wind will naturally Prevalent.
therefore?
A.Must be ordered to prohibit
B.The need to strengthen policy implementation
C.The need to strengthen the building of policy enforcement agencies
D.The supervision and inspection of policy implementation must be strengthened

b
In a country, the incidence of theft rose sharply after the legal restrictions on the sale of unlocking equipment were relaxed 10 years ago.Since legally purchased unlocking equipment is used in most theft cases, strict restrictions on the sale of the equipment are reintroduced Will help reduce the incidence of theft in the country.
which is the strongest support for the above discussion?
A.The country's overall crime rate has increased dramatically over the past 10 years
B.Stricter penalties for those charged with the theft introduced 5 years ago have little effect on the country's theft rate
C.Reintroducing strict restrictions on unlocking equipment will not prevent law enforcement from using such equipment
D.Most unlocking equipment used in the country is fragile and usually breaks and cannot be repaired after several years of purchase

c
China's electoral law stipulates that citizens of the People's Republic of China who have reached the age of 18, regardless of ethnicity, race, gender, occupation, family origin, religion, property status and duration of residence, have the right to vote and be elected; Except people.
Under this law?
A.Offenders do not have the right to vote and to be elected
B.Students also have the right to vote and be elected
C.The right to vote and be elected must be a Chinese citizen over 18 years old
D.Voting rights are unlimited

d
Traditional problem-solving methods emphasize past knowledge and experience, while modern problem-solving methods emphasize choosing the best one from all possible ways to achieve the goal, because neither can successfully solve all problems.
therefore?
A.Should choose a method based on different problems
B.One must choose a method for each question
C.Cannot use only one method
D.No fully satisfactory solution

d
Six people A.B, C, D, E, F participated in a final.Before the match, the three guessed: A: The champion is either A or B.B: The champion is C or D.C: D, E, F will never Probably the champion.
After the game, it was found that only one of the three of them was correct, so who is the champion?
A.A is the champion
B.B is the champion
C.C is the champion
D.D is the champion

b
In order to encourage citizens to travel by bicycle, in the past few years, city M has devised bicycle lanes and "green lanes" forbidding motor vehicles.However, the proportion of the city that actually uses bicycles as the main means of transportation is still low.Only slightly increased for men.
which of the following can be concluded from the above phenomenon?
A.The bike lanes on the road make it more dangerous for cyclists to grab lanes with motor vehicles.
B.Women have different requirements than men for choosing to ride a bicycle
C.The "green passage" is usually only paved in the park and cannot be connected to business areas, supermarkets, schools and other practical places
D.Bicycles have long been universally used by women in the city

a
The cost of planting genetically modified crops is high, so there is a view that this can only benefit seed producers and large farms, but not small farms that are commonly found in poor areas.In response, genetically modified companies point out that small-scale planting in many places Everyone is planting genetically modified crops because growers have increased their income by planting genetically modified crops.
If the following options are true, which of the following is the most powerful way to refute the view of the GM company?
A.Some countries provide subsidies to growers who have lost money on growing genetically modified crops in order to increase total crop production
B.Small-scale growers usually only plant varieties with higher crop value
C.The cost of planting genetically modified crops is 30% higher than that of ordinary crops, but the yield can be 40% higher than that of ordinary crops
D.There are many natural crops that produce no less than GM crops, but the prices are much lower than GM crops

b
According to research, birth time has an impact on criminal activities.People born at the end of the year often commit certain types of crimes, and people born mid-year often commit certain types of crimes.Since the time of birth of a person is not his choice, the offender should not commit the crime for himself Take responsibility for your crime.
If the following options are true, which of the following is the most powerful way to refute the above inferences?
A.All people should only be held responsible for actions they can control
B.Birth time has an influence on a person's behavioral tendencies, but whether to perform this behavior is a result of personal choice
C.Not all people born at the same time will commit the same type of sin
D.In addition to birth time, family and school education, social environment, etc.will have an impact on individual behavior choices

d
Since the beginning of this year, the number of reported cases of hand, foot and mouth disease in children has increased by an average of 20% compared to the same period last year.Therefore, some WHO are concerned that the outbreak of children with hand, foot and mouth disease has a trend of outbreaks across the country.
If the following options are true, they will help alleviate the WHO's concerns, except?
A.Kindergarten is the main place for children to hand, foot and mouth disease, and this year the number of new kindergarten children increased by 50% compared with the previous year.
B.As people's understanding of children's hand-foot-mouth disease deepens, parents take their children to the hospital more frequently, increasing the record of minor illness
C.Since this year, the registration and screening of children's hand, foot and mouth disease have been standardized throughout the country, and many cases that have not received attention in the past have been valued.
D.The symptoms of children's hand, foot and mouth disease this year are more variable than last year, and many doctors cannot confirm the diagnosis at the initial diagnosis.

c
60% of the U.S.wind farms that have been built are located on a narrow wind corridor that extends from Texas to the Great Lakes, and research shows that most of the areas with the most significant decline in wind power in the United States coincide with this corridor As a result, the output of wind power in the United States has decreased significantly from the previous year.
For the above reasoning to be true, Which of the following?
A.The output of wind power stations located in this corridor is generally higher than that of wind power stations in other parts of the United States
B.Wind power is the main body of electricity output in the United States, followed by hydropower and thermal power
C.The output power of a wind turbine changes significantly with changes in wind power
D.The vast majority of wind power plants under construction or planned in the United States are also concentrated in this corridor

a
There is still oil in the tank, and our car can still drive.
Which of the following reasoning is most similar to the internal logic of problem-based reasoning?
A.He hopes to be acquitted if he can find a good lawyer
B.Today is the premiere of `` Kung Fu Panda 2 '' and all theaters will be full
C.This cake looks so delicious, the baby must love it
D.This computer has been in use for nearly 10 years and runs very slowly

a
Fatigue driving is one of the important causes of traffic accidents.Many truck drivers often drive more than 8 hours in a row.Therefore, traffic police set up inspection stations at some highway toll stations to check the fatigue status of truck drivers in order to reduce the fatigue of truck drivers .
If the following options are true, which of the following is the most challenging question for the traffic police?
A.It is difficult to have an exact evaluation and comparison index of human fatigue
B.The fatigue state of the truck driver's body is not necessarily a reflection of his continuous driving time
C.Many truck drivers are unaware of the existence of this inspection before being inspected
D.Some truck drivers will respond to traffic police inspections by driving at rest stations in advance

c
Sepsis can lead to the failure of multiple organs in the human body and is fatal.A new type of treatment for sepsis is to use micron-sized magnetic beads to filter 80% of pathogens from the blood of patients with sepsis to make antibacterial drugs more effective Play a role.
What are the necessary conditions for this new therapy to work?
A.No germs will hide in areas with low blood supply to avoid blood filtration
B.Many symptoms of sepsis are caused by the body's own inflammatory response, not by the pathogen
C.Reducing the number of pathogens can help improve drug efficacy
D.The size of the magnetic beads is 1/8 of the diameter of the red blood cells, which can ensure the smooth flow of the salt solution containing magnetic beads

d
Many consumers in a certain place complained that the quality of the air conditioner of a certain brand is not good, and the cooling effect is poor.In response, the chief engineer of the brand air conditioner responded that the reason why the air conditioner did not operate properly was that the local air quality was too poor.
If the following options are true, which of the following is the most effective way to refute the engineer's point of view?
A.The brand's air conditioners work very well in areas with good air quality
B.The brand air conditioner has not experienced a large number of quality complaints in other regions
C.Not all air conditioners are affected by air quality
D.All air conditioners should be guaranteed to function properly in the local area before they can be sold

c
For all operations, the size of the display screen of a mobile phone that is convenient to carry cannot be larger than 3.5 inches, and the display size of all mobile phones that pay attention to reading effects must be larger than 3.5 inches.The display screen of S-brand mobile phones is 4 inches.
Based on the above facts, Which of the following judgment must be correct ().
A.S brand mobile phones don't pay attention to reading effect
B and S mobile phones are neither easy to operate and carry, nor pay attention to reading effects
C and S mobile phones are not easy to operate and carry
D and S mobile phones are easy to operate and carry

b
A medical survey found that the use of lower-priced drugs for the treatment of the same type of disease is as effective as the use of higher-priced drugs at the same time.Therefore, vigorously promote lower-priced drugs to reduce medical costs .
Which of the following is true that would weaken the above conclusion? ()
A.the side effects of less expensive drugs are less than those of higher prices
B, the number of times a lower-priced drug is taken per unit time and the dose to be taken each time are higher than the higher-priced drug
C, the profit margin of lower-priced drugs is relatively small, which is not conducive to the survival of pharmaceutical companies
D.The middle class and the rich are more inclined to use higher-priced drugs in the medical process.

d
In recent years, the sales of eight herbal tea beverages have increased significantly.At the same time, the research and development costs of the company's health benefits for the beverage have also increased significantly.The industry believes that the growth of eight herbal tea beverages has benefited Improvement of its health utility.
Which of the following is true that would weaken the above conclusion? ?
A.in the beverage consumer market, the share of herbal tea drinks is only 10%
B, the health care utility on the market is recognized as the best.The sales of B herbal tea beverages are not as good as A herbal tea beverages.
C, in recent years, the sales of many brands of herbal tea drinks on the market have increased significantly
D, consumers buy A herbal tea beverage because the beverage has a pleasant taste and a stylish packaging

a
For a person to truly quit smoking, at least two key issues must be addressed: one is to reduce the chance of exposure to tobacco, and the other is the support of the family.If the above two aspects cannot be resolved, then even if the individual has the strongest willpower, It is impossible to quit smoking.
Can't launch from this?
A.as long as you reduce your exposure to tobacco, have the support of your family, and have strong willpower, you will be able to quit smoking successfully
B, quit smoking only if you reduce your exposure to tobacco
C, unless you reduce your exposure to tobacco and get support from your family, you won't be able to quit successfully
D, a strong-willed person who quit smoking must have the support of his family

b
On the one hand, we hope to bring more convenience to life through "cloud services" in information technology, and on the other hand, we do not want to bear the risk of personal information being leaked, which is impossible.
Which of the following best describes the situation described in the stem? ()
A.someone needs to bear the risk of personal information leakage, and also enjoys the convenience of life brought by "cloud services".This is possible.
B, or choose not to use "cloud services" or choose to bear the risk of personal information being leaked, this is inevitable
C, if you do not use "cloud services", it is possible not to bear the risk of personal information being leaked
D, everyone does not want to bear the risk of personal information being leaked, this is inevitable

b
The scientific community recently discovered an alpha mimic virus that parasitizes beta amoeba.The beta amoeba parasitic by this virus releases a kind of tadpole stimulant in mammals.Causes the animal's respiratory system to react violently, and in severe cases, it can cause dyspnea.At present, alpha-like viruses can be found in animals with symptoms of dyspnea.
From this we can infer ().
A.7 irritants cannot be found in breathing mammals
B.Amoeba can cause a severe response in the mammalian respiratory system
C, the amoeba does not produce irritants that cause breathing difficulties in mammals in the absence of parasitic alpha virus
D, if a mammal is infected with alpha, bacteriophage virus, the animal must have symptoms of dyspnea

c
Recently, consumers have rumored that "the company's car's power system has technical problems.The existence of technical problems will harm the reputation of company M.If" the company does not try to test this problem, consumers will lose the products of company V Confidence.But if "the company checks and proves that there is no problem with the power system of the car, it will make consumers more suspicious of the company's car's power system.
From this we can infer ().
Company A and M should acknowledge that there are technical problems with the power system of a small number of cars in their company
B, in the face of this rumor, company M's best strategy is to recall consumers' rumored cars
C, the company can't stop this rumor from harming M's reputation
D, if there is a consumer rumor that there is no technical problem in the power system of M's car, this rumor will also damage the reputation of M

b
Although there is an urgent need for better new drugs to treat neurodegenerative diseases, for large pharmaceutical companies, the development of related drugs is too complicated and expensive, and R & D that costs millions of dollars may fail at any time and the investment risk is huge.Count on large pharmaceutical companies to invest in drugs that treat neurodegenerative diseases.
Which of the following is true and can best refute the above reasoning? ?
A.most neurodegenerative diseases are not contagious, and the harm to life is slow and long-term
B.The cost and complexity of cancer drug research and development is the highest of all drug developments, but many large pharmaceutical companies are still investing heavily in this.
C, although some neurodegenerative diseases can be treated by non-drug methods, the treatment is very cruel and it is easy to cause permanent damage to patients
D, the average drug development cycle only takes 1.2 years, while the neurodegenerative drug development cycle takes 6 to 10 years

a
In a study on commercial advertising, researchers divided participants into two groups, all of whom provided the same snacks.One group of participants watched a 10-minute popular comedy video first, and then watched 5 minutes about Commercials for food; another group of participants served as a reference group, and they watched a popular 15-minute comedy video.The study found that participants who watched commercials for food consumed significantly more snacks than the other group.The study believes that commercial food advertising can effectively increase people's consumption of snacks.
If any of the following is true, it can weaken the inference of the above study? ?
A.When subjects watched food-free ads, there was no significant difference between snack consumption and food ads
B.When the researchers changed the popular comedy short film to tragedy short, the snack consumption of the group watching the food advertisement was still higher than that of the reference group
C.The longer the food ad is played, the greater the group ’s snack consumption
D.When researchers changed the popular comedy shorts to tragedy shorts, snack consumption in both groups dropped

a
The results released in 013 showed that the total proven natural gas reserves in the world totaled 22 billion cubic meters.Natural gas's contribution to global energy accounts for a quarter, and at the current consumption rate, it can only provide energy for 65 years.To avoid the dilemma that no gas is available, more alternative energy sources must be developed.
If any of the following is true, the above conclusion can be refuted most? ?
A.In recent years, the contribution of natural gas to global energy is gradually decreasing
B.With the development of detection technology, the global proven natural gas reserves are much higher than in the past
C.Due to the application of new technologies, the efficiency of energy use has improved to a certain extent than in the past
D.Given the design habits of modern machinery, the energy status of natural gas is irreplaceable

b
City E conducted a public policy poll to randomly select 1,000 citizens to answer relevant questions.One month later, a thousand citizens were again randomly selected to answer the same question, but the order of the questions was different from the last time.It was found that two The sub-citizen sample gave different questions and answers to many questions, which proves that the same set of questions can sometimes lead to different answers because of the change in the order of the questions.
Which of the following hypotheses does the argument rely on? ?
A.Some citizens were randomly selected twice and participated in two surveys
B.The content of the survey question will not affect the answer due to the passage of time
C.The second survey changed the first anonymous survey to a real-name survey
D.The second investigation did not disrupt the order of all issues

a
At a company's year-end party, the host put a prize in each of the three small boxes, so that Xiao Li, Xiao Guo, Xiao Yang, and Xiao Li guessed how many prizes were put in each box.Said: "Box 1 is the third prize, box 2 is the special prize, box 3 is the first prize".Xiao Guo said: "box 1 is the second prize, box 2 is the special prize, box 3 It is a fourth prize ".Xiao Yang said:" Box 1 is a consolation prize, box 2 is a third prize, box 3 is a fifth prize ".Xiao Li said:" box 1 is a second prize, and number 2 The box is the fourth prize, and the box 3 is the consolation prize."
If one person happens to guess two correctly, and the other three people guess exactly one, then which of the following is in the second box?
A.A.Grand Prize
B.A.Second Prize
C.A.5th Prize
D.A.Consolation Award

a
Only when an enterprise has been attracting and training talents can it build a strategic talent echelon, and a strategic talent echelon is necessary for an enterprise to continuously expand its scale.
Which of the following conditions, if any, would weaken the above conclusion?
A.Company A is constantly expanding its size, but has not been attracting talent
B.Company B has been training talents and establishing a strategic talent echelon
C.Company C has established a strategic talent echelon, but has not continued to expand its size
D.The Ding company has not continuously expanded its scale, but has been attracting and training talents.

d
Commercial surveys have shown that the sales of ski sports equipment in City A is higher than that in City B.It can be seen that residents of City A prefer skiing more than residents of City B.
If any of the following is true, it can most weaken the inference of the above investigation?
City A.B has more population than City A
B.A city ski equipment is produced in city B
C.The winners of several national ski competitions came from city A
D.In recent years, A city has vigorously developed tourism, and many tourists have learned skiing in A city

c
Different from ordinary consumer products based on product cost-based pricing, luxury brands usually formulate three different retail price regions in Europe, the United States, and Asia according to different market expectations.In Europe, with France and Italy as the main origin The prices of luxury goods are often the lowest.When European brands reach the U.S.market, they usually only increase the price slightly, because consumers there have matured their psychology of luxury goods.In Asia, the prices of luxury brands Highest.
Which of the following can best explain the phenomenon that luxury brands have the highest prices in the Asian market?
A.Asia is far from the origin of luxury brands and high logistics costs
B.Relatively high operating costs such as labor and store rents in Asia
C.Consumers in Asian markets have high expectations for luxury brands
D.The Asian market has a larger luxury consumer group than the European and American markets

a
In a test experiment of a brain health product, the first group of subjects took the health product daily, while the second group did not.The results showed that the brain cognition of the first group of subjects was indeed better than the second The group of subjects is good.Therefore, experiments have proven that this health product does have a significant health effect on the brain.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Before the test, the brain cognitive ability of the two groups of subjects was equivalent
B.The ingredients in this brain health product are also found in some daily foods
C.The number of subjects in both groups is equal, and the family financial ability is similar
D.The brain-building product has been licensed for production and sales and has achieved a good market share

b
An entrepreneur said: "A startup Internet company can only grow into a successful Internet company if it builds user thinking."
If the entrepreneur's statement is true, which of the following is unlikely to happen?
A.A startup Internet company has user thinking and has not become a successful Internet company
B.A startup Internet company has no user thinking and becomes a successful Internet company
C.A startup Internet company has user thinking and has not become a successful Internet company
D.A startup Internet company has user thinking and becomes a successful Internet company

c
Feedforward control is future-oriented, and its goal is to prevent deviations from occurring before they occur.
Which of the following are feedforward control:
A.Managers can update budgets based on continuous business data flow
B.Compare actual expenses with quarterly budget
C.The bank requires a series of documents to be signed before the loan is issued, and the memorandum must be approved by the supervisor
D.The monitoring system can track the operating indicators of each machine in real time so that managers can correct errors in a timely manner

d
Basic attribution error means that people often attribute the behavior of others to intrinsic traits such as personality or attitude, while ignoring the importance of their situation.
Which of the following are basic attribution errors:
A.Xiao Zhang did not do well in the exam, he felt that he was really stupid
B.Xiao Zhang did not do well in the exam.He thought it was not that he did not learn well, but that the teacher's questions were too partial.
C.Xiao Li lost his wallet on the street, and regretted his carelessness when he returned.His classmate Xiao Zhang comforted him that the place was too messy, and there were many thieves.
D.Xiao Li did not do well in the exam.Xiao Zhang thought that it must be that Xiao Li did not work hard.In fact, something happened to Xiao Li recently at home, which had some impact on his mood.

c
Cognitive disorders are uncomfortable feelings caused by an act that is inconsistent with attitude.
Which of the following are cognitive disorders:
A.Xiao Li goes outing with her favorite girl
B.Xiao Li ignored Xiao Zhang who had festivals with himself at the banquet
C.Xiao Li doesn't like the boss's exaggeration, but has to compliment him for his face
D.Xiao Li is quitting smoking, and his colleague gave him a cigarette and he was politely rejected.

a
Ad hoc personality means that in order to protect a scientific theory from the danger of being disproved, the theory is modified or some new assumptions are added so that the theory is not provable or testable.
Which of the following are ad hoc modifications:
A.The scholars of the Ptolemy system have continuously increased the number of rounds in order to make the "geocentric theory" consistent with the observed data of celestial bodies.By the 16th century, the total number of rounds of the Ptolemy system has increased to 80
B.Aristotle's followers insisted on the doctrine that all celestial bodies are perfect spheres, and proposed that the undetectable matter existing on the moon is full of recesses, so that the moon still maintains a perfect sphere shape
C.Einstein modified Newton's absolute space-time system in order to study particularly large and fast objects, and proposed a relative space-time system, which includes the theory of invariance of light speed and the theory of variable mass
D.Riemann et al.Created non-Euclidean geometry by modifying the fifth axiom of Euclidean geometry, taking mathematics a step forward

d
A: Reading a lot during childhood can cause myopia-it is difficult to see the distant scene.B: I disagree.The connection between myopia and reading comes from the fact that children who have difficulty viewing distant scenes are most likely to choose Activities that require viewing objects from close range, such as reading.
B's rebuttal to A is through
A.Use analogies to illustrate errors in Reasoning A
B.states that A's statement is contradictory
C.Explain that accepting A's statement would lead to ridiculous conclusions
D.Arguing that the cause of a phenomenon in statement A is actually the result of the phenomenon

d
Xiao Wang: Judging from the huge cost of hosting the Olympic Games, the ticket prices for watching various Olympic games should be much higher.It is the advertising revenue of the Olympic sponsors that has lowered the ticket prices.Therefore, the live audience of the Olympic Games has drawn from the advertisements of the Olympic Games.Gained economic benefits.Xiao Li: Your argument cannot be established.Who will pay for the advertising costs that seem to lead to a reduction in Olympic ticket prices? In the end, not consumers, including consumers who are audiences at the Olympic Games? Price spreads advertising costs on consumers.
Which of the following can effectively weaken Xiao Li's rebuttal to Xiao Wang:
A.Tickets for the Olympic Games are generally much higher than those for ordinary sports
B.The hosting of the Olympic Games has become more and more commercial, causing widespread dissatisfaction
C.More and more manufacturers use global sports competitions to advertise, and the cost of advertising is also increasing
D.The advertising expenditure of various manufacturers is generally a constant, but there is a choice in the form of advertising

b
Almost all university professors in developed western countries have obtained a doctorate degree.At present, some colleges and universities in China also insist that when recruiting new teachers, a doctorate degree is a necessary condition, unless a few outstanding master graduates of the university stay on campus.
From this text, we can learn:
A.In China, some new teachers in higher education institutions have PhDs
B.In China, the proportion of teachers who have received doctoral degrees in some higher schools is increasing
C.University professors receive more PhDs than students who do not receive PhDs
D.In China, most university professors have already obtained PhDs and a few are currently working on PhDs

d
In one experiment, the researchers divided the brain into several regions, and then scanned and compared the gray matter content of each region of the brain.The results showed that people with high scores on the IQ test had brains that were lower than those with lower scores There are 24 areas with more gray matter content, and most of these areas are responsible for various functions such as memory, response and language.
From this text, we can deduce:
A.People with low IQ do not have gray matter in the brain
B.People with more gray matter in the brain have higher IQ
C.Smart people have gray matter in 24 regions of the brain
D.People with high IQ have strong memory, response and language skills

b
All people living in a city are entitled to a card after they reach the age of 65, guaranteeing them a discount on most of the city's public transport services.A 1990 census record showed that there were 2,450 residents in the city.He reached the age of 64, but in 1991, more than 3,000 people applied for and reasonably received a discount card.Therefore, it is clear that the population growth of the city from 1990 to 1991 must be partly due to people in their sixties Immigration of the city.
The assumptions discussed above are based on:
A.Problems with the city's 1990 census record
B.The city's total population grew by more than 500 people during 1990
C.The person who applied for and received the discount card in 1991 had the right to apply for the card for the first time in that year
D.None of those 65 years or older who moved to the city in 1991 have not applied for a discount card

a
One study found that 70% of children surveyed in the 1970 had ever had worm teeth, compared to only 50% of the children surveyed in the 1985 survey.The researchers concluded that between 1970 and 1985 Over the course of this year, the rate of dental disease among children has decreased.
If true, the one thing that would weaken the researchers' conclusions above is:
A.Children surveyed come from families with different income backgrounds
B.Worm tooth is the most common type of dental disease that children may have
C.Children surveyed in 1985 are younger than children surveyed in 1970
D.The children surveyed were selected from students of teachers who collaborated with these researchers

c
The experience of a department store with a large skylight has shown that sales of sunlight into the mall can increase sales.The large skylight of the department store allows sunlight to enter half of the mall, which can reduce the need for artificial lighting.The place has only artificial lighting.Since the mall opened two years ago, the sales volume of each department on the side of the skylight is much higher than that of other departments.
If true, the one that best supports the above discussion is:
A.In addition to the skylight, there are some obvious differences between the two parts of the building
B.On some cloudy days, more artificial light is needed to illuminate the area under the skylight in the mall
C.During the mall's opening hours at night, the sales of each department under the skylight in the mall are not higher than other departments
D.Departments located in the lower part of the mall's skylight, also among the other chain stores in the mall with the highest sales

c
In order to protect seaside buildings from ocean storms, marine resorts have built huge protective walls between the beach and the buildings.These protective walls not only cover the sea views of some buildings, but also narrow the coast itself.This is because when the storm eroded the sand from the side of the water, the sand no longer expanded inland.
One of the most supported claims of the above information is:
A.Preserving beaches for future generations should be the primary goal of coast management
B.The protective wall will not end up being damaged by the storm and will not require expensive repairs and updates
C.As the severity of ocean storms continues to increase, more tall protective walls must be built between beaches and seaside buildings
D.Efforts to protect seaside buildings by building protective walls will be counterproductive in the long run

d
Some jewellery workshops have been excavated at the Mayan site, these workshops are located on the side of the road that radiates outward from the center of the site, and there is a certain distance from the center.Since the nobles live only in the central area, archeologists have concluded that these workshops are made by The jewelry is not for the aristocracy, but for a middle class, they must be rich enough to buy jewelry.
For artisans working in these workshops, archaeologists make the following assumptions:
A.They live near the workshop
B.They do not provide home delivery service
C.They themselves are members of the rich middle class
D.The ingredients of their products are different from those of jewellery for nobles

a
The traffic management bureau required drivers to use headlights during the day as well as at night when they passed a certain road section, and found that the annual accident rate on this road was 15% lower than before.They concluded that the citywide Enforcing this requirement will similarly reduce accident rates.
The one that best supports the above argument is:
A.The test road section was selected to include a variety of road conditions that may be encountered when driving in the city
B.The traffic volume of the tested section was reduced during the test because other routes can be selected
C.Under certain conditions, including fog and rain, most drivers already use headlights during the day
D.Drivers' understanding of the requirements for using headlights on this test section comes from three prominent signs in each direction of travel

b
A painter has never dated his work, and the chronological order of his works has now begun to outline in the review literature.It is certainly wrong to locate the time of a self-portrait of the painter as 1930.By 1930, the painter had already He is 63 years old, but the young, dark-haired man in the painting is obviously the artist himself, but he is definitely not a 63-year-old man.
The assumptions underlying the above conclusions are:
A.The artist has painted several self-portraits showing how he looks after 60
B.It is impossible for a painter to paint himself as a young man when he is 63 years old
C.Before the artist was far from 60, he had not painted a self-portrait with a clear date
D.By failing to date his work, the painter tries to set aside time for comments on his work

b
Most oceans on the earth's surface.Extensive research on the ocean floor is possible only with more sophisticated instruments than now.Therefore, scientists must know less about the ocean floor environment than other environments on the planet.
If correct, the one that best supports the above conclusions is:
A.Many mountains are completely below sea level, yet the 3D images produced by the new underwater detection equipment are as accurate as the 3D images of mountains on the ground
B.Strong currents circulate on the ocean floor, but the overall shape of their movements is not as easy to understand as the shape of air currents moving on land
C.Contrary to most terrestrial environments, temperature conditions at sea level are generally stable and consistent because sunlight cannot penetrate below extremely deep sea levels
D.Very few people have seen detailed maps of the extended sea floor, even though such maps can be seen in almost all large libraries

d
In a recent film with a background in the Qing Dynasty, there was a shot of a male protagonist smoking cigarettes, and cigarettes had not yet appeared in that era.However, because the moviegoers obviously didn't care about these, for most movie audiences, This mistake obviously does not affect any historical authenticity revealed in other aspects of the film.
If correct, the one that would most undermine the above conclusions is:
A.Although the film describes many events that have not experienced historical confirmation, it has been praised for its reasonable description of historical events
B.The movie scene showing the actor smoking a cigarette is a scene that is crucial to the plot of the movie, and some of the scenes are shown for the second time in the flashback
C.Historical filmmakers often compromise between the authenticity of history and the need to keep the material acceptable to modern audiences, much like the way actors speak.
D.A previous film depicting the Tang Dynasty shows a scene of an official smoking a cigarette, a historical error mocked by many popular film reviews

d
If a person increases the number of daily meals and does not significantly increase the total amount of food consumed, his cholesterol level will decrease significantly.However, most people who increase the number of daily meals also consume more food.
The statements supported by the statement above are:
A.For most people, cholesterol levels are not affected by the amount of food eaten daily
B.For most people, the amount of food eaten per meal depends on the time of the meal
C.For most people, increasing the number of meals per day will not cause a significant drop in cholesterol levels
D.For most people, the total number of meals per day is not affected by the number of meals per day

d
In today's highly developed computer, we can use the computer to do a lot of work, but it is precisely because of over-reliance on the computer, the development of young people's hands-on ability is inhibited.They use the computer everywhere in their study and life to find answers, not Solve problems yourself.As a result, teenagers who use computers to solve their learning and living problems are actually less capable than other children.
Which of the following statements, if true, best supports the above inference?
A.There is no significant difference in the level of intelligence between adolescents who are overly dependent on computers and those who are less exposed to computers.
B.Most teenagers solve problems by themselves while using computers
C.Adolescents can use computers to solve practical problems, and they are also hands-on training
D.Teenagers who use less computers have better ability to solve learning and living problems by themselves

b
Relevant experts said that due to severe physical and mental overdrafts at work, a chronic occupational disease known as burnout is invading urban workers.Burnout is a phenomenon of heart exhaustion caused by work, which is the pressure of professional workers under the pressure of work.The feeling of physical and mental fatigue and exhausted energy experience.People who have burnout will experience physical and psychological discomfort and behavioral obstacles.If they are not treated in time or they will be treated by professionals, they will have unexpected effects.Consequences.The survey shows that teachers, police, medical staff, insurance agents, high-tech researchers, journalists, etc.are at high risk for this type of disease.
Which of the following is most likely to be inferred from the above conditions?
A.Modern people are getting shorter and shorter in job burnout, and some even get tired of work even when they are working.
B.It may be more than a matter of character and ethics for police officers to injure people without cause
C.Practitioners such as teachers, police, journalists, etc.need plenty of energy and good physical fitness
D.Burnout will become the most dangerous of chronic occupational diseases that threaten people's health in modern society

a
The relationship between beer and human health has always been of concern to scientists.Because women's finger bones will first show osteoporosis symptoms, researchers chose to scan their phalanx with ultrasound imaging.The scan results show that women who drink beer often do not Of women have significantly different bone mineral density, the former has a higher bone density than the latter.So researchers believe that beer helps women prevent osteoporosis.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above conclusion?
A.Most women who have the habit of drinking beer like to participate in sports.They are physically strong and their bone density is relatively high.
B.Whether the daidzein contained in beer can effectively prevent bone aging needs further study
C.Alcohol in beer is not conducive to the absorption of calcium, and calcium deficiency can lead to skeletal dysplasia
D.Women who drink 200 ml of beer a day have a higher bone density than women who drink 500 ml of beer a day

b
In recent years, the demand for biofuels has increased rapidly.Global ethanol production tripled between 2000 and 2007, and its output will double again by 2017, and biodiesel production will more than double within 10 years.It is produced by grain, sugar and oil crops such as corn, so the expansion of its output will inevitably lead to soaring prices of related crops.
If the above view is correct, you can deduce:
A.Rising agricultural product prices will lead to lower biofuel production
B.If the price of agricultural products falls, then biofuel production has not increased
C.If the production of biofuels declines, then the price of agricultural products will increase
D.Increased production of biofuels such as ethanol is affected by low agricultural prices

d
A recent study by the Climate Center of the Sichuan Meteorological Bureau concluded that, based on the current general trend of climate change in giant panda habitats, these areas will become increasingly unsuitable for the survival and reproduction of giant pandas in the next 10 to 30 years.The mountain system will become more suitable for the survival of giant pandas due to the increase in temperature and precipitation, and will become a suitable climate zone for giant panda habitats.The sub-suitable areas will shift from southeast to northwest, so giant pandas will migrate to the northwest in the future.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above point?
A.Giant pandas like a humid climate
B."Dry and warm" climate is not conducive to bamboo growth
C.The climate in the Northwest is getting wetter
D.Giant pandas have the ability to migrate

d
Statistics on the number of gas stations owned by a city found that there was not a simple linear relationship between the increase in the total number of gas stations and the total population of the city.The former multiplied by a factor of 0.77 times, for example If the total population of a city increases by 10 times, the total number of gas stations will increase to 0.77 times of 10, which is 5.9 times.If the total population increases 100 times, the total number of gas stations will increase to 0.77 times 100.That's 34.7 times.
Can we infer from this?
A.The growth rate of the number of gas stations may not meet the needs of the doubling urban population
B.If the city's birth rate is less than the death rate, the total number of gas stations will not increase
C.The larger the city, the smaller the increase in the number of gas stations
D.Non-linear relationship between total gas station growth and total population

b
Which of the following three judgments are known to be true: (1) either A is on a business trip, or B is on a business trip, or C is on a business trip; (2) if A is on a business trip, then C is on a business trip; (3) C is unable to leave because of work.
This leads to:
A.A travels but B travels
B.B travels but A travels
C.A travels and B travels
D.A does not travel and B does not travel

d
A magazine agency publishes a list of car sales for that year, and management consulting experts believe that this list should not be the basis for which cars consumers buy.
If the following are true, which of the following can best support the opinions of management consulting experts:
A.People who subscribe to magazines are usually those who have already bought a car
B.Some consumers are dissatisfied with the car they purchased according to the magazine's leaderboard
C.Price, function are important factors that consumers need to consider when buying a car
D.Leaderboards are a means for car manufacturers to advertise

a
A manager asked several employees to cut a 30 cm piece of paper from the wrinkled paper tape, which can only be visually inspected, not measured.Then, each listener was asked to cut 150 cm and 600 cm long.Each piece of paper tape.After everyone cuts, the manager takes out a tape measure, carefully measures each piece of paper and announces the results: a set of 30 cm, the average error is less than 6%, and the average error of the 150 cm set rises to 11% 600 cm group, the average error is as high as 19%, and the individual difference is 100 cm.
This leads to:
A.The smaller the target, the more concentrated it is, and the easier it is to approach the target
B.The larger the goal, the broader it is, and the less likely it is to deviate from it
C.The target size is moderate, and it is easiest to approach the set goal
D.Target size has nothing to do with how close it is

b
Supervision is the regulation and restriction of the microeconomic subject by the government in order to achieve certain public policy objectives under the market economy.It is mainly through the entry, exit, qualification, price, and related to national health and life safety of the subject of specific industries and microeconomic activities., Sustainable development and other activities to monitor and manage to achieve.
According to the above definitions, which of the following are under the supervision of the government?
A.Farmers adjust the types of crops they grow based on market forecasts
B.Food produced by a food factory may contain harmful substances that exceed standards
C.A home appliance company raised the sales price of its products
D.Some residents use government guarantees to buy stocks

b
Underwater cultural heritage refers to the relics of all human beings with a cultural, historical or archeological value that have been located underwater or partly or completely underwater for at least 100 years.
According to the above definition, which of the following is underwater cultural heritage?
A.Great Barrier Reef, the world's largest coral island formed over hundreds of years off the coast of Australia
B.Merchant ship "Taixing" sunk between Sumatra and Java Island in Daoguang Year
C.Dubai's first seven-star tourist hotel built in the sea at the end of the last century
D.Neolithic cultural relics excavated from 10,000 BC to 3300 BC on Crete, Greece

d
White agriculture refers to the development of microbial resource engineering agriculture based on protein engineering, cell engineering, enzyme engineering, and high-tech methods such as genetic engineering.It optimizes the allocation of microbial resources and utilizes the amazing reproduction and production capacity of microorganisms under factory conditions.New agriculture for the production of nutrients and health products for humans, animals and plants.
By definition, Which of the following are white agriculture:
A.Protein feed, straw feed, EP multi-effect biological additive made from various agricultural wastes
B.An agricultural demonstration garden is built with continuous paddy cultivation, pollution-free vegetable production, high-quality rice production and other bases and ecological breeding plants
C.Bacteria, fungi, insect germs and other insecticides, fungicides and herbicides are used in agricultural production
D.Make use of the scientific combination of various technical measures to form a high-efficiency agricultural group where forests are suitable for forests, animals are suitable for animal husbandry, and water is suitable for water

b
Phobia is when a patient has a strong fear of a specific object or situation or when dealing with people, and takes the initiative to avoid it to relieve this anxiety.
Which of the following are phobias:
A.Xiaohong has been afraid of bugs since she was a child.She hides behind her parents as soon as she sees them.Now Xiaohong is 20 years old and still afraid of seeing bugs.She screams when she sees them.
B.The construction worker Xiao Zhang fell from a high fence once and caused a fracture.After he got better, he was afraid to go to a high place and changed his job because of this.He moved his home to the first floor and didn't even watch TV.Shows about aerial work
C.Yu Yanyan is particularly afraid of the dark.When it gets dark, she must hurry home, unless she goes to a night market with a lot of lights.If it needs to be darker, someone must accompany her before he dares to go
D.Liu Liu is a very introverted person.When she sees a stranger, she blushes.If she is heterosexual, she can't even speak, so she is particularly afraid of social occasions.She is so nervous when she organizes activities.

c
Labor dispatch is a new employment model that has emerged in China in recent years.Its object is a new special labor group with high professional technical knowledge, experience and ability that emerges as the times require in a knowledge economy.Invited to flow between different enterprises, industries, and countries.There are various forms of labor dispatch, which can be used for long-term or short-term use by workers, used on weekends, and can also be used for key projects.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are labor dispatch:
A.Xiao Wang works at a technology company in Zhengzhou, and the company sends him to Beijing for half a year to train
B.Li Si works in a restaurant.After four years in the job, he has accumulated enough work experience and decides to resign and open a shop by himself.
C.Zhang San worked for a computer company for 8 years.In October this year, the company abruptly terminated the contract with him, and after a contract was signed by a labor agency and Zhang San, Zhang San returned to work at the computer company.Only his employer changed.Become the labor agency
D.Xiao Zhao, who works at a company, goes to another company to work part-time every Saturday and Sunday.

d
Recoverability evaluation refers to the evaluation of the ability of the current state of the event to return to a basic normal state after the occurrence of the emergency and before the end of emergency management, and the evaluation of the time and resources required to complete the recovery.
According to the above definition, which of the following is recoverability evaluations?
A.Estimated H1N1 influenza vaccine development time
B.After the earthquake, the Ministry of Civil Affairs distributed relief materials to the disaster-stricken areas
C.The superior instructed to resolve the problem of passengers stranded in the car due to heavy snow closure within 48 hours
D.After a major traffic accident, the traffic management department estimates the casualties caused by the traffic accident

b
Corporate ethics refers to the maintenance of social public opinion, traditional habits, and inner convictions in this particular socio-economic organization of an enterprise.Moral principles based on the evaluation of good and evil, the sum of moral norms and moral activities, and The differences can be divided into corporate ethics and employee professional ethics.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is corporate ethics?
A.Enterprise managers strive to strengthen their professional quality and improve staff efficiency through learning
B.For a contract, an enterprise stipulates in a clause that fully complies with the legal procedures of the country, requiring the other company to donate 1.25 million yuan to establish a children's hospital
C.When marketers sell products and services to foreign markets, marketers need to understand the behavior and rules of the host country's culture
D.In commodity marketing negotiations in Europe and the Arab countries, managers have a lot of authority, so negotiations are often conducted at a higher level

d
The right to privacy refers to the right to protect individuals' reputation and image, keep their personal actions and personal materials confidential, and prevent others from being illegally informed, without violating the law.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is privacy rights?
A.The star refuses to disclose to a judicial authority the right to have a close relationship with the suspected embezzlement.
B.The right of the criminal suspect to the judicial authority to protect his conduct at the time of the crime
C.Suspects of corruption suspects' right to keep the source of their income secret to the media
D.Officials' right to the media not recognizing an extramarital relationship with a woman

b
In order to protect the country, the public interest, the person, property, and other legal rights of others or others from ongoing unlawful violations, actions taken to stop unlawful violations that cause damage to unlawful offenders are legitimate defenses and do not bear criminal responsibility.Liability: If the legitimate defense obviously exceeds the necessary limit and causes significant damage, it shall bear criminal liability, but the punishment shall be reduced or exempted.
Based on the above definition, which of the following behaviors is typical of a legitimate defense?
A.A dreams that B chases and kills himself.After waking up, he decides that B wants to kill himself and goes straight to B.Lieutenant General B.
B.A and B fought against each other.B saw that he was weak and ran away.A was desperate in the rear.B reluctantly picked up a stick and injured him when he was unstable.
C.Zhang practiced riding a motorcycle on the school playground and fell because of poor technology.Zhang Mou died after being rescued.
D.One night, Liu met a gangster and robbed a woman's wallet, so Liu hurriedly picked up a brick and threw it over, and accidentally hit the woman's head, causing the woman's brain to be paralyzed.

d
The content of the law of exclusion is that in the same thinking process, two contradictory thoughts on the same object must be true and not false at the same time.The content of the law of contradiction is: in the same thinking process, any one thought You cannot conflict with each other, you cannot affirm an idea on the one hand, and you deny it on the other; because an idea and its negation cannot be true at the same time.
According to the above definition, Which of the following violates the law of the middle row is
A.The suspect's statements in court were contradictory.He first said that the prolongation of all witnesses in the case was credible, and then said that some witnesses' testimonies were untrustworthy.
B.Dean commented on Professor Zhang's age and said, "Professor Zhang is 40 years old, not too young, but of all the professors in this school, Professor Zhang is the youngest."
C.A reporter at a conference to protect the rights of children said that it is wrong to teach children to be self-giving; later, in a lecture for parents, it was wrong to not teach children to be self-giving.
D.They think that socialist consciousness should not be instilled in the minds of young people, but they think it is wrong to deny this statement

d
When the chemical agent VIANZONE is added to any transparent solution containing sodium chloride, the solution will become cloudy; when the chemical agent VIANZONE is added to a transparent solution containing potassium nitrate, the solution will become cloudy; but the chemical agent VIANZONE will not change the content Solution of benzene.In one experiment, the chemical agent VIANZONE was added to a transparent solution, and the solution remained transparent.
Based on the above experiments, it can be inferred which of the following must be true? ?
A.A clear solution contains potassium nitrate
B.Sodium chloride and benzene in a clear solution
C.The clear solution does not contain benzene
D.The clear solution does not contain sodium chloride

c
An expert from the Ministry of Public Security said that the psychological pressure of lying can cause certain physiological changes.With the aid of a polygraph, the physical surface of a liar can be measured, thereby making the polygraph result reliable.
Which of the following statements, if true, would most effectively weaken the argument? ?
A.Polygraph is an instrument that requires frequent maintenance and is prone to failure
B.For some people, lying can only lead to less psychological stress
C.All kinds of psychological stress can cause similar psychological stress
D.Measuring instruments like polygraphs can also be misused and abused

c
In Chinese history, officials usually pay lower salaries, so that the emperor can control him.Because after the salary is low, the officials must be corrupt.The emperor can seize this handle, and if he wants to cure him, if he is high, The emperor will not be able to rule him if officials do not need to be corrupt.
Which of the following statements is the assumption upon which the above argument rests?
A.Forcing officials to embezzle is the stupidest way for emperors to control officials
B.Forcing officials to corruption is the cheapest way for emperors to control officials
C.Forcing officials to corruption is the only way the emperor can control officials
D.Forcing officials to embezzle is the best way for emperors to control officials

b
Naturalists have observed that a group of birds usually has a strict hierarchy.High-ranking birds oppress low-ranking birds.The darker the feathers on the head and the thicker the stripes of the breast feathers, the higher the ranking, and vice versa.Naturalists have also observed that the older the birds, the darker the feathers on their heads, and the thicker the stripes on the breast feathers.This shows that the status of birds in a group is gradually established through long-term common life..
Which of the following, if true, would most effectively weaken the above argument?
A.One cannot identify the position of white swans in the group by the color of the feathers on the head or the stripes of the breast feathers, because the color of the feathers on their heads does not distinguish between light and dark, and the breast feathers have no stripes.
B.People paint the head and breast feathers of a young lower bird with the color and stripes of the higher bird and place it in another group of birds of the same kind.This bird is treated higher in the new group
C.If there is a strict hierarchy in the bird world, their respective status in a group of birds will not be unchanged for the life
D.If there is a strict hierarchy in the bird world, then in a flock of birds, they will also fight to improve their status

a
There are more and more Chinese computer software that can correct the use of vocabulary, grammar, and punctuation.Even journalists who do not have a good foundation in Chinese do not prevent writing.Therefore, schools that train journalists do not need to pay attention to improving students' Chinese ability.Instead, we should focus on the cultivation of other qualities of journalists.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument for the topic? ?
A.Avoiding errors in vocabulary, grammar and punctuation does not necessarily ensure the language quality of the manuscript
B.The journalism curriculum has always emphasized and requires students to be proficient in computers and familiar with various software
C.The more effective the Chinese software, the more likely it is to be pirated
D.At present, most Chinese software is frequently updated, and many people still use the old version.

b
Lighting the mosquito repellent at night was an important cause of family fires in the Longquan Mountains.In recent years, although the number of people using mosquito repellents has decreased significantly, the number of deaths caused by family fires has not shown a decreasing trend.
If the following items are true, can it explain the above situation, except?
A.Compared with other causes of family fires in Longquan Mountain, the damage caused by the fire caused by igniting Artemisia leaves at night is relatively small
B.Fires caused by the lighting of artemisia leaves at night usually occur after family members fall asleep
C.Longquan people have increased awareness of fire prevention caused by igniting artemisia leaves at night, but have not strengthened prevention of other fire hazards
D.With the improvement of living standards, wooden furniture and household appliances have increased in recent years.Once a fire occurs, the fire will be more violent than in the past.

c
The latest research results show that people with lower levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in the blood are more likely to develop memory defects than those with higher levels, and the former is 27% more likely to develop memory defects than the latter.At the same time, high-density lipoproteins Cholesterol can transport blood lipids in blood vessels to the liver for treatment, effectively preventing heart disease and other cardiovascular diseases, while low-density lipoprotein cholesterol will transport blood lipids in the liver to blood vessels, causing disease.
From this, it can be inferred?
A.High cholesterol content is harmful to human health
B.People with lower blood lipids are generally healthier
C.High-density lipoprotein cholesterol can lower blood lipids
D.People with memory deficits have low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in their blood

c
A doctor who has long been engaged in research on drunkenness and alcoholism found that, in general, drunks have a much higher tendency to violence than non-drinkers or moderate drinkers, and based on this, the doctor concluded that people with a tendency to violence are more likely to get drunk.
Which of the following severely weakened the doctor's conclusion?
A.Some people who have never drunk alcohol also have a strong tendency to violence
B.When drinking and drinking addiction, people tend to act out of control and violent
C.Violence is often used to vent grievances when people are drunk
D.When a person is very drunk, he can no longer control his behavior, even if violence occurs, it will not cause serious consequences

c
Professor Zhang: Since the 1980s, the number of spotted owls has fallen sharply and is now in danger of extinction.Timber harvesting companies should be held responsible for this, and the old forest areas they have harvested heavily are owl habitats.The decline in the number of owls cannot be attributed to the timber harvesting company.In the past 30 years, a more fertile striped owl has entered the aged forest area and competed with the striped owl for survival resources.
Which of the following most accurately summarizes Professor Li's rebuttal to Professor Zhang's point of view?
A.Deny the premise of Professor Zhang, this premise is: the timber harvesting company has been logging in the old forest area
B.Questioning Professor Zhang's hypothesis that the owl can only survive in the aged forest area
C.Propose another explanation for the decline in the number of striped owls
D.pointed out that Professor Zhang exaggerated the negative impact of logging in old forest areas

b
No matter from the global scope or the actual situation in China, human civilization has developed to such a stage that protecting the ecological environment and ensuring the harmony between man and nature is a necessary prerequisite for sustainable economic development and human civilization.Guarantee of continuity.
From this we can infer:
A.If the economy is not sustainable, it is not doing a good job in environmental protection
B.Only by doing a good job in environmental protection can we achieve sustainable economic development
C.Even if environmental protection is not done well, sustainable economic development can be achieved
D.Environmental protection can only be done well if sustainable economic development is achieved

a
Wu Xu, Zheng Jie, and Shen Yao plan to visit Nanjing again.The three chose to travel by plane, train, car, or ship, but they did not travel in the same way.If Zheng Jie chose a car, Wu Xu would not.Choose a ship; if Wu Xu chooses a train, Shen Yao doesn't choose an airplane; Shen Yao chooses an airplane, and one of the trains goes.
According to the above statement, which of the following must be wrong?
A.Shen Yao chooses the plane and Zheng Jie chooses the car
B.Shen Yao chooses the plane and Zheng Jie chooses the ship
C.Shen Yao chooses train, Zheng Jie chooses car
D.Shen Yao chooses to train and Zheng Jie chooses plane

a
The substitution effect means that when a certain tax collection and tax rate changes affect relative prices or relative benefits, people choose another consumption or activity to replace the original consumption or activity.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following do not involve substitution effects:
A.After China's accession to the WTO, the tax rate on many imported goods has been reduced, and people are buying more of these goods.
B.After the progressive salary rate is increased, many white-collar workers choose to use rest to replace part of their working hours
C.In 1747, a window tax was levied in Britain.To avoid paying taxes, most people blocked their windows.
D.After the state began to levy taxes on crude oil used in industrial boilers, many enterprises have upgraded their equipment or switched to other raw materials.

b
Symbiotic symbiosis refers to the ecological relationship between two species in the biological world.One organism will benefit from survival because of this relationship.However, the other organism does not receive any benefits in this relationship, but it also does not have Getting harm is just driving the other party to gain benefits.
According to the above definition, Which of the following phenomena belong to the symbiotic symbiosis:
A.Microorganisms are parasitic in the stomach of ruminants and can also help ruminants digest food
B.The catfish has a poor swimming ability, and its back evolves into a suction cup to be absorbed on the shark.As the shark travels around the world, when the shark captures its prey, the catfish steals the remaining food
C.Algae plants grow in the thick hair of the sloth.During the rainy season, the algae flourish and form a green camouflage, making it easier for the sloth to survive in the bushes.
D.Jellyfish prey on conch larvae.After entering the jellyfish's body cavity, the larvae will not be digested, but will gain food and protection.When the larva grows out of the jellyfish body cavity, it will take away a jellyfish breeding body.

a
Non-cause management refers to managing affairs for others without being entrusted and unable to determine or agree on obligations.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not subject to causeless management:
A.At the request of A.B takes his 6-year-old child to the beach to play, and the child accidentally falls into the water, B rescues him
B.A and B are neighbors.A goes out to work.In order to avoid the typhoon's collapse of A's old house, B recruits and repairs the house.
C.Is A's home lost? After B picks up the horse and finds the owner of the horse unsuccessful, he keeps it in his own home.Hou A finds B and retrieves the horse.
D.In the season when the fish raised by A is upright, A suddenly goes out due to urgent matters.B sees that A is not selling the fish he raised.After A returns, deduct the cost of sales and give the remaining money to A.

d
Employee service benefits refer to the various service benefits provided by the company to employees, that is, the company provides benefits to employees in the form of services.Employee service benefits are not very compulsory and there are no legal arguments to follow, so it can be understood as "non-statutory welfare".
According to the above definitions, which of the following is employee service benefits?
A.Pension and unemployment insurance
B.Two weeks paid vacation
C.New employee induction training
D.Career consulting

d
Cartel, a form of monopoly organization, refers to capitalist enterprises in the same production sector.In order to obtain high monopoly profits and strengthen their position in competition, they sign agreements with each other on the sales market, commodity output, and commodity prices, and A monopoly union formed by the exchange of licenses for new technologies.
Which of the following are not cartels?
A.Each producer signs an agreement stipulating the sales market
B.Each producer signs an agreement specifying monopoly prices
C.Each producer signs an agreement stipulating a certain quantity of goods to be produced and sold, and requires each participant to comply
D.Due to cost accounting, businesses have stopped discounting competition

a
Price demand elasticity: refers to the degree of response or sensitivity of demand to price changes, and its size is expressed by the coefficient Ep = absolute value of change in demand (%) ÷ price change (%).
Based on the above definition, which of the following statements is true?
A.When the price elasticity of demand Ep> 1, it means that a change in price will cause a large change in demand
B.When Ep = 1, it shows that the impact of price changes on changes in demand is small, so it can be sold at as high prices as possible
The size of C.Ep actually reflects the sensitivity of demand to cost changes
D.According to the law of supply and demand, there can be no products with Ep <1

b
Green management is the integration of the concept of environmental protection into the operation and management of an enterprise.It involves all levels, fields, aspects, and processes of enterprise management.It requires that environmental protection is always considered in the operation and management of the enterprise and reflects green.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is that are not green management?
A.Reduce pollution emissions
B.Greening the factory environment
C.Procurement of environmental protection equipment
D.Research on energy-saving technologies

c
Financial supervision: refers to the financial management department of a country in order to achieve currency stability, maintain the normal order of the financial industry, etc., in accordance with the provisions of national laws and administrative regulations, external supervision of financial institutions and their business activities, inspections and conduct of their illegal acts A series of penalties.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is financial regulatory acts?
A.After receiving reports from the masses, a reporter from the TV station conducted a secret interview on the service of a bank
B.The China Banking Regulatory Commission comprehensively cleaned up the banking regulatory rules and regulatory documents, and announced the results of the cleanup to the public in July 2007.
C.Hunan Provincial Banking Regulatory Bureau urges banking financial institutions within its jurisdiction to take concrete measures to support agricultural capital departments to stabilize market supply and ensure spring farming
D.The China Securities Regulatory Commission requires the majority of auditing cadres to effectively implement the policy of "timely discovery, timely deterrence, and timely investigation and punishment", and strengthen securities enforcement.

c
Organizational structure design refers to the design and redesign of organizational activities and organizational structures during the establishment or transformation of an organization.It is an activity to effectively combine and coordinate tasks, processes, powers and responsibilities.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is organizational design?
A.Mass layoffs due to economic crisis in a group
B.A company's R & D team has recently changed its name to R & D Center
C.The sixth institutional reform of the State Council
D.The number of chain stores doubled after the expansion of a hot pot restaurant

d
Group myth refers to the fact that in the process of group decision-making, group members are actively pursuing the harmony and consensus of the group under the collective spirit, but they ignore the true decision-making purpose of the group and cannot make accurate judgments.
According to the above definition, which of the following is group myths?
A.Xiao Wang, who has just graduated, has some unique characteristics and everyone in the office is crowded out.
B.A company caused a huge loss due to the president's wrong acquisition decision
C.At the workers' meeting, all workers unanimously demanded wage increases and threatened to strike
D.The president is regarded as a god, and different correct opinions at the meeting are suppressed

d
The enterprise dynamic mechanism refers to enabling enterprises and employees to have due benefits and being responsible, and using benefits to motivate employees to combine the realization of corporate goals and the enthusiasm of the owners of the enterprise to form a huge driving force for enterprise development.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is that is not part of the dynamic mechanism of the enterprise?
A.Sales performance commission
B.Equity incentive policy
C.Outstanding employee recognition
D.Last Elimination Mechanism

c
Partially general: refers to a kind of conclusion that is based on the investigation of a few non-typical objects in the application of inductive reasoning, and even ignores the existence of counterexamples, and treats this conclusion as a reliable conclusion logical error.
Isn't a partial error made in the following inferences?
A.Based on the fact that Zhang, Wang, Li and other businessmen have evaded taxes and evaded taxes, someone concludes that "No one businessman does not evade taxes."
B.A.B, and C are very poor.After joining the MLM organization, they quickly got rid of poverty and built a new house.Therefore, engaging in MLM can make people rich quickly.
C.The sum of the three internal angles of a right triangle, an acute triangle, and an obtuse triangle is 180 degrees, so the sum of the internal angles of any triangle is 180 degrees
D.American Thomson and his son both won the Nobel Prize in Physics, Madame Curie and her daughter in France won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Olle of Sweden won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, and his son won the Nobel Prize in Physiology It can be seen that the children of the Van Nobel Prize winners will also receive Nobel Prizes.

a
Solid waste pollution refers to the phenomenon of improper disposal of solid waste into the environment, leading to endanger human health or property safety, as well as damage to the ecosystem and cause deterioration of environmental quality.
Which of the following are not polluted by solid waste?
A.Factory A illegally discharges sewage into the Han River
B.Clinic did not dispose of the used disposable syringes according to the regulations, but was randomly thrown on the roadside, picked up by a few three-year-olds, and accidentally scratched their fingers to infect them.
C.White disposable lunch boxes on both sides of the railway
D.The uranium used in a university physics laboratory was not buried, and was found by a ragged person who died three weeks later

d
The deposit is a party that signs the contract.In order to prove the establishment of the contract and the performance of the guarantee contract, it must be paid in advance to the other party within the amount that should be paid in accordance with legal provisions or agreements.
According to the above definition, which of the following situations is a deposit?
A.Lee was in the steel business.During this time, steel was very tight.The material company also required cash to pick up the goods, and the payment was unavailable at the time.This time he wanted to buy 5 tons of rebar, and he paid according to the price.14,000 yuan, and he didn't get the steel he needed until a month later
B.Fengqi Company of Qiqihar City ordered 38 tons of beef from Inner Mongolia Shenda Company.Due to the large trading volume, Shenda is a small company with insufficient working capital.It is difficult to acquire the required amount of beef.In order to complete the business as soon as possible, Fenghua Company paid 50,000 yuan in advance to Shenda Company.
C.Changhai Company signed a contract with Zhiming Oil Factory for the production and sale of salad oil.The contract stipulated that Zhiming Oil Factory should supply 80 tons of high-quality salad oil to Changhai Company within 5 months after the contract was signed.During this period, Zhiming Oil Factory A mechanical accident occurred, causing the plant to stop production for 3 months.Due to the inability to deliver on time, the Zhiming Oil Plant compensated Changhai Company 30,000 yuan according to the contract.
D.The Deputy General Manager of Antai Trading Company signed a contract for the purchase and sale of linen silk with a printing and dyeing factory at an ordering meeting, with a total contract value of 7.8 million yuan.According to the agreement between the two parties, the printing and dyeing factory should be based on 20% of the contract amount.Antai Trading Co., Ltd.was paid 1.56 million yuan as a sincerity to perform the contract, but the printing and dyeing plant was very tight.It couldn't take out so much money for a while, and paid 1 million yuan.

c
Spring and Autumn Judgment: refers to the use of Confucian classics as the basis for conviction and sentencing in the process of trials in the Han Dynasty.
Which of the following fits this definition?
A.Zhang Tang pleaded not guilty on the basis of the Tao Te Ching in the trial of a homicide
B.When Zhao Yu was trying a theft case, in order to strengthen the deterrent power of punishment, he did not quote Han law, but directly used a word in Mencius as the basis for the case.
C.When Dong Zhongshu was trying the case of the son's attempt to kill his father, because Han law did not stipulate an attempt, he quoted the book "Spring and Autumn" to make a judgment.
D.Bian Du used the theory in The Golden Mean to manage Yanmenyi and achieved great success

b
Emotional motivation method: It is a management incentive method that stimulates the enthusiasm of the managed person through good emotional relationships, so as to improve work efficiency.
Which of the following is an emotional motivation effect?
A.An employee who was suspected of charging a customer benefit fee and was ordered to reflect on his post, was sad
B.The employees' thoughts and behaviors are praised by the leaders, and they have a feeling of persistence
C.An employee feels helpless because he was accused of being a manager at the conference, being satired, cracked down, and retaliated against
D.The manager's office decides that employees will not be allowed to talk about housework in the company in the future

d
Romanticism: It is a creative technique that uses rich imagination, unrestrained feelings, strange exaggeration, and magnificent rhetoric to describe the ideal life scene.
Based on the above definitions, are the following works not romantic works?
A.Journey to the West by Wu Chengen
B.Pu Songling's novel "Liao Zhai Zhi Yi" depicts many beautiful fox fairy
C.Li Bai's poem "Sleeping through the sky, moaning and staying away" describes a strange fairy world
D.Lao She's "Camel Xiangzi", "Tea House" and other works describe the lives of lower-class people in the old era of Beijing

c
Legal shift, that is, certain factors of the legal system of one country are imported from the legal system of another country or "legal groups" in many countries.
Which of the following are legally transferred?
A.China's Criminal Procedure Law Absorbed the "Different and Differential Investigation" System in the Song Dynasty
B.German Civil Law's Inheritance and Development of the "Contractual Relationship" in the Civil Law Thought of the Country
C.Japanese Civil Law's Adoption of Certain Excellent Institutional Models in German Civil Law
D.The "Judicial Aid" System Adopted by Mainland China Based on Its National Conditions

b
There are various earthquake predictions, but no country has been able to predict earthquakes with extreme accuracy.
Does this mean?
A.The earthquake is mysterious and elusive
B.Seismic changes are unpredictable, and existing technologies cannot accurately predict their occurrence trends
C.Equipment is too backward
D.People are too stupid

c
The six faces of a cube have different colors, and they can only be six colors: red, yellow, green, blue, black, and white.If it meets: ① the opposite side of red is black, ② blue and The three conditions of white adjacent, ③ yellow and blue adjacent,
Then the following conclusion is wrong:
A.Red is adjacent to blue
B.Opposite blue is green
C.Yellow is adjacent to the white
D.Black is adjacent to green

d
Poetry can be described as a form of condensing many ideas into a few languages, but poets usually do not accept such a definition of poetry.
therefore:
A.The poet usually refuses to explain his work
B.Poems are hard to write
C.The world can be united in poetry
D.Even the most concise description is not necessarily the definition

b
From the perspective of humor, it is a distortion of the general logic of things, but it must be a conscious rational reversal.It cannot be separated from the normal thinking and healthy psychology of human beings, so humor is a reflection of human healthy psychology.
Based on the above statement, one of the following conclusions can be derived:
A.The essence of humor is to connect irrelevant things and make them logically confused to produce comedic effects.
B.The logic involved in humor is often different from normal logic
C.Humor must be rich in association
D.Human normal thinking and healthy mentality constitute a sufficient condition for humor

b
The world view and life view are people's fundamental views on the entire world and life.The life view is an important part of the world view and is the performance of the world view on life issues.It mainly answers the value of life, what its purpose is, and how people should spend their lives.In life, you should make yourself a question of what kind of person you are.
so:
A.What kind of outlook on life has what kind of life path and life destination
B.A person's outlook on life is determined by his worldview
C.Everyone should know why they are alive
D.The core issue of the outlook on life is how to deal with the relationship between public and private

b
Faraday, a famous French scientist in modern times, discovered the law of electromagnetic induction.However, because he could not express it in the most scientific and strict language, he had not been recognized by the scientific community.It was not until Maxwell expressed this law completely that it became official.Acknowledge.
From this we can infer:
A.Maxwell is smarter than Faraday
B.Language skills are important
C.Scientific language is the strictest and most scientific
D.As long as a person has strong expression skills, he can win people's recognition

c
In the past, scholars including Freud, Piaget, and other research on thinking were mostly single, static, and metaphysical.Therefore, it was not enough to become a "qualified science." One of the eight major problems not covered by the Nobel Prize, and the publication of Tao Tong's `` Great Wisdom '' can be said to have taken an important step in attacking this world's difficult problem.
this means:
A.This world problem has been overcome
B.Freud and Piaget's research is unscientific
C.Research on human mental growth is difficult
D.Tao Tong's "Great Wisdom" is a qualified science

c
Tea acid and calcium gluconate in calcium tablets are easily twisted in the gastrointestinal tract, and the calcium calcium can not be absorbed by the small intestine.
This means taking tea after taking calcium tablets when you want to add calcium:
A.is very good
B.Good for digestion
C.useless
D.is a last resort

a
In the early 1990s, stock prices skyrocketed due to large crowds of social hot money.Some issued prices that year were more than ten times the face value, and then the stock market prices fluctuated when social hot money turned to real estate.
The correct conclusion that can be drawn from this is:
A.The flow of social hot money has a great impact on the stock market
B.The stock market depends on speculation
C.Real estate is easier to make money than the stock market
D.Stock market conditions will improve

c
It is true that the West is a showcase for the achievements of many civilizations of mankind, and some values are footnotes of human feats, such as belief in scientific experiments, will to challenge hypotheses.But the superstition of practicing these values will lead to a unique blindness; unable to Understanding some of the values embedded in it may be harmful.But to see this clearly, one must stand outside the West, the so-called "authority fan, bystander Qing".
this means:
A.Western values have come to an end
B.Western values are superior to those of other civilizations
C.Only by starting with the values and perspectives of non-Western civilization can we really understand the problem of Western values
D.Non-Western values are superior to Western values

b
The human brain as the "ontology" of consciousness must be the real human brain; the real human brain always grows on the real human; and the real human is always in a certain social relationship.
From this we can infer:
A.Man itself is the real substance of consciousness
B.Social relations are the real substance of consciousness
C.The human brain is the real substance of consciousness
D.Consciousness has no real ontology

c
Individuals always live in certain institutional arrangements.Most of the traditional Chinese Confucian institutional arrangements are informal, emphasizing the internalization process of behavior rules, not paying attention to external coercive constraints, and have higher flexibility.
therefore:
A.Confucianism is modern
B.Under the arrangement of the Confucian system, individuals can do whatever they want, without restriction
C.Under the Confucian institutional arrangement, individuals can flexibly adjust their own rules of behavior with their own understanding of the rules of the system
D.Under the Confucian institutional arrangement, individuals can obtain the greatest freedom

a
Now brain researchers start to think of the brain as a kind of hologram.Hologram is a new method of photography.In any part of the hologram, it contains the information of the entire hologram and shows a Very realistic, three-dimensional image.For example, if you smash a hologram about the table, you can find that the image displayed on each fragment is not a part of the table but the entire table.
this means:
A.The brain works in a holistic manner
B.The brain is spherical
C.There are still images after the brain is broken
D.The brain is a new method of photography

c
For most things, the higher the temperature, the faster the dissolution, but for salt, the temperature has increased and the solubility has not changed much.
therefore:
A.It is wise to dissolve salt in hot water
B.Only by stirring can the salt melt faster
C.Dissolving table salt with hot water is not superior
D.Water temperature is critical to the dissolution of table salt

b
Technology diffusion is the application and promotion of innovative technologies in other economic fields and a larger geographical space.From a geographic perspective, technology diffusion is the spatial flow and transfer of technology..
According to the above definitions, which of the following is technology diffusions?
A.Multiple pharmaceutical factories in a province use the same long-recognized formula to produce a drug
B.City A has developed its own characteristic industry by drawing on the innovative industry technology of City B
C.A company's production creative cup is applied by a foreign artist to his artistic creation
D.Employees of a company's R & D department leak core R & D secrets to the company's competitors

b
Distributive justice is fairness in the field of distribution.It refers to the fair distribution of objects in accordance with certain standards and the reasonable acquisition of the objects to be distributed, that is, "getting what they deserve." It is the embodiment of justice in the field of distribution.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is the following that does not belong to distributive justice?
A.A gets more pay for working overtime longer than B
B.Elderly and children are given priority in food and water during disaster relief
C.In a three-person startup team, A gets the most returns because of the investment
D.All employees of a company have the same opportunity to work for the same project to obtain benefits

a
There are two green areas in a unit, male and northern, and some fruit trees are planned to be planted in it.The staff recommends four types of fruit trees as alternatives: apricot, peach, apple, and persimmon.According to the actual situation, Which of the following three planting requirements need to be met : (1) Plant 3 kinds of fruit trees in each zone; (2) At least one apricot tree and apple should be planted in at least one green area; (3) Persimmons should also be planted in the green area where peach trees are planted.
What must be wrong in the following options?
A.Both areas have peach trees
B.Apples are grown in both districts
C.Only one area has apricot trees
D.Only one area has apples

d
A unit proposes three options of energy saving, emission reduction A.B, and C.Among them, employee C who chooses to drive to work chooses solution C, and employees who take the subway to work chooses solution B.None of the employees who take the bus to work choose solution C None of the employees who take the subway have a driver's license, and Mr.Wang does not have a driver's license when he goes to work by bus.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Mr.Wang chose Option B
B.None of the employees who choose Plan B have a driver's license
C.Those who choose to go to work by bus and have a driver's license
D.Employees who take the bus to work may choose option A

c
As an edible sugar, fructose has been widely used in the food processing industry.Fructose stays in the blood after entering human cells, and its metabolic pathway in the human body is not related to insulin, and human intake does not cause blood sugar and insulin levels.Therefore, fructose has a smaller effect on glucose in patients with diabetes than glucose, and diabetes patients do not increase their blood glucose significantly after ingesting fructose.Therefore, fructose is a sugar that is good for health.
If the following are true, which of the following can't weaken the above conclusion?
A.In people with high fructose intake, the incidence of obesity and obesity-related diseases is significantly higher and average.
B.Fructose enters the body and is more easily converted into triglycerides than glucose, eventually producing more fat and accumulating in the internal organs
C.Fructose is hydrolyzed from starch.Starch first breaks down into glucose and then transforms the mixture of fructose and glucose, so fructose does not come from fruits.
D.Long-term intake of large amounts of fructose can lead to increased insulin resistance, which is thought to reduce the sensitivity of insulin to changes in blood glucose, and in severe cases can lead to diabetes

a
Prior to the London Olympics, in order to effectively improve air quality in London, the mayor of London and member of the Olympic Committee, Boris Johnson, announced that large trucks and light buses must meet low-emission zone standards by January 2012.It was originally included in low-emission zones since October 2010.If it does not meet the emission standards, a fine must be paid.This shows that the biggest cause of pollution in London is the amount of pollution emitted by traffic.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above judgment?
A.The biggest pollution problem in London is air pollution, and the pollutants in the air mainly come from the emissions of traffic flow
B.Since the turn of the 2000s, London has not seen any innovation or progress in limiting vehicle emissions, and urban air quality has also been poor
C.The generation of pollutants comes from the direct discharge of pollution on the one hand, and from the weather on the other, because we cannot control the weather, we can only control the amount of pollution emitted.
D.The huge amount of traffic is the main reason for the two major pollution sources (particulate matter and nitrogen dioxide) in the city.A diesel car produces much more pollution than a gasoline car, and London and many vehicles are powered by diesel.

a
A sufficient condition refers to a relationship between two sentences.If one sentence is true, then the other sentence must be true, and the previous sentence is said to be a sufficient condition for the next sentence.
Which of the following two sentences, the previous sentence is a sufficient condition for the next sentence?
A.There is a number that is divisible by 4 and there is a number that is divisible by 2.
B.The earth is orbiting the sun, and the moon is a satellite of the earth
C.Cao Cao is Cao Zhi's father, Cao Yu and Cao Zhi are brothers
D.Jiangsu is to the east of Anhui and Shanghai is an international metropolis

c
Projection refers to the subjective perception that people have similar personalities, preferences, opinions, etc.in the cognitive process.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are projections:
A.Love House and Black
B.Everyone does not talk about human affairs, but there is nothing in the human world
C.The gentleman's belly with a villain's heart
D.Life as a hero, death as a ghost

c
The crime of fraud refers to the act of defrauding a large amount of public and private finance by using falsified facts or concealing the truth for the purpose of illegal possession.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are crimes of fraud:
A.Zhang used a fake certificate of a famous university degree to deceive the employer and become a financial director, responsible for the transaction of hundreds of millions of yuan of funds
B.For selling a copycat mobile phone, Lee advertised a picture of a brand-name mobile phone at the back of the store and made tens of thousands of yuan in a month.
C.Married woman Wang lied that she was unmarried, and claimed that she had asked tens of thousands of yuan for a gift from a single man after she got married.
D.Sun's company was run poorly and was heavily in debt.Hundreds of customers lost millions of dollars in order to avoid debt.

b
The substitution effect means that after the price of a commodity rises, consumers switch to other commodities to meet their needs; when the price of a commodity falls, consumers will use that commodity to replace other commodities to meet demand.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following statements are incorrect:
A.The price of goods is directly related to sales
B.Consumers mostly choose products based on price rather than demand
C.Multiple products can meet the same needs of consumers
D.The price of goods and the relationship between supply and demand are dynamically changing

d
Gravity erosion refers to a series of phenomena mainly under the action of gravity, a single falling rock, detrital flow or a whole soil.The rock mass moves downward along the slope.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following statements are true:
A.The desert areas of Xinjiang, China, are mainly formed by gravity erosion
B.There are many famous underground caves in Guangxi, China.Underground caves are mainly formed by gravity erosion.
C.A county is facing the sea, and there are many weird reefs along the coast.These reefs are formed by gravity erosion.
D.Landslides occur in a place, and gravity erosion is the main cause of landslide formation

d
Biofuels generally refer to solid, liquid or gaseous fuels extracted from biomass.Biomass refers to various organisms produced through photosynthesis using the atmosphere, water, land, etc., that is, all living and growing organic substances.Including plants, animals and microorganisms.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as biofuels:
A.Vehicle ethanol after corn processing
B.The fuel generated from genetically modified E.coli
C.Biogas from anaerobic fermentation of crops
D.Soy capable of refining biodiesel

d
Many parts used in the MiG-25 jet fighter developed and produced by the former Soviet Union are far behind compared with other fighters, but their overall combat performance has reached or even surpassed fighters produced by other countries in the same period.In the design, the company considered a more coordinated combination design of each component, making the aircraft a world-class fighter at the time in terms of lifting, speed, and stress response.This idea resulted from the combination and coordination.The unexpected effect, later generations called it "Mig-25 effect"
According to the above definitions, Which of the following meet the "Mig-25 effect":
A.The research level of scientific researchers determines the ability of scientific research institutions
B.A youth team defeated the All-Star Alliance under the leadership of an experienced coach
C.How much water a wooden barrel holds depends on the shortest plank on the barrel wall
D.In the battle of the Giant Deer, Xiang Yu led 20,000 soldiers to wipe out 300,000 soldiers with the determination to fight the Qin Army.

d
Reverse formation means that when an individual's desires and motivations are not accepted by his own consciousness or society, he suppresses them to the subconscious, and then displays the opposite behavior in external behavior.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are formed in reverse:
A.Xiaomei is losing weight recently.She is worried that she won't be able to control herself in the face of the temptation of food.
B.Tintin, 5 years old, is particularly fond of sugar.His mother repeatedly warned him that sugar can cause tooth decay.Later, when Tintin went to the supermarket, he always pointed at sugar and said, "Eating sugar can cause tooth decay."
C.Xiao Zhang has been an introverted and shy child since he was a child.After college, he consciously trained himself, often took the initiative to speak in class, and also joined the student society.
D.Manager Ma does not like Xiao Wang, but he knows that employees should be treated equally, so he repeatedly told himself not to show it, after a period of time, he has been able to treat Xiao Wang as usual

d
The crime of causing traffic accidents refers to the act of violating transportation management regulations, resulting in a serious accident that causes serious injuries, deaths, or significant losses of public and private property.This crime manifests itself in negligence, including negligent negligence and overconfidence.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are in line with the crimes of traffic accidents:
A.The driver of the motor vehicle is driving at a high speed, and when the red light is too late, the brake hits a normal car in front, causing the driver of the car to bleed and bleed.
B.Bus driver B has a hatred for society.He drove a red light bus full of passengers one day and rushed to the people who were crossing the roadside, causing serious injuries and death.
C.Driver C of a motor vehicle.When driving on a highway, the steering wheel suddenly failed, hitting a nearby car, causing the car to crash into a highway fence, killing three drivers and passengers.
D.A school bus driver Ding Mo driving an overloaded school bus and encountered a speeding truck while driving, avoiding the school bus to roll over, causing serious injuries to many students

c
Watching total solar eclipse is to wear professional glasses.Yongkang brand and moderate brand eclipse glasses use the same quality lenses.Because the price of Yongkang brand eclipse glasses is lower, when you buy Yongkang brand instead of moderate brand eclipse glasses, I bought glasses with the same viewing effect at a lower price.
Which of the following, if true, is a prerequisite for the above conclusion?
A.The price of eclipse glasses mainly depends on the price of the lenses
B.These two are less expensive than other brands on the market
C.The viewing effect of eclipse glasses is determined only by the quality of the lenses
D.Yongkang eclipse glasses sell more than moderate eclipse glasses

a
According to a scientific report from the University of Southern California, they implanted electrodes in the hippocampus of the experimental mouse brain, trained them to perform a series of lever operations and gave corresponding rewards, and recorded the brain activity of the experimental mouse through the electrode.Signed research shows that the hippocampus can convert short-term memory into long-term memory.Scientists then injected a substance into the hippocampus of the experimental rat to block neural signals related to long-term memory.Observation showed that this made the experimental rat forget the experience However, when researchers used electrodes to input signals to the brain of the experimental mouse to simulate brain activity during training, the experimental mouse temporarily remembered the correct sequence of operations.But if the input was a scrambled signal , There is no such effect.
Which of the following inferences are correct:
A.If the hippocampus of the experimental rat brain is damaged, it will not be able to remember what has just been learned
B.Input a specific sequence of electrical signals to the brain, which can restore lost memories for experimental mice
C.Entering a specific signal of a job editing process into the brain can let people automatically learn the job
D.The process of experimental rats learning the lever operation is the process of processing and transmitting neural signals in the hippocampus

a
The UEFA Champions League has entered the semi-final stage: La Liga's "Bay" team against the Premier League's "Qi" team, and La Liga's "Pak" team against the Bundesliga "Die" team.Before the game, Xiao Qiao predicts: the champion can only be in the two teams Produced; Xiao Zhou predicts: "Bei" and "Qi" both teams can only get the runner-up at most.After the match, it was proved that their predictions were incorrect.
It can be concluded from this that the team that won the championship is:
A.Premier League
B.Bundesliga
C."Shell" team
D."Qi" team

b
The travel agency has just booked air tickets for three passengers: Dutch Phoebe, Canadian Eto and British Denver.The three of them traveled to the Netherlands, one to Canada, and one to the UK.It is reported that Phoebe does not intend to To the Netherlands, Denver does not plan to go to the UK, and Eto does not go to Canada or the UK.
From this we can infer:
A.Eto's to the Netherlands, Denver to the UK, Phoebe to Canada
B.Elto goes to the Netherlands, Denver, Canada, and Phoebe to the UK
C.Elto to England, Denver to Holland, Phoebe to Canada
D.Elto goes to Canada, Denver goes to Britain, Phoebe goes to the Netherlands

b
A recent survey by the tax bureau of a city showed that locals accounted for more than 80% of the self-employed households that paid the most taxes last year, which fully shows that foreigners are generally not as good at doing business like locals.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Among the self-employed households in this city, foreigners account for 35%
B.90% of local self-employed households
C.Outsiders accounted for 25% of the city's low-income population
D.The proportion of foreigners in the city's total population is 30% higher

b
The researchers analyzed the residual strontium in the tooth fossils of human ancestors and found that there were differences in the living patterns of men and women in that period, that is, half of the female ancient apes came from far away, and the male ancient apes grew up locally.Of the female, ancient apes will leave the place of birth to mate elsewhere, and the male ancient apes will stay in the place of growth.One possible explanation for the researchers is that related male animals can better protect them from invasion in the field.And that's forcing males to become more dispersed.
Which of the following, if true, would best support this view?
A.The strontium content in foods that human ancestors routinely consumed is often high
B.The dental composition reflects the geographical environment of the area where teeth help people live
C.Large mammals need to avoid inbreeding during evolution and reproduction
D.The early natural environment was harsh and human ancestors could only survive in gregarious communities

c
In recent years, in order to avoid traffic accidents, a city ’s transportation authority has strengthened publicity on traffic safety.Statistics show that before 2008, the city ’s traffic killed more than 1,000 people each year, and from 2008, the number of deaths in traffic accidents was controlled at about 1,000 people, the number of accident deaths in 2008 was 921; the deaths in 2009 were 738; the deaths in 2010 were 569.From this we conclude that as long as the publicity of traffic safety is strengthened, traffic accidents can be effectively reduced.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.In recent years, transportation authorities have conducted one-week traffic safety education in all primary and secondary schools.They introduced traffic safety knowledge to elementary and middle school students through picture display, distribution of brochures and other methods.
B.In recent years, the existence of hidden dangers in traffic safety has caused the attention of relevant departments.The state has invested a lot of funds to renovate or re-plan road traffic facilities in dangerous locations.
C.In recent years, due to the severe traffic congestion during the rush to work,
D.Since restaurant driving is the main cause of traffic accidents and deaths, it should be from 2008.The "Drunk Driving Penalty Regulations" were introduced, which increased the punishment for drunk driving.

c
The modernization of each country in the West has its own characteristics.Many Chinese things have their own traditions, which are very different from the West.
From this we can infer:
A.China does not need to learn from foreign countries
B.China's modernization will happen spontaneously
C.China's modernization characteristics are clearly different from western modernization characteristics
D.There is no contradiction between Chinese tradition and modernization

c
To investigate the relationship between sleep and memory, the researchers conducted the following research.They performed sleep and memory tests on 21-year-olds and 75-year-olds.They performed word memory tests on subjects before falling asleep at night.It shows that the word memory performance of the elderly is about 25% worse than that of young people.During sleep, the researchers used the electroencephalograph to test the subject's sleep and brain wave activity.The elderly had slower-wave sleep than younger ones.The average person is 75% less.On the day after 8 hours of sleep, the researchers again tested the memory of the words before the day.The results showed that the word memory performance of the elderly the next day was 55% worse than that of young people.Therefore, the researchers believe that the slower Reduced wave sleep time is the key to affecting older people's memory.
Which of the following, if true, can challenge the above view?
A.The change of sleep quality depends not only on the length of Mambo sleep, but also on the length of fast wave sleep
B.Slow-wave sleep can help transfer newly acquired information from the hippocampal region of short-term memory to the prefrontal cortex of long-term memory
C.Most elderly people have impaired brain function and memory, and it is difficult to improve memory even if they prolong slow wave sleep
D.In the experiment, some elderly people in the slow-wave sleep period remembered more words than teachers with longer-wave sleep time.

b
There are four orchards of A.B, C, and D.Among them, all kinds of fruit trees in country A can be found in Yiyuan.The types of fruit trees in Bingyuan include all types of fruit trees in Bingyuan, and some fruit trees in Bingyuan also have Planting,
then:
A.Some fruit trees in Jiayuan can be found in Dingyuan
B.All fruit trees in Jiayuan can be found in Bingyuan
C.All fruit trees in Ding Yuan can be found in Yi Yuan
D.Some fruit trees in Yiyuan can be found in Dingyuan

d
Attention is the direction and concentration of a certain object by mental activity or consciousness.Casual attention refers to the attention that has a predetermined purpose in advance and requires a certain will and effort.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is?
A.The colorful neon lights on the noisy pedestrian street attracted the attention of Uncle Zhou
B.Yu Xiaojun once heard "Blue Danube" by chance, and then fell in love with classical music
C.A little girl in the quiet library suddenly cried and caught Huang Xiaohong's attention
D.In order to explore the law of pendulum phenomenon, Galileo watches the chandeliers swing in the breeze

b
Micro donation refers to a kind of charity behavior in which people donate accumulated and scattered money.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is not a micro donation?
A.The owner of a store put a small change donation box in front of the counter, and donated the money in the box to the Red Cross every year.
B.Xiao Li has been insisting on donating blood twice a year, 300 ml each time, and he thinks it makes sense to do so.
C.College student Zhang Zhang is doing part-time work in his spare time.Part of the money received is used to pay tuition and part is donated to Hope Project.
D.Xiao Mao donated 5,000 yuan of lunar new year money that he had accumulated over the years in a donation activity of a TV station

c
A negative concept is a concept that reflects that an object does not have a certain property.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is negative concepts?
A.Minors
B.Intangible assets
C.Liabilities
D.Innocence

a
Opportunity cost, also known as alternative cost.Any decision must make a certain choice, and the highest value in the choice that is discarded is the opportunity cost of this decision.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is that is not opportunity costs?
A.Xiao Li rented out his free house to his classmate Xiao Sun
B.Zhao spent all his holidays studying in the library and didn't go out to play
C.Xiao Wang did not report to the university after receiving the admission notice, but chose to work in Guangzhou
D.Boss Qian closed his garment processing factory and bought all the money to buy a commercial house in anticipation of appreciation.

d
The crime of retaliation and framing refers to the acts of abusing powers of state officials, false public benefit, and the practice of retaliating against the accuser, complainant, critic, and whistleblower.
According to the above definition, which of the following is crimes of retaliation?
A.Li, the director of the Municipal Party Committee Office, was reported by his subordinates to accept corruption and bribery, and hated him, and hired thugs to retaliate against him.
B.Zhang Xiaochuan, the chairman of the board of directors of the school, suspects that the dean of a college has reported his academic fraud, so that he can use the power of the board to remove the dean.
C.Police Wang's family was threatened by the underworld member Sun.Wang successfully arrested Sun and beat him.
D.Director of the Security Bureau, Xiao Li, reported that Director Wang had committed fraud for personal gain.

c
Directional thinking refers to the process of thinking activities based on the direction, method or procedure formed based on previous knowledge and experience, as opposed to divergent thinking.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not directed thinking?
A.The clothes are torn and I want to sew them with a sewing kit
B.When I see a pigtailed person, I conclude that the person is female
C.Run out of cups, use bowls instead of cups to drink water
D.Beijing's peach blossoms are blooming, so spring is here

d
The environmental protection industry is a general term for technological development, product production, commercial circulation, resource utilization, information services, technical consulting, engineering contracting and other activities carried out in the national economic structure for the purpose of preventing and controlling environmental pollution, improving the ecological environment, and protecting natural resources.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not in the environmental protection industry?
A.An enterprise cooperates with well-known foreign environmental protection companies to focus on the research and development of heavy metal wastewater treatment equipment
B.An environmental protection technical college establishes an information consultation center to provide enterprises with pollution prevention technology consultation
C.A large mining company newly established a comprehensive recycling company for comprehensive utilization of tailings
D.In order to improve product quality, a green food production company has standardized quality standards and production technology processes

b
Documentary evidence refers to evidence that proves the facts of a case by recording content or expressing ideas.
According to the above definition, which of the following is documentary evidence?
A.The heavy dictionary used by the killer to smash the victim's head
B.Identification of minor injuries issued by a hospital designated by the judiciary
C.Write the abbreviation of the murderer's name on the ground with blood before the dead
D.Diary left by the deceased at the scene of the accident

a
Abstract administrative behavior refers to the behavior of a general binding decision and order made by an administrative agency for an unspecified object.
According to the above definition, which of the following is abstract administrative acts?
A.A city government has introduced traffic control measures for vehicles that are restricted by tail number.
B.The natural gas company stipulates that users who want to install natural gas must purchase "Tianfei" brand cookers
C.One night, the traffic police department concentrated on drunk driving and punished dozens of drivers
D.A city planning bureau approves a real estate development company to build a commercial house

d
The modification of possession means that when the right to the movable property is transferred, and the two parties have agreed that the transferor will continue to possess the movable property, the real right will become effective when the transfer agreement becomes effective.
According to the above definition, which of the following is changes in possession?
A.A sells the furniture he leased to B, but because the lease period has not expired, the furniture cannot be recovered for the time being, A transfers the right to return the furniture to B
B.The mall staff accidentally broke the camera rented by the TV station during use.The mall purchased the camera at the original price.
C.A sells his house to Tenant B, and completes the transfer formalities.Because B went back to his home to handle the matter, he did not check in temporarily, so A continued to live in the changed house.
D.A sells all of his own set of books to B.When delivering the book, A still wants to see it for a while, and then reaches an agreement with B, borrowing the book for 15 days, B agrees

a
Singing and dancing are a common phenomenon among all human clan tribes, and the great advantage it has created is to enable the population to maintain unity, resolve various internal disputes, and be able to defend their territory more effectively.
For the above conclusions to be true, which of the following must be added as a premise?
A.Singing and dancing have the effect of making all participants gradually forget the conflicts with others and get along peacefully.
B.Singing and dancing have the emotional and exciting effect of mobilizing all participants
C.Singing and dancing have the effect of forgetting class differences and hierarchical relationships among all participants
D.Singing and dancing are psychologically soothing and can make all participants forget about reality

b
The analysis of the statistics department pointed out that although the educational burden of rural families has been greatly reduced with the popularization of compulsory education in rural areas, with the change of contemporary farmers' ideas, their awareness and consumption level of education have also continuously improved.It is expected that future education expenditures will be in rural families.The proportion of total expenditure will further increase.
Which of the following, if true, best supports this view?
A.Contemporary farmers want their children to get a good education in the countryside
B.Contemporary farmers are willing to pay more for their children to enjoy quality education
C.Compulsory education gives rural children access to education
D.Total rural household spending will increase in the future

b
Some experts point out that the Chinese are not good at alcohol, but they love to persuade alcohol and produce a large number of "scrupulous" persuaders.In the process of drinking, persuaders often persuade drinkers to follow a "harmful social relationship" drinking game rule, that Persuade drinkers to show their sincerity and gain trust by harming themselves.Drinkers need to show their sincerity and trust whether they are from the bottom of the society or from the top of the society, although this may not be their original intention to drink.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Persuaders do not drink by themselves but they particularly like to persuade others to drink
B.The intent of persuading and drinking is often the same
C.Addicts believe that only drinking more can show sincerity and gain trust
D.People from the middle of society often do not need to establish social relationships

a
The latest research found that a gene called SIRT1 in the brain guides the synthesis of corresponding proteins in the human thalamus.The SIRT1 gene weakens with age and it gradually reduces the amount of protein that is synthesized.Therefore, the researchers speculated that the gene Will leads to middle-aged happiness.
For the above conclusion to be true, which of the following premises must be based on?
A.The thalamus is related to controlling weight.The more the corresponding protein in the thalamus is synthesized, the more effectively it can curb weight gain.
B.The older the person, the higher the probability of SIRT1 gene mutation, the mutation will gradually lose the function of guiding protein synthesis
C.Existing animal experiments show that artificially enhancing the function of the SIRT1 gene can reduce the appetite of the subject and increase the calorie expenditure
D.SIRT1 gene exists in many tissues and organs, and only the gene that exists in the thalamus can affect the body's protein synthesis

c
Big breakthroughs are brewing in biotechnology.In the field of agricultural genetically modified biotechnology, the use of genetically modified technology, genetically modified grains, soybeans, hybrid rice and other stress-resistant, disease-resistant high-yield crops, and genetically modified animals continue to be cultivated, which is a major technological revolution in traditional agriculture in the field of medical biotechnology, asexual reproduction technologies such as gene cloning, cell cloning, and individual level cloning have developed rapidly.Research on stem cell cloning based on organ repair and transplantation has made positive progress, providing a historic change for humans from treating diseases to preventing diseases.A solid foundation has been laid.In terms of biochips, DNA chips have become the product of a combination of biotechnology and microelectronics technology, and its application will greatly improve the accuracy and efficiency of disease detection, and bring hope for faster detection of some difficult diseases.
Can it be inferred from this?
A.Biotechnology has made many major achievements in the contemporary era.Organ repair and transplantation, and stem cell cloning research have made positive progress.
B.Biotechnology uses "transgenic technology" in agriculture to cultivate new types of genetically modified crops, which have been well received by consumers.
C.After the doubts in the life sciences are deciphered and answered by humans one by one, a huge and vibrant biological industry will be formed, which will have a huge impact on the development of the environment, agriculture and other industries
D.The ultimate conquest of cardiovascular diseases, cancer, AIDS, neurological diseases and other diseases that threaten human life depends on the interpretation of the genetic structure.

d
In a certain year, China Mobile invested heavily in expanding the coverage of mobile communication services.As a result, users increased by 25%, but total profits fell by 10%.
which is the most likely cause?
A.The total consumption of new users of China Mobile is relatively low
B.China Mobile's phone bill has dropped significantly
C.China Mobile's management problem
D.China Mobile has invested too much in expanding the market

b
The aurora is related to the large-scale interaction of the earth's upper atmosphere and the geomagnetic field, and it is also related to the high-speed charged particle stream emitted by the sun, which is often called the solar wind.The essential condition for the formation of the aurora is the atmosphere Magnetic field and solar wind.
It can be inferred from this that the principle of the formation of aurora?
A.Aurora is a phenomenon of discharge radiation appearing in the atmosphere at high altitudes
B.Aurora is an atmospheric luminous phenomenon caused by the solar wind entering the high-altitude atmosphere gathered over the polar regions of the geomagnetic field.
C.Aurora is a phenomenon in which the magnetic layer formed by the geomagnetic field under the solar wind condenses the solar wind particle stream into an electron beam and emits light.
D.Aurora is a phenomenon in which the solar wind particle stream is converged into an electron beam and driven into the high-altitude atmosphere, which stimulates the atmospheric molecules and atoms to emit light.

a
Cities are the "soil" of the tertiary industry, and the tertiary industry is the "seedlings" in the "soil".Without the corresponding development of the city, the "seedlings" will not be nourished and cannot thrive.
visible?
A.Slow urbanization, the tertiary industry cannot develop
B.With the increasing proportion of the tertiary industry in the gross national product, China's cities have developed rapidly
C.The tertiary industry effectively supports and supplements the primary and secondary industries
D.In China, the tertiary industry has solved the employment problems of a large number of laid-off workers and social idle workers.

a
The development and competition of the contemporary economy no longer rely mainly on intensive labor.For example, in the United States, the entire information highway project will take 20 years and the total investment will reach $ 400 billion.It is necessary to install high-capacity fiber optic lines for 95 million households across the country.Will cost $ 200 billion.
visible?
A.The future economic development process is a capital-intensive process
B.High-tech will be the basis for future economic development
C.The gap between the comprehensive national strengths of developing and developed countries will grow wider
D.Future economic development will no longer require labor

b
Three students from Forestry University Liu Wei, Li Gang, and Wu Qiang went to the mountains to plant trees.They planted three trees in total: a poplar tree, a pine tree, and a locust tree.It is reported that Liu Wei did not plant poplar trees, and Li Gang did not.Planting locust trees, Wu Qiang has neither planted poplar nor locust trees.
Can we know from this?
A.Liu Wei planted pine trees, Li Gang planted poplar trees, and Wu Qiang planted locust trees
B.Liu Wei planted locust tree, Li Gang planted poplar tree, Wu Qiang planted a pine tree
C.Liu Weizhi poplar tree, Li Gang plant locust tree, Wu Qiang plant pine tree
D.Liu Wei planted locust tree, Li Gang planted a pine tree, Wu Qiang planted poplar tree

a
In democratic societies, sin is exposed to the maximum extent and condemned by public opinion, thus suppressing more evils; in anti-democratic societies, sins are concealed to the maximum extent, which often leads to greater sin .
Can it be launched from this?
A.The difference between a democratic society and an anti-democratic society is not the presence or absence of sin
B.Only a democratic society can completely eliminate evil
C.Sin may be covered up for a long time
D.Suppressing sin is much harder than covering it up

b
Mixtures of oven cleaners and household bleach release chlorine, and mixtures of bathtub cleaners and household bleach release chlorine.However, a mixture of ordinary soap and household bleach does not release any gas.When cleaning agents are added to household bleach, no chlorine gas is released.
So which of the following can we think about this unknown cleaning agent?
A.It is ordinary soap
B.Neither oven cleaner nor bathtub cleaner
C.It contains ordinary soap ingredients, as well as oven cleaner or bathtub cleaner ingredients
D.It contains ordinary soap ingredients, but does not contain oven cleaner and bathtub cleaner ingredients

b
After Xiaoming, Xiaowei and Xiaogang took the final exam, the three discussed together.Xiaoming said: "I definitely can't take more than 90 points." Xiaowei said: "I can't reach 90 points." Just said: "There is no problem with 60 points or more." When the results were announced, one of the three was more than 90 points, one between 60 and 90 points and 60 or less, and only one of them predicted correctly.
which is the most likely result?
A.Xiaoming's score is between 60 and 90, Xiaowei's score is below 60, and Xiaogang's score is above 90
B.Xiaoming's score is above 90, Xiaowei's score is between 60 and 90, Xiaogang's score is below 60
C.Xiaoming's score is below 60, Xiaowei's score is between 60 and 90, and Xiaogang's score is above 90
D.Xiaoming's score is below 60, Xiaowei's score is above 90, Xiaogang's score is between 60 and 90

d
A chemical reaction refers to a change in the chemical composition, properties, and characteristics of one or more substances that become different from the original one.
According to the above definition, which of the following changes is not a chemical reaction? ?
A.Synthetic polyethylene using petroleum as raw material
B.Charcoal burning for heat
C.Grapes are made into wine through processes such as fermentation
D.Tap water becomes steam

b
Adaptation.The same stimulus acts on the sensory organs, causing the sensory organs to change their ability to sense suitable stimuli.
Which of the following is most incompatible with the concept of adaptation?
A.When you put it in hot water, it feels very hot at first, but soon the feeling of heat diminishes.
B.When you have pain in one part of the body, biting your lips or clenching your fists will reduce the pain.
C.In a room where you can't see your fingers, stand for a while and see the food around you
D.Walking into a garden with a fragrant flower smell, but soon I feel nothing

d
Cultural relics, things left over from history that are valuable in the history of cultural development.
Which of the following are not cultural relics?
A.Qin Terracotta Army
B.Tiananmen Tower
C.Zhoukoudian Ape-man Site
D.Huangguoshu Waterfall

d
The subject matter of a lawsuit refers to a civil legal relationship or right that the parties disputed and required the people's court to resolve through trial.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is subject matter?
A.A 1,000 yuan loan between the original and the defendant
B.The reputation that occurred between the defendants was harmed by defamation
C.The relationship between the prosecution and the prosecution
D.The robbery between the plaintiff and the defendant, and the victim relationship

b
Abdominal discomfort caused by indigestion, long-term irregular diet, love of irritating food, or overeating.
Please determine which of the following is not a manifestation of indigestion?
A.Zhao Liang is the company manager.He often has to accompany customers to eat at eight or nine in the evening.Every time I get home, it's too late.I can't sleep when I swell in my bed, which affects my sleep.
B.Xiao Zhang is a white-collar employee of an IT company.He usually works very nervous, stays up late, eats very irregularly, is hungry before going to bed at midnight, and eats high-calorie fast food.
C.Gao Yang, who especially loves Sichuan spicy hot pot, hasn't come to work in recent days.When my colleagues asked about it, Gao Yang met with friends a few days ago, ate a lot of peppers, and experienced severe pain in the stomach.Now he is resting in the hospital
D.Lao Zhou has always been accustomed to drinking strong tea and smoking, and sometimes his stomach has acid reflux.

d
Avoidance of conditional effects.When an aversive stimulus or unpleasant situation occurs, the individual makes a response, thereby evading the aversive stimulus or unpleasant situation, and the probability of the reaction occurring in similar situations in the future increases.
Which of the following are not evasive conditions?
A.Detour and walk away after seeing garbage on the road
B.When you hit something hot, quickly retract your hand
C.Leaving temporarily when there is noise in the room
D.Fear of seeing strangers dare not take to the street

c
Information industry refers to the groups of related industries directly related to the production, circulation, distribution, and consumption of information products and information services in national economic activities.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not the information industry?
A.A company operates various software, consumables, and other related products
B.According to the development of the national informatization process, a company trains enterprise information managers for paid social training
C.According to the needs of economic development, a department provides free consulting services to the society and promotes the development of informatization
D.A company produces computer parts such as motherboards and memory

c
Bidirectional conflict refers to the conflict of motivations that occur when two kinds of needs that are attractive to the individual appear at the same time.Because of conditions, the individual cannot take two actions at the same time.
Which of the following are bidirectional conflicts?
A.There is chasing after, and encountering the river before
B.Whether to tell patients with cancer
C.You can't have both fish and bear's paw
D.Cherry is delicious and hard to plant

c
Ultrasound is a sound wave that cannot be heard by the human ear.
According to this definition, which of the following is wrong with the following statement?
A.The sound waves below 20Hz cannot be heard by the human ear and are ultrasonic waves
B.Sound waves higher than 20000Hz, which cannot be heard by the human ear, are ultrasonic waves
C.The bell of the electric bell is about 800Hz, people can hear it clearly.Put the bell in a vacuum glass cover, people can't hear the bell when the bell is working.At this time, the 800HZ sound wave is converted into ultrasound
D."B-ultrasound" is an advanced medical imaging technology that emits ultrasound waves.Some people think that although human ears cannot hear ultrasound waves, they can be seen by human eyes.

d
The right to privacy is the right to protect the personal reputation and image of an individual without the violation of the law.
which is the right to privacy below?
A.The right of a star to refuse to disclose to the judicial authorities the details of his dealings with a suspected corruption victim
B.The right of the suspect to keep to the judiciary secrets of his actions at the time of the crime
C.A suspected corruptionist's right to keep the source of his income secret from the media
D.A married official does not recognize the right of an extramarital affair with a woman to the news media

d
Immigration: Chinese citizens move abroad or settle permanently in a certain area of the country.
According to the above definition, which of the following is immigrants?
A.Company employees who travel to the United States for business
B.Employees who come to Japan for training due to business needs
C.People who return to study in the United States
D.Wife moving abroad for reunion with a husband who has settled abroad

d
Political emotion: refers to the inner experiences and feelings of political subjects in political life about political systems, political activities, political events, and political figures, etc., which are formed by the political cognitive process of people for various political objects A collective term for psychological reactions such as feelings of likes and dislikes, feelings of love and hate, feelings of beauty and ugliness.
Which of the following is not a political emotion?
A.The people who participated in the campaign spoke passionately because their political expectations and needs were met
B.U.S.voters are already averse to superficial democracy, with about half of voters expressing political indifference in various ways
C.Admiration for leaders and heroes, love for the motherland and nation
D.Worry about wasting your time

b
Motion memory is also called action memory, which refers to the memory that contains the motion state or action image that people have operated.
Which of the following meet this definition is ().
A.Sun often remembers the beautiful scenes when he got married
B.Wang is still very skilled in five years without playing table tennis
C.As long as Xiong has smelled a certain perfume, he will definitely be able to distinguish it next time.
D.Jing sings very long after falling out of love and dares not fall in love

d
Relational association refers to associations established by multiple relationships of things, specifically whole and partial relationships, causal relationships, and species relationships.
Which of the following meets this definition?
A.Yumi associates ugliness
B.Goethe thought of Napoleon
C.Apples think of oranges
D.Think of banana trees from bananas

a
Innocent passage refers to the right of a foreign ship to pass through its territorial sea continuously without prior notice or permission from a coastal State without prejudice to the coastal and peaceful and normal order.
Which of the following meets this definition?
A.The U.S.Lone Star sails continuously from China's Yangtze River estuary to Japan without doing anything other than sailing, without China's consent in advance
B.Japan's "Matsuri" broadcasted the "right-wing" declaration to the Americans during its departure from San Francisco, causing Americans to resent
C.The British "British" moored at the port in order to allow the crew to watch the scenery of the Japanese sea during the departure from Yokohama, and then continued to sail
D.China's "Yangtze River" continuously sailed across the Qiongzhou Strait without doing anything detrimental to the coast without the government's consent

c
E-commerce: refers to the purchase and sale of goods and services and the transfer of funds through digital communications.
Which of the following does not belong to e-commerce?
A.Microsoft establishes its own homepage and provides online ordering of computer software business
B.Business-to-business transfer payment through internet banking
C.Sina provides a lot of information to people for free every day
D.Amazon Web Bookstore accepts orders online, but delivers products by mail

a
Tax evasion: Refers to the behavior of the taxpayer who did not intentionally fail to pay or underpaid the tax.For tax evaders, the tax authorities should make them pay the tax evasion according to the regulations; if the tax lapse is not paid, the tax will be added daily from the date of tax evasion Late fees.
According to the above definition, which of the following is tax evasion in the following cases?
A.Dumou opened a bookstore and the tax department stipulated that his tax should be collected.When the customer did not request an invoice, he would not issue an invoice; and when there was a large transaction and the customer requested an invoice, he would Tear off the invoice customer line, fill in the customer line and the stub line separately, fill in the actual number on the customer line, and fill in the smaller number on the stub line.
B.A famous singer held a personal concert in a city with a box office income of 400,000 yuan.According to the performance agreement, the singer received 25% of the box office revenue of about 100,000 yuan.The next day, the singer went to Went to another city
C.Uncle Zhang is the owner of a small store, mainly engaged in daily necessities.The tax management department has approved that he pays 500 yuan per month.He went to the tax bureau on time to pay taxes on his own initiative every month.Something happened, there was almost no business, and of course there was no profit, so he did not go to the tax office to pay taxes
D.Huang Xing is a butcher.He has been in this business for many years.Recently, pork is in short supply and the price has risen rapidly.The county price bureau has set the highest limit for pork.Because the price of buying pigs is high, their profits are very To this end, Huang Xing told tax collectors that if the government did not lift the price limit, they would not pay taxes.

b
Limited liability company: also known as a limited company, which refers to an enterprise legal person established in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Company Law, in which shareholders are liable to the company within the limits of their capital contribution, and the company is responsible for the company's debts with all its assets.The maximum number of people cannot be raised publicly, shares cannot be issued, and there are strict restrictions on shareholder transfers.
Which of the following units are not limited liability companies?
A.Beijing Electric Co., Ltd.
B.100 companies listed on the Beijing Stock Exchange
C.Hebei Food Trade Co., Ltd.
D.The company's failure occurred, and the company's manager's shares were all lost, but his personal property was not affected by the company

c
Leaking behavior: Refers to violations of confidentiality codes and laws, and publicly disclose or disclose state secrets to those who should not be known within the time limit of confidentiality, thereby causing damage to national security and interests.
Which of the following is not a leak?
A.Intentional disclosure of state secrets to domestic and foreign enemies
B.Selling a country's construction plan for a large water conservancy facility to a foreign businessman
C.On the night after drafting the national top-secret document, returned to the dormitory to talk, but no one heard
D.Don't be busy because you walk, forget important files in the waiting hall, and get them by foreigners

b
There is a logical operation in computer language.If two numbers are 0 in the same digit, the sum is 0; one is 0, one is 1 or both are 1, the sum is 1.
So, what?
A.If the sum is 1, then both numbers must be 1.
B.If the sum is 0, then both numbers must be 0
C.If the sum is 0, one of the two numbers may be 1
D.If the sum is 1, at least one of the two numbers is 0

b
The blood types of A.B, C, and D are different.A said: "I am A." B said: "I am O." C said: "I am AB." Ding said: "I Not AB."The words of only one of the four are false.
Which of the following is true?
A.No matter who tells lies, the blood type of four people can be introduced
B.If B is false, it can introduce the blood type of four people
C.If C's leave is false, it can introduce the blood type of four people
D.Ding's words are false, which can introduce the blood type of four people

c
In Chinese history, Qilu culture, Bashu culture, Wu culture, Chu culture and other distinctive regional cultures have successively appeared.The formation of these regional cultures is generally inseparable from the support of the surname family in the local society.In China, the surname family has always played an important role in society.To understand the cultural development of a region, it is necessary to understand the history of the change of the surname family in this area.Some of the difficult issues.
visible,?
A.Family culture is a major part of Chinese culture
B.Family culture is all about regional culture
C.Family culture and regional culture are inseparable
D.The existence of family culture is the main reason for the continuous fragmentation of local history in China

c
A foreign airline manager: "Although the newly developed collision avoidance system has not been thoroughly tested to find potential problems, it must also be installed on the passenger plane immediately because the system's mechanical alarm device can prevent pilots from crashing."The company's pilots:" Pilots cannot fly an aircraft that has not been fully tested for collision avoidance systems because a malfunctioning collision avoidance system will mislead the pilot and cause a collision."
Which of the following best reinforces pilot opposition?
A.Mechanical equipment is always at risk
B.The jet engine was not thoroughly tested before it was first put into service, but its performance and safety record is obvious
C.Although the collision avoidance system allows pilots to avoid some collision accidents, the potential problems of untested collision avoidance systems may cause more crashes
D.Many crashes are caused by pilot fatigue

d
A brand from unknown to well-known, and enduring, the key is to continue to maintain and enhance its own market competitiveness.Brand-name is a generation creation, generation-generation insurance, there is no name-brand to aspire to create a brand-name, with a brand-name can only serve as a competition Starting point.
Does this mean,?
A.Once you have a famous brand, you can always be invincible in the competition.
B.As long as you invest a lot of money in advertising, you can create and maintain brand names
C.To build a brand name, you must constantly hype
D.The brand does not have a "lifetime system"

c
Former U.S.President Lincoln said: "The most brilliant scammer may deceive all people at one time or some people at all times, but it is impossible to deceive all people at all times."
If Lincoln's assertion is true, which of the following assertions is false?
A.Lincoln may not be deceived at any time
B.Liars may also be deceived at some point
C.There is no one at all times
D.There is no one who may not be deceived at some point

a
At present, due to the influence of traditional political culture, people's awareness of political participation and the ability to participate in politics cannot yet meet the objective requirements of modern political life.The carrier of political culture is people, and the level of human cultural quality is directly related to the development of political culture.The majority of the population is in rural areas, and the rural population is illiterate in Chinese.
visible,?
A.We urgently need to improve the cultural quality of our farmers in order to create a political culture that meets the needs of modern political life
B.China's traditional political culture is dross and needs to be abandoned
C.China's urban residents have a more mature political culture
D.Most people in rural China do not yet have the awareness and ability to participate in politics

c
Thirty students from Jinghua University recently agreed to participate in a program aimed at improving dating skills.One month before joining the program, they had had an average date.30 students were divided into two groups: the first group and 6 Different volunteers made 6 "internship" appointments, and received feedback from their dated views on their appearance and behavior; the second group was only the control group.Each group must be filled in separately before the internship date Social anxiety questionnaire, and scores on their social skills.After internship dating, the first group needs to fill out the questionnaire again.The results show that the first group shows less social anxiety than the control group and is more socially friendly Confidence and easier dating.Obviously, actually dating can improve our social communication.
Which of the following, if true, is most likely to challenge the above inference?
A.Experts have different views on whether such training programs can be implemented universally
B.The students participating in this training program are not randomly selected, but all students who signed up do not know what the experimental program will include.
C.The control group complained afterwards that they did not know that the plan had begun.Therefore, the questionnaire they filled out was more worried because they had expectations for the future.
D.When filling out the social anxiety questionnaire, students need to remember certain dating situations.Male students generally have more objective evaluations of dating targets, while female students appear more emotional.

c
Some people think that there is no danger in the method of throwing a handball in baseball, but in 1920, because thrower Carl's handball hit Kachapman, who died of a head injury, the method of throwing a handball should be banned.
The above reasoning process conforms to the? Form.
A.Applying a general principle to a specific example
B.Confusion and causes
C.draw a general conclusion from a specific case
D.Attacked advocates with personal rather than logical reasons

d
Both A and B are higher than C and D.
If the above is true, and which of the following is added, can we conclude that "Pembidine is higher"? ?
A.B is higher than A
B.Biejia Dwarf
C.Higher than pentene
D.Pentamyl is higher than B

a
Science has developed to such a point that today's economic development and competition no longer rely mainly on intensive labor.For example, in the United States, the entire information highway project will take 20 years and the total investment will reach 400 billion U.S.dollars.It will cost 200 billion U.S.dollars to install large-capacity fiber optic lines in all households.
visible,?
A.Future economic development mainly depends on high-tech
B.Future economic development will no longer require cheap labor
C.The future economic development process will be a capital-intensive process
D.Developing countries are falling behind in future economic competition

d
According to the birth rate of baby boys, A and B started a debate.A: Demographics found a rule: In newborn babies, the birth rate of baby boys always swings at 22/43, not 1/2.B: No, many The data shows that most countries and regions, such as Japan, the United States, Germany, and Taiwan Province of China, have more women than men.It can be seen that it is not valid to believe that the birth rate of baby boys fluctuates around 22/43.
Analyze the dialogue between A and B and point out which of the following options can explain the logical error of A or B?
A.The statistical law mentioned by A does not exist
B.A statistical survey is not scientific
C.B's information is not credible
D.B confuses the concept

d
Columbus's voyage to discover the new continent of the Americas has promoted the history of modern times.About 50,000 years ago, some safari people living in northern Asia entered the Americas from the Bering Strait frozen in the ice age.Some scholars have recently announced evidence that The Ming Dynasty navigator Zheng He discovered the American continent 72 years before Columbus.
From which we can draw?
A.Columbus' discovery is not significant after Asian nomads
B.Even if Zheng He's arrival in the Americas is confirmed, it is not as meaningful as Columbus
C.The aforementioned scholars attempted to overturn the history of Asian nomads first arriving in the Americas
D.If Zheng He's been to the Americas is confirmed, Zheng He's achievements may be above Columbus

a
The Swiss-made "Swatch" watch is favored by many collectors and speculators.It usually sells for about $ 40, but most of its product designs are made by masters, and sometimes they are designed into weird images.Full of personality."Swatch" watches are generally limited in number, especially the number of special watches produced to promote or commemorate a historical event.
Can it be launched from this?
A.People do n’t always buy the “Swatch” watch for its timekeeping function.
B.The manufacturer set the price of the watch unreasonably and too cheap
C."Swatch" is given as a precious gift by many people
D.The most eccentric design, and only the "Swatch" watch must have the highest price

b
Whether any piece of water can remain alive depends mainly on its ability to maintain a certain amount of oxygen dissolved in it.If only a small amount of dirt is poured into the water, the fish will generally not be affected and the bacteria in the water will still be affected.It can play a role in decomposing dirt, because the water area can quickly recover the oxygen consumption from air and water plants.
Knowing from this?
A.Sufficient water plants can keep waters alive
B.Oxygen is consumed during bacteria's decomposition of dirt
C.Bacteria can produce oxygen during the process of decomposing dirt
D.Plants in water can generate new oxygen by breaking down dirt

d
A group of children is arguing what day it is today.A says: Today is not Sunday; B says: Today is Friday; C says: The day before yesterday is Saturday; D says: Yesterday is Tuesday; E says: Today is Tuesday; E says: Today is not a week Monday, not Tuesday, not Wednesday.In fact, only one of them was right.
Ask what day is today?
A.Tuesday
B.Thursday
C.Saturday
D.Sunday

c
The foreign movie `` Da Vinci Code '' introduced last time was released in Donghai City for only one week.The total box office of each theater with `` Poseidon '' should be able to break through the box office of 10 million yuan.
Which of the following hypotheses are most likely to be implied by the author from the above inferences?
A.The box office appeal of the disaster film "Poseidon" using a lot of computer special effects is expected
B.The release time of "The Da Vinci Code" is short, and it is expected that many viewers who cannot watch the "Da Vinci Code" will get psychological compensation by watching "Poseidon" because they are all wonderful blockbusters.
C.Both films are boutique, and the daily ticket price and attendance are expected to be similar
D.Recently, many theaters in Tokai have updated their equipment, and the sound effect has been greatly improved.

d
Because minors should not smoke, the proposed law banning the sale of cigarettes to minors is reasonable.However, the proposed ban on vending machines is like driving for one out of 500 without a driver's license.People set up roadblocks.Roadblocks stop everyone, not just those who break the law."
Based on the above essay, we can infer what the author thinks?
A.The law prohibiting cigarette sales to minors will have no practical effect
B.The implementation of the smoking machine ban has no effect on preventing minors from smoking
C.Police should step up investigations against unlicensed drivers
D.Prohibition of setting up automatic cigarette sales opportunities causes inconvenience to many adults who want to buy cigarettes

c
Twelve books are placed on a shelf from left to right.Four of them are small paperbacks, two are large paperbacks, three are cloth bound books, and three are leather bound books.Known The first is a large paperback, the fourth is a leather-bound book, the three cloth-bound books are not next to each other, the three leather-bound books are put together, and the four small paperbacks are also put together.On the far right.
Ask which of the following must be a large paperback?
A.Book 3
B.Book 6
C.Book 7
D.Eighth

b
Some netizens said that the continuous increase in taxes and down payments will only make things worse for ordinary people who really want to buy a house for their own living.The loan restriction should not be a buyer, but a real estate company.As long as the real estate company cannot easily loan When the money is received and they are short of money, they will rush out of the house and the house price will drop.
Which of the following is most likely a direct reason why the netizen thinks that house prices are too high?
A.More and more ordinary people want to buy a house for their own living
B.Real estate companies control the vast majority of existing homes, artificially causing supply shortages to increase housing prices
C.The government continues to increase taxes on real estate companies, and real estate companies shift this tax to house prices
D.Government's excessive support for the real estate industry for a long time has caused house prices to continue to rise

d
Test content validity refers to the degree to which the test questions represent the range of content tested.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is behaviors to check the validity of the content? 
A.In order to evaluate the teaching quality of a teacher, a college conducted a questionnaire survey among teachers in the students.The content of the survey is extensive, including teaching methods, teaching attitudes, teacher dressing, teaching languages, etc.
B.In order to check whether the difficulty of the test content during the period is appropriate, Mr.Wang surveyed 20 students and found that students generally reflected that the test was difficult.
C.In order to check whether the highly competitive college entrance examination is effective, the relevant units conducted a follow-up survey on candidates who entered the university to see if they can adapt to university studies.
D.The national unified qualification exam for project managers has added some new test points this year.The state has organized special personnel to evaluate the newly added test content to see if it has actually passed the test content in actual work.

c
The crime of obstructing public affairs refers to acts of violent or threatening to prevent staff members of state organs from performing their duties in accordance with the law, deputies of the People's Congress from performing their duties in accordance with law, obstructing Red Cross staff members from performing their duties in accordance with the law, or deliberately obstructing the execution of national security organs by law National security work tasks, no violence, threat methods, behaviors with serious consequences.
Which of the following features is a crime against public service?
A.Lee asked his son on duty at the police station to go home for Chinese New Year
B.Xiao Liu resolutely disagrees with her husband's work on holiday because her husband is busy working in the Public Security Bureau
C.The leader of a factory gathers a large number of employees to obstruct the tax personnel to check the tax
D.Old Zhang of the police station runs through the town on weekdays, once he was beaten by the masses while acting nonsense

c
Physical evidence refers to material traces and articles that can prove the true situation of the case.The characteristics of physical evidence are its shape, quality, characteristics, and location, etc., which reflects the facts of some cases, and people can prove the truth of the case.
According to the above definition, which of the following is physical evidence?
A.a traffic accident occurred on the highway, a scene photo taken by a traffic police surveying the scene
B.In the trial of a vicious homicide, witnesses who feared retaliation and were unwilling to testify in court, provided a tape recording of testimony
C, the stolen vehicle recovered by the police in a certain area in the fight against the theft of motor vehicles
D, the fingerprint identification report made by the appraiser based on the fingerprints taken by the police at the scene of the theft

d
Foreign exchange refers to a variety of payment vouchers expressed in foreign currencies for international settlement.It includes foreign currencies (bank notes, minted coins), foreign currency securities (government bonds, corporate bonds, stocks, etc.), and foreign currency payment vouchers (bills) , Bank deposit vouchers, postal savings vouchers, etc.) and other vouchers that can be cashed abroad.
Which of the following are not foreign exchange?
A.Water conservancy construction bonds issued by the British government
B.Citibank deposit certificate
C.The currency of the European Union country Netherlands 200 Euros
D.Cash deposit certificate of Taiwanese-funded company's 10 million US dollars converted into RMB

c
Technical innovation: In economic development theory, it refers to the first application of new technologies and inventions in production.It is to establish a new production function or supply function in the production system and introduce a new combination of production factors and production conditions.Economics Emphasize that technological innovation is non-exclusive, uncertain, marketable, and systematic.
According to the above definition, which of the following behaviors belongs to technological innovation in the field of economics:
A.In Europe, the test flight of Concorde was successful, and because of its huge flight cost, the ticket price was extremely expensive
B.U.S.space technology is extremely developed and advanced, and the space shuttle flies freely in space
C.After a long-term formula test, Wuliangye Group launched low-alcohol wine in the market and achieved excellent market returns.
D.Iridium's technology enables people to send and receive information from any corner of the earth

b
Returning to education is a process that believes that people's life should be a continuous and alternating process of learning and work.Adults who receive compulsory education or basic education or even after higher education should have the opportunity to return to school to study when needed.Li Ren.
Which of the following types of education is a return education?
A.Nine-year compulsory education
B.A technician from a factory recharges English at the staff night school held by the unit
C.Pre-schooler education
D.Secondary vocational school students participate in a one-year internship after two years of full-time study

c
Market effect refers to the conditions achieved by an industry in terms of price, output, cost, profit, product quality and variety, and technological progress under the certain market structure.
Which of the following does not belong to the test market effect?
A.Is the profit of the industry reasonable?
B.Whether the blind expansion of industrial production is compatible with the growth of market demand
C.which is the personal taste of consumers
D.Is there any waste in selling expenses and product modification?

d
Japanese electrical appliances were very popular in China in the 1980s.Since the beginning of the 1990s, the exchange rate of the RMB against major western currencies (including the Japanese yen) has been continuously reduced, which will increase the RMB prices of Japanese electrical appliances entering the Chinese market.Sales have not fallen as a result.
Which of the following best explains why Nissan's sales are so high?
A.Japan's domestic electrical appliance manufacturers control the increase in costs within a certain range
B.The cost increase of Japanese electrical appliance manufacturers is smaller than that of domestic domestic electrical appliances
C.Although the current sales of Japanese appliances have not fallen, they will show a downward trend in the next two to three years
D.Chinese consumers pay more attention to the excellent quality of Nissan appliances, making up for the unfavorable situation of rising prices

a
The actual situation is exactly the opposite of theoretical expectations.Take the United States as an example.Of the more than 200 million people in the United States, there are 15.1 million full-time government civilian workers, with an average of one in ten people.This huge bureaucratic administrative system makes defense One-third of the budget is wasted on implementing unhelpful rules and regulations and doing which of the following is not necessary.The Ministry of National Defense rules and regulations are almost unparalleled.The rules manual for military house management is 800 pages thick, while military civilian personnel management The manual is thicker up to 8,800 pages.
which is most likely to be described next in the article?
A.the gap between what the theory expects and the reality
B, the cause of these inefficiencies
C, the huge historic roots of U.S.government agencies
D, the negative impact of huge military expenditures on national finances

a
A person's qualifications are different from academic qualifications, and academic qualifications refer to a person's learning experience in school, and a prime qualification is a person's own quality training experience.The quality of a qualification is reflected in emotions, mentality, subconsciousness, and in a competitive environment The key factor in determining the outcome.
therefore?
A.specially hire senior management personnel of failed companies, their fancy is their qualifications
B, people who can obtain high education, that is, generally have good quality
C, successful people from ancient times to modern times
D, most of the graduates who have just stepped out of the school and entered the society do not have a high degree

c
Commercial shrimp harvests in the South Atlantic have declined sharply (by weight) in recent years, as more people use shrimp fishing as a recreation and they are overfishing in bays where shrimp are growing and growing Shrimp fry.
In order to protect the commercial shrimp production from much impact, which of the following measures is most appropriate? ?
A.stipulate that recreational shrimpers use large-mesh nets for fishing
B, Limiting catches by commercial shrimpers per season
C, allowing conditional recreational shrimpers to fish in the South Atlantic
D, the government gives certain economic subsidies to commercial shrimp catchers

c
In recent years, the climate in North Asia has been generally cooler.However, during the period when the average daily temperature and humidity in North Asia were slightly higher than normal, the yield of crops grown there increased significantly.In the next century, there The increased daily average temperature and humidity obtained over a period of time is expected to become normal in the next century; however, scientists predict that annual crop yields will decline in most areas in the next century.
Which of the following points, if correct, can best help resolve the contradictions in the above information?
A.even if the average daily temperature and humidity in South Asia have increased from now, the crop output there is expected to remain unchanged.
B, the special variety of North Asian crops determines that they grow better in natural conditions with higher warmth and humidity
C.In many parts of Asia, abundant rainfall and warm climates are a natural advantage for dealers to grow
D, the climate is too cold and dry, making many crop pests unable to grow on a large scale.

b
Rehabilitation is the correction of mishandled cases.
Which of the following most accurately illustrates the looseness of the above definition?
A.The object of vindication should be specifically analyzed.Vindication, does not mean that there is no error
B.Correction of the original felony case should not be called vindication
C.There should be clear criteria for whether the case is handled incorrectly
D.The subject of vindication and its authority should be explained

d
All matter is plastic, and trees are plastic.So trees are matter.
Try to analyze which of the following options is most similar in structure to the above?
A.All truths are tested in practice, and evolution is truth, so evolution is tested in practice
B.All stars are self-luminous, Venus is not a star, so Venus itself does not glow
C.All citizens must obey the law, we are citizens, so we must obey the law
D.All the bad guys attack me, you attack me, so you are a bad guy

d
Designated agency refers to the agency performed by an agent in accordance with the designation of a people's court or a designated agency.
According to the above definitions, which of the following are designated agents?
A.Enterprise A awarded purchaser Wang to sign a TV sales contract with Company B
B.Partners A.B, and C grant agency rights to each other, and each partner has the right to sign or perform contracts on behalf of other partners
C.A filed an infringement lawsuit against B for his 10-year-old son
D.The villagers' committee where the minor A resides appoints B as the agent of civil tort of A

c
Two or more items are grouped together around a center.The balance, weight or attractiveness (including the attractiveness of shape, color, etc.) on both sides have equal weight, giving a sense of tranquility, which is called equilibrium.
By definition, Which of the following are not in equilibrium?
A.In a children's park, there is a kind of seesaw.Two children of the same weight are seated on both sides of the seesaw, and the two are seated at the same distance from the center.
B.One eye, one ear, one nostril, one face, one hand and one foot on each side of the human midline
C.A model is wearing a silver-gray suit, a pair of beige leather shoes on her feet, and a green casual bag on her shoulders
D.Da Vinci's famous painting "The Last Supper", the picture is a rectangle, centered on Jesus, the disciples are on both sides of him, the number of people is the same, the distance between the people on both sides and Jesus is the same, and the background on the walls on both sides is the same

c
Debate refers to the fact that both parties use certain reasons or evidence to point out contradictions or errors in the other party's opinions, and to prove that their views on things or problems are correct.
According to the above definition, which of the following options meet the constituent elements of the debate?
A.The purpose of both sides of the debate is to point out the error of the other side's opinion
B.The result of the debate is that both sides have the right views
c.Both parties must express their opinions
D.The opinions of both parties must be wrong

a
The act of defamation of goodwill refers to the behavior of the operator to damage the commercial reputation and commodity reputation of competitors by weakening the means of fabrication and dissemination of false facts, and weaken the rival's competitiveness.
According to the above definitions, which of the following options are not a constituent of defamation of goodwill?
A.Dissemination of statements that are deliberately defamatory
B.Weakened competitors
C.Commercial reputation and commodity reputation of the subject competitor
D.Operators use means of fabrication and dissemination of false facts

b
Political expression means that citizens exercise their political rights through constitutional means and appropriate opportunities to express their political attitudes, thereby affecting government decision-making.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is not political expressions?
A.Political speech
B.Watch the news webcast at home and talk about it
C.Demonstrations
D.Citizens petition to defend popular voting rights

d
Personal relationship is a kind of social relationship that is inseparable from the human body.It takes personal interests as the content and does not directly reflect the interests of property.Personal relationships include two types of personality relationships and identity relationships.Personality relationships are social relationships that occur based on personal interests; identity relationships are Social relationships with specific identity benefits.
According to the above definition, which of the following is status relationships?
A.Zhao's right to sign the "Frost Condensed Beauty Collection" for his creation
B.Shen lent RMB 10,000 to Liang for free based on his friend's morale
C.The gift relationship between Lee and Zhang
D.The father-son relationship formed by Wang's adoption

d
After a certain tax inspection, the four business executives had the following conclusions: A: All self-employed individuals did not pay taxes.B: The clothing self-employed owner Chen paid taxes.C: Not all individual businesses did not pay taxes.D: Some self-employed individuals did not pay taxes.
If only one of the four people is determined to be true, which of the following is true?
A.Ding's decision is true and boss Chen has not paid taxes
B.Ding's decision is true, but boss Chen paid the tax
C.C's decision is true, and Chen paid the tax
D.C's decision is true, but boss Chen did not pay taxes

d
There are two strange villages somewhere, people in Yangzhuang lie on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and people in Wang village lie on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.On other days, people in both villages tell the truth.One day, from the future Liu, a foreigner who has been here, saw two people and asked them questions about dates.Both said, "The day before yesterday was the day I lied."
If the two people asked were from Yangzhuang and Wangcun, which of the following judgments is most likely to be true? ?
A.This day is Thursday or week
B.This day is Tuesday or Thursday
C.This day is Friday or Sunday
D.This day is Monday or Wednesday

a
In the recent period, there have been many rumors about an earthquake.One evening, Xiaofang asked the uncle in the courtyard: "Oh, they all said that the day is going to be an earthquake." He said, "According to my observation, tomorrow is not necessarily an earthquake "Xiaofang said," Then you mean that there will definitely not be an earthquake tomorrow."He said wrong.Xiaofang was confused.
Which of the following statements is closest to what you mean? ?
A.May not be earthquake tomorrow
B.Possible earthquake tomorrow
C.Tomorrow cannot be without earthquake
D.No earthquake tomorrow

c
There are 9 cards, from 1 to 9.A.B, C, and D take four cards, and each person takes 2 cards.It is known that the sum of the two cards taken by A is 10; the sum of the two cards taken by B is 10; The difference is 1; the product of the two cards taken by C is 24; the quotient of the two cards taken by D is 3.
Please tell me what card is left?
A.6
B.3
C.7
D.4

a
This summer, the three children of the old Li's family participated in three sports competitions held in Hangzhou, Kunming and Harbin, namely men's gymnastics, pole vault and marathon.The third child did not participate in the competition held in Hangzhou; the child who won the national championship in the gymnastics did not go to Kunming, and the marathon champion was not his third child.
Can you guess which child of Lao Li is the national champion of men's gymnastics?
A.Boss
B.Second child
C.Third
D.Unable to judge

d
There are seven brothers and sisters in the family, but they only know the following seven people: (1) A has three younger sisters; (2) B has one older brother; (3) C She is a woman, she has two sisters; (4) Ding has two younger brothers; (5) Wu has two sisters; (6) is also a woman, but she and Geng have no sister.
Excuse me, who is the female and who is the seven? ?
A.B, D, E and G are male, A and C are female
B.A.B, C, G are male, D, E are female
C.A.B, E, C are male, D, G are female
D.A.B, E, G are male, D, C, female

a
An apple-like fruit has been cultivated and we call it a peel.The peel contains a small amount of pesticide residue.However, experts suggest that we should not peel the fruit before eating it, because this kind of fruit The peel contains a special vitamin, which is very small in other fruits and is very good for human health.It is a pity to discard it.
Which of the following, if true, would best challenge the experts' suggestions?
A.Absorbing pesticide residues on the skin of the peel is more harmful to the human body than absorbing the vitamins in the skin of the skin.
B.The amount of pesticide residue on the peel is too small to cause harm to the human body
C.Pesticide residues on the peel cannot be washed away
D.The vitamin in the peel cannot be fully digested and absorbed by the body

d
Four young workers bought the same household appliances.Now I know: Xiao Zhong is a blacksmith, the fitter bought a Siemens washing machine, the lathe lives on the right side of Xiao Li, Xiao Li lives on the right side of Xiao Zhong, and Xiao Gao buys a table Haier refrigerator, Xiao Wang lives on the left side of the welder, and the young man who bought the Haier refrigerator lives on the right side of the young man who bought a Changhong TV.
Please analyze, who bought the Desheng recorder?
A.Small high
B.Xiao Li
C.Xiao Wang
D.Little Bell

d
Three buyers go to a store regularly, A goes every 9 days, B goes every 11 days, C goes every 7 days, and the three meet at the store for the first time on Tuesday.
What day will they meet next?
A.Tuesday
B.Thursday
C.Monday
D.Wednesday

b
Over a period of time, domestic mobile phones have gradually reduced their share of the domestic market.Studies have found that mobile phone ads from foreign mobile phone companies are more attractive than domestic ads.Therefore, domestic mobile phone manufacturers need to increase advertising investment to increase market share .
Which of the following, if true, would seriously weaken the above argument? ?
A.Some foreign mobile phone products are produced by domestic advertising companies and distributed by domestic media.
B.Advertising can only attract people's attention to a certain product, and quality can make people like products.
C.Advertising costs of domestic mobile phone manufacturers are now only half of those of foreign manufacturers
D.Despite the increase in sales of foreign mobile phone products, sales of domestic mobile phones are also increasing

d
Recreational sports refer to a highly entertaining physical activity that people perform in their spare time.It is both a means of entertainment and a means of physical exercise.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not an entertainment sport?
A.For several years, an international kite festival has been held somewhere every year, and a kite flying competition has been held every time
B.In order to attract more tourists, a new park held a large fishing competition
C.On the eve of the Beijing Olympics, many organizations organized employees to participate in a tug of war
D.In order to promote the development of China's basketball career, the Chinese Basketball Association holds CBA games every year

a
The kinship relationship refers to the fact that there is no kinship between the parties and it is confirmed as a relative relationship through legal procedures.In China, the kinship relationship refers only to the situation clearly stipulated in the Marriage Law and the Adoption Law.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following one that is a blood relationship?
A.adoptive father and adoptive son on the same household register
B.Childcare workers and orphans
C.Righteous Father and Righteous Son
D.Husband's illegitimate son and wife

d
Business Ethics Investigator: The Okura Antique Exchange has always misled its clients that some of its antiques are rare and in fact those antiques are more common and easily available.Okura Antique Exchange: This is ridiculous.Big The Warehouse No.Antique Exchange is one of the world's largest antique exchanges.Our distribution of antiques is certified by an internationally certified company and has an antique dealer license.The answer to the Okura Antique Exchange appears unconvincing Because of it ...
Which of the following is most appropriate as a successor to the above?
A.Deliberately exaggerated the statements of business ethics investigators, making them untrustworthy
B.The accusation of a business ethics investigator who is biased but fails to provide sufficient evidence to substantiate his accusations
C.Failure to verify that other antique exchanges cannot identify antiques they sell
D.Listed the advantages of Okura Antique Exchange but did not answer the questions of the business ethics investigator

c
The three teachers Zhang, Wang and Li teach labor, mathematics, nature, craftsmanship, Chinese, ideology and morality in elementary school, and each teacher teaches two courses.Teacher Nature and labor teachers live in the same dormitory.Teacher Zhang is the youngest and labor The teacher and teacher Li love to play basketball.The math teacher is older than the manual teacher and younger than Wang.The biggest teacher of the three lives farther than the other two teachers.
From this we can infer:
A.Teacher Zhang teaches: Chinese, labor; Teacher Wang teaches: Craftsmanship, Ideology and Morality; Teacher Li teaches: Mathematics, Nature
Teacher B Zhang teaches: manual, nature; Teacher Wang teaches: Chinese, moral character; Teacher Li teaches: Mathematics, labor
C.Teacher Zhang teaches: manual, labor; Teacher Wang teaches: Chinese, moral character; Teacher Li teaches: Mathematics, nature
D.Teacher Zhang teaches: manual, ideological and moral; Teacher Wang teaches: Chinese, labor; Teacher Li teaches: Mathematics, Nature

c
The antibody health center conducted a 20-week weight loss experiment.The results showed that participants lost an average of 10 kg.Among them, male participants lost an average of 14 kg and female participants lost an average of 8 kg.
If the above statement is true and the statistics are accurate, which of the following must also be true?
A.All participants lost weight
B.As many male participants as female participants
C.More female participants than male participants
D.More male participants than female participants

b
It is generally believed that tsunami can be predicted through the abnormal behavior of animals.This view is based on subjective analogies and may not necessarily reveal objective connections.A cat behaved abnormally 24 hours before the tsunami and impressed its owner.At any moment in this world, cats behave abnormally.
To comment on the above argument, which of the following questions is the least important?
A.Has the animal's abnormal behavior considered to be a precursor to the tsunami also occurred in ordinary times?
B.Are the two different types of animals similar in behavior before the tsunami?
C.What was the proportion of animals with abnormal behavior before the tsunami in the whole animal?
D.What percentage of animals that had abnormal behavior before the tsunami were not noticed?

d
The exhibition expenses of museums have risen sharply in the past few years, and there is still a trend of rising.In fact, there are ways for museums to reverse this trend.These museums often receive large donations at home and abroad.Used to improve the economic situation of the museum.
Which of the following, if true, would seriously undermine the above conclusion?
A.The museum's fundraising has been improved (whether it is wrong).Measures have been perfected, including hosting some commercial fairs, etc.
B.More and more audiences like to browse and visit the museum on holidays
C.Donations to museums at home and abroad, mainly concentrated in several large museums in China
D.Donors to the Museum Exhibition Fund often have strict restrictions on the use of donations

b
There are a total of 16 doctors and nurses in the hospital, including me, and the situation of the personnel mentioned below will not change in any way whether or not I count.Among these medical staff, (1) more nurses than Doctors; (2) more male doctors than male nurses; (3) more male nurses than female nurses; (4) at least one female doctor."
which is the gender and position of this speaker?
A.Male doctor
B.Female nurse
C.Male nurse
D.Female doctor

c
There are three families, each with a child.Their names are: Xiaomei (female), Xiaomei (female), Xiaoming (male); the child's father is Lao Wang, Lao Zhang and Lao Chen; the mother is Liu Rong, Li Ling With Fang Li.For these three families, it is known that: (1) the children of Lao Wang's family and Li Ling's family participated in the girl's dance team; (2) Lao Zhang's daughter is not Xiao Mei; .
Based on the above conditions, which of the following can be determined to be correct?
A.Pharaoh, Liu Rong and Xiaomei are a family
B.Lao Zhang, Li Ling and Xiao Mei are a family
C.Pharaoh, Fang Li and Xiao Mei are one
D.Lao Chen, Fang Li and Xiao Ming are a family

a
Xiaohua, Xiaoling, Xiaofang, and Xiaoli live in the same dormitory.According to regulations, students who return to the dormitory at night should turn off the outdoor street lights.One night, the outdoor street lights are not turned off.The next day, the dormitory The administrator came to inquire which classmate returned to the dormitory at the latest.Xiaoling said: "When I came back.Xiaoli was already asleep, and I fell asleep." Xiaohua said: "When I came back, Xiaofang had not "Sleep." Xiaofang said: "When I entered the door, Xiaoling hadn't slept yet." Xiaoli said: "I fell asleep when I went to bed and knew nothing."
These four students are all telling the truth, please judge which of the following is true?
A.Xiaohua returns to the dormitory at the latest
B.Xiao Ling returns to the dormitory at the latest
C.Xiaofang returns to the dormitory at the latest
D.Xiaoli returns to the dormitory at the latest

d
Which of the following conditions are true: (1) if Xiao Wang is a worker, then Xiao Zhang is not a doctor; (2) or Xiao Li is a worker, or Xiao Wang is a worker; (3) if Xiao Zhang is not a doctor, then Xiao Zhao is not Students; (4) or Xiao Zhao is a student, or Xiao Zhou is not a manager
Which of the following, if true, would lead to the conclusion that "Xiao Li is a worker"?
A.Xiao Zhou is not a manager
B.Xiao Wang is a worker
C.Xiao Zhao is a student
D.Xiao Zhou is the manager

b
The novel is inseparable from the depiction of life and life, and an author with little experience and deep knowledge of the world is difficult to make an appearance in this field.The creation of poetry, especially the birth of many popular poems, is mostly inspired by poets And talent.
From this we can infer:
A.Poets are generally young.
B.There are relatively few famous young novelists.
C.Writing poetry is generally easier than writing a novel.
D.Famous novelists are middle-aged and elderly.

b
Scientists have found that high-density lipoprotein (HDL) in the human body has a preventive effect on heart disease.If you smoke more than 20 cigarettes a day, the content of HDL in the body will decrease significantly.If you stop smoking, the content will increase.In fat people, the HDL content of males declines in their forties, but the opposite is true of females.The HDL content of older women is higher than that of older men.
From this we know:
A.Men are more susceptible to heart disease than women.
B.Men are more likely to develop heart disease than women.
C.The older the male, the higher the chance of heart disease.
D.Older men who are leaner have a lower risk of heart disease than older women who are overweight.

d
Soap is made by cooking with fat and caustic soda.The soap contains about 30% of water.If you dry it, it will not only evaporate the water and shrink and crack, but also separate the internal oil and caustic soda.It becomes an acid fat, and caustic soda becomes soda ash by absorbing carbon dioxide in the air, so the decontamination ability of soap is reduced.
From this we can infer:
A.Shrinking dry and cracked soap and 30% water can restore the original decontamination ability.
B.Soda ash has no decontamination ability.
C.Soap without any of grease and caustic soda will not have the ability to decontaminate.
D.It is the moisture in the soap that combines the oil and caustic soda.

a
For example, yourself, you may not know the characteristics of Mozart in the past, but you have not really resonated with him; if you do n’t have a deep feeling, you naturally do n’t love it; if you do n’t love it, it will naturally not taste enough; It's not enough, the more you can't attract your interest.Of course, if you continue to know a writer, you will certainly not get to know it.
From this we can infer:
A.As long as you understand a writer deeply, you will definitely resonate with it.
B.The deeper the feeling, the more natural love is.
C.The more you love, the more it pops up, of course.
D.The more it pops up, the more interested you will be.

d
Microwave ovens rely on microwaves to cause the molecules inside the food to move violently and heat the food itself, so that the food is heated evenly inside and outside without the phenomenon of exogenous internal focus; the induction cooker is heated by heating the bottom of the pot to transfer heat from the outside of the food to the inside.Cooking is more in line with people's traditional cooking habits, and the use of "eddy current" to directly heat the bottom of the pot to avoid losses in the heat transfer process, there is no open flame, health and safety, which are better than electric stoves.
One thing that cannot be deduced from this is:
A.Electric stoves are unsafe, unsanitary, and open flames.
B.The heat of the electric furnace is lost during the transfer process.
C.Induction cookers, like electric stoves, have the phenomenon of endogenous food.
D.The principle of electric food heating is the same as that of induction cooker.

c
A person's drowsiness or fullness after a meal is related to the protein in the food they eat.Most proteins contain an amino acid called tyrosine, which enters the brain to promote the formation of dopamine and neoadrenaline, which makes a People are excited.Birds and fish contain the most tyrosine, but not all tyrosine-containing foods excite the brain.* Tyrosine is found in meat, but fat hinders its absorption.
From above can be introduced:
A.Foods with more protein are more conducive to intellectual development.
B.Protein in fish is easy to digest and absorb.
C.Fish is rich in dopa gums.
D.Dry fish with more fat in the meat.

d
A jewellery shop was stolen, and the police found the following clues: (l) One of the three persons A.B, and C was a criminal; (2) If A was a criminal, then B was a co-offender; (3) When the theft occurred, B Drink coffee in the coffee shop.
visible;
A.A is a criminal
B.A and B are criminals
C.A.B, and C are criminals
D.C is a criminal

c
Wang, Liu, and Deng participated in the college entrance examination.After the three discussed, Wang said, "I must be admitted to a key university." Liu said, "I cannot pass the key university." Deng said, "If the focus is not It ’s okay if I do n’t focus."The results show that the three of them were admitted to key universities, the general university and the one who did not pass, and only one of them was right, and the other two predicted.Contrary to the facts.
From this we can infer:
A.Wang was admitted to a general university, Liu was admitted to the main point, and Deng did not enter.
B.Wang was admitted to a general university, Liu did not enter, and Deng entered the point.
C.Wang did not pass the test, Liu passed the test, and Deng passed the test.
D.Wang did not pass the exam, Liu passed the test in general, and Deng passed the test.

d
In a social survey, it was found that the per capita GDP of city A was higher than that of cities B and c, while the per capita GDP of city D was higher than that of city C and lower than that of city E.
From this we can infer:
A.E city's per capita GDP is higher than A city
B.B's per capita GDP is higher than C's
C.A's per capita GDP is higher than D's
D.City C ranks fourth among the five cities in terms of per capita GDP

b
There are five relatives A.B, C, D, and E.Four of them each told a true situation, as follows: ①B is my father's brother, ②E is my mother-in-law, ⑧c is my son-in-law's brother, ④A is me Brother's wife.Everyone mentioned above is one of these five people (for example, "my father" and "my father's brother" in ① are all one of five people A.B, C, D, E ),
From this we can infer:
A.B and D are brotherhood
B.A is B's wife
C.E is C's mother-in-law
D.D is a child of B

b
In the think tank, there is a tendency: each lower level member of the organization filters and modifies the information before passing it to the higher level organization.In this way, the information is rendered or distorted to meet the expectations of the superior.A typical example of this tendency is the Tokyo Bay incident.Although the Maddox destroyer sent a second message to replace the first and asked for time to revalue the data.The second message was intercepted by the bureaucracy.The head of the agency did not pass on the message to the president because they knew him.
Which of the following can reasonably complete the above?
A.Already know the content of the second message
B.Satisfied with the content of the first message
C.Not interested in the content of the first message
D.Decisions have been made on the basis of the first message

d
The market is an effective way of allocating resources; the market's response to economic activities is characterized by objectivity, directness, and sensitivity.Now most countries in the world adopt market economic systems, but countries that rely on market mechanisms to spontaneously regulate themselves do not exist.The lag, blindness and market failure of market regulation require the state to conduct macroeconomic regulation and control of the national economy.
From this we can infer:
A.The market is the only way to allocate resources
B.There are no flaws in the market system itself
C.As long as a market economy system is adopted, a country's economy will develop rapidly
D.Implementing government macro-control under the conditions of a socialist market economy is an objective requirement of a modern market economy

c
Abstract administrative actions refer to administrative actions that are generally binding on an unspecified administrative counterpart by an administrative subject.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are abstract administrative actions:
A.Punishment decision of an industrial and commercial bureau on an enterprise
B.Office supplies purchased by administrative agencies
C.County People's Government Develops Regulatory Documents
D.People's Court's Enforcement of Political Decisions on Punishment Decisions

d
Article 25, paragraph 1, of the Criminal Law of China stipulates that a joint crime refers to an intentional crime committed by two or more persons.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are common crimes:
A.A.and B conspired to give C a little lesson.On the way to C's house, B returned to his home because of an emergency at home.
B.A wants to kill B.He deliberately gives C with the bulleted gun, and tricks C into saying that it is an empty gun.
C, after two cars collided, they rushed to the side of the road and crushed the pedestrian.
D.A and B conspired to rob C's recorder.A first injured C, and B took the opportunity to shoot the recorder away.

a
Health: Refers to a person with normal intelligence, reasonable behavior, ability to adapt to normal work, social interaction or learning, and resistance to general diseases.
According to the definition of health, Which of the following are healthy:
A.University professor Lao Li, although in his 50s, is still energetic at work and suffered from influenza this spring.
B.Zhang Yong's 19-year-old son, Xiao Cong, was a sophomore in elementary school when he was 11 years old, but he didn't have any serious illness since childhood.He can do good physical work.
C.Xiao Hu's work performance has been excellent after graduating from master's degree.After an accident, when the work pressure is relatively high, he will be mentally disordered.
D.Xiao Liu is in good health, works very hard, and respects his parents, but many colleagues say that he is weird and does not want to associate with him.

d
Justifiable defense refers to a limited amount of acts against the offender in order to protect the country, the public interest, the person, property, and other rights of others or others from ongoing unlawful violations.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are legitimate defenses:
A.A holds a knife to robbing B's property, B fights back to take down A's knife, and stabs A's leg.A cannot move, and then B kills A with a knife.
B.A has threatened many times in public, wanting to kill B.After hearing B, he is both angry and scared, so he decides to start first and kill him when he is unprepared.
C, A is thinking about murdering B without suffering an excuse.When A sees B one day, he uses abusive methods to provoke B to seduce him first.After B starts, A takes out a prepared kitchen knife and kills B.
D.One night, Xiaohong was robbed.The robber held a dagger and threatened to kill if she did not hand over her money.Xiaohong had to surrender her wallet.When the robber bowed his head and counted the money, she picked up a brick and stunned.The robber then picked up his wallet and left the scene.It was later learned that the robber died because of ineffective rescue.

d
Deduction starts with some general laws and applies them to special events.
Which of the following is deductive?
A.Sun Hua is taller than Wang Gang, Wang Gang is taller than Li Jian, so Sun Hua is taller than Li Jian.
B.Northerners are taller than Southerners, which is caused by differences in living conditions
C, the market is larger than the market, and the market is smaller than the market.
D.The per capita GDP of developed countries is higher than in China, and Canada is a developed country, so Canada's per capita GDP is also higher than in China.

a
Non-cause management is a basis for debt occurrence.It refers to the conduct of management and service in order to avoid a loss for others without legal or agreed obligations.
According to the above definitions, debts for causeless management occur in the following situations:
A.Unauthorized collection of goods for others
B.Untrusted, give up inheritance on behalf of others
C.Suicides on the road to rescue
D.Entrusted to look after poultry

d
There are two strange villages somewhere, the people in Zhuang A lie on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and the people in B Zhuang lie on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.On other days, they tell the truth.One day, Sun Tie from outside came here I met two people and asked them questions about dates.Both said, "The day before yesterday was the day I lied."
If these two people come from A and B, respectively, then the most likely ones are:
A.This day is Sunday or Friday
B.This day is Saturday or Wednesday
C.This day is Thursday or Tuesday
D.This day is Wednesday or Monday

c
One day, couple A invited three couples to dinner, they were couple B, couple C and couple D.During the meal, eight of them sat evenly at a round table, and only one couple was separated It is now known that Mr.A: the person opposite Mrs.A is sitting on the left of Mr.B.II: Mrs.C.the person to the left is sitting opposite to Mr.D—Ms .: III: Mr.D's right is a woman Di, she sits opposite the lady in the second position to the left of Mr A.
Ask which couple was separated when arranging their seats:
A.A couple
B.B couple
C.C couple
D.Couple

c
Four people are talking about Laotian's deposit.A said: "Laotian has at least 5,000 yuan deposit." B said, "No, at least 10,000 yuan." C said, "his deposit is less than 20,000." Ding said: "Laotian's passbook has at least a hundred dollars." Actually only one of them was right.
From this, you can get:
A.A is right
B.Ding is right
C.Laotian's deposit is not even 100 yuan
D.Laotian's deposit is between 5,000 and 20,000 yuan

a
In the United States, it is common for senior corporate executives and directors to buy and sell their company's stock.Generally speaking, when the ratio of the internal sell to buy ratio of a certain stock is less than 2/1, the stock price will rise rapidly.Today, although MEGA's stock price has been falling, the company's senior executives and directors have bought nine times more shares than they have sold.
Which of the following facts best supports the following predictions?
The price of A.MEGA stock will rise immediately
B.MEGA's internal purchases will stop immediately
The price of C.MEGA stock will continue to decline, but the speed will slow down
The majority of D.MEGA stock will still be held by its senior executives and directors

a
In a hotel, there are four people A.B, C, and D of different occupations and nationalities.They come from four countries: Britain, France, Germany, and the United States.It is now known that Germans are doctors, Americans are the youngest and are police.C is older than the Germans, B is a judge and a friend of the British, and D has never studied medicine.
It follows that C is:
A.British
B.French
C.Americans
D.Not sure

b
Herd behavior: Individuals who are under the pressure of the group and who are in concert with others in perceptual judgments and actions.
Which of the following is not hereditary?
A.The speech was not wonderful, but everyone applauded, and I applauded
B.I think this song is good in my heart, but I didn't expect it was really popular
C.Leather coats are popular this year.Although I'm not affluent, I still grit my teeth and bought a leather coat
D.Since everyone agrees, I have nothing to say, I agree with everyone

d
Bigamy: The act of having a spouse and marrying another person, or knowing that someone else has a spouse and marrying them.
According to the above definition, which of the following is bigamy?
A.Li Xiaoqing has been in love with Wang Gang for many years, held a formal engagement ceremony, and has accepted many colorful gifts from Wang Gang's family, but then Li Xiaoqing broke the marriage contract and married a foreign man.
B.Huang was ill-treated by her husband, so he got along with a colleague of the factory.Sometimes they secretly went out to travel together.After knowing it, his husband sued to the court and sued Huang and his colleague to remarry.The real husband in my mind is that colleague.
C.Axue ’s family lives in a remote village in Jiangxi, married and has a son.During a trip, he was abducted by a fellow villager to a remote mountain village in Anhui, sold to Qiu of the village, and became Qiu ’s wife without registration.
D.Sun and Zhou were married for one year.They decided to divorce because of incompatibility.Zhou's parents immediately took their daughter home.Six months later, without going through the divorce formalities, Sun and another foreign woman married.Zhou also married a man in a neighboring village.

b
Participants in administrative reconsideration: refer to the parties to an administrative dispute and those who have an interest in the specific administrative act of the administrative dispute and participate in the administrative reconsideration.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not the participants of administrative review:
A.Third-party for administrative review
B.Appraisers for administrative review
Respondent of administrative review
D.Attorney appointed by a third party for administrative review

c
Bail pending trial: People's courts, people's procuratorates, and public security organs order the defendant to provide a guarantor, which guarantees the defendant not to evade or obstruct the investigation, prosecution and trial, and a mandatory measure that follows.
According to the above definition, which of the following situations is a warrant pending trial?
A.Zhang Qing was sentenced to one year's imprisonment for the crime of injury, because he was a first-time offender and had a very good guilty attitude.There is no need to go to prison to serve a sentence.During the test period, Zhang Qing's unit will inspect it.
B.Wang Rong, female, was sentenced to eight years in prison for manslaughter.While serving his sentence, Wang was actively transformed and released four years later, but a four-year trial period was provided.The sentence will no longer be enforced.During the test period, it will be supervised by the public security organs.
C.Dong, female, was examined by the procuratorial organs for suspected corruption, and the corruption was found to be substantial and the amount should be arrested.However, considering that his child is under one year of age, the inspectors decided not to detain before the verdict.The head of her unit has come forward to guarantee that she is at any time subpoenaed by the prosecutor's office and the court.
D.Ma was sentenced to five years in prison for fraud.He suffered severe rheumatic heart disease after serving two years in prison and was sponsored by his family to be transferred to a hospital for treatment.The public security agency was responsible for supervision during the treatment period.He recovered after six months Serve the remaining sentence in prison.

c
Suspension of litigation limitation: means that within the last 6 months of the limitation period of litigation, due to force majeure or other obstacles, the right holder cannot exercise the right of claim, and the calculation of the limitation period of litigation has stopped.
According to the above definition, which of the following situations will lead to the suspension of the limitation period?
A.A sues the court and asks B to repay the debt.The court accepted the case.During the trial, A died suddenly
B.A lends a few RMB to B and agrees to return it after one year.After expiration, B does not return it.After A urges, B agrees to return it.
C.A was injured by bicycle B on February 15 of the previous year, causing great losses.After the consultation, B was compensated by A to 2,500 yuan.Until February 10 this year, B still did not pay compensation.A was preparing to sue, but The flash flood erupted, and the roads were impassable.It lasted for more than ten days, so it was not until the end of February that A filed a lawsuit in the court.
D.Xiao Zhang and Xiao Huang are husband and wife, and the relationship between the two has been in conflict.Xiao Zhang sued to the court and asked for a divorce from Xiao Huang.The court accepted the case.Before the end of the trial, Xiao Zhang died of a car accident during a business trip.

b
Many researchers believe that RNA in brain cells is the physiological basis of memory, that is, RNA gives us the ability to remember.Since certain chemicals inhibit RNA synthesis in the body, we can use this RNA inhibitor to test the above This is true: RNA inhibitors are injected into animals that have mastered certain special reactions, and then the animals' memory of the learned reactions is tested.
Question: Which of the following test results can best refute the above statement?
A.After the injection of RNA inhibitors, these animals will not react to school.
B.These animals forget the response they had mastered after being injected with an RNA inhibitor
C.Many behaviors are affected after the injection of RNA inhibitors
D.Some animals that have not been able to consistently respond to what they have learned can do so after being injected with an RNA inhibitor

a
Under the current financial constraints, it is not advisable to increase the police force in City A.When calculating the expenditure required to increase the police force, it is not enough to take into account the pay of the additional police officers, but also to pay the court And the salary of new prison employees, due to the increase in the number of arrests, sentencing and supervision tasks caused by the increase in police force, it is bound to require the relevant agencies to increase their staff.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument?
A.Although the financial situation is tight, the proportion of the cost of additional police officers in the overall financial expenditure is very small
B.After increasing a certain police force, the crime rate in city A will be greatly reduced
C.Last year, City B ’s police force increased by 15%, arrests increased by 37%, and sentencing cases increased by 9.5%
D.There are other ways to cover some of the costs caused by the additional police force

d
There are three chess masters and three chess masters in a loop game, that is, each player must compete with the other five players.The game scoring rules are as follows: Defeating the chess master can get 2 points and defeat the international A female chess master can get 1 point; a chess grand master loses 2 points in a game, and a chess master loses 1 point in a game.If;
A chess master has lost two games, so how many points can he get?
A.0 points
B.1 point
C.2 points
D.3 points

a
The table tennis coaching team will select four players from the right-handed players R, S, T and left-handed players L, M, N, O to participate in the Olympic Games.At least two right-handed players are required to participate And the four players selected can be paired with each other for doubles.It is known that s cannot be paired with L.T cannot be paired with N and M cannot be paired with L or N.
If R is not selected in the eight teams, how many different selection methods are there?
A.Only one
B.Two
C.Three
D.Four types

a
In the United States, 45% of the blood donated by blood donors is type O blood.Type O blood is essential in emergency situations because there is no time to test the blood type of the recipient in emergency situations, and type O blood can be used by anyone.Type O blood is unique in that it is compatible with all types of blood, so people of any blood type can accept it, but because of this characteristic, type O blood is chronically in short supply..
From this we know:
A.Blood donors of type O are becoming more popular
The special purpose of B.O blood is that it is the same as most people's blood types
C.Transfusion of non-O blood to the recipient must know the recipient's blood type
D.In the U.S., 45% of people have blood type O, and type O is the blood type common to most people

d
China Southern Airlines currently offers online booking services for travelers, however, telephone bookings will not be reduced in the near future.
Which of the following items cannot explain the above phenomenon:
A.The online booking system is in a trial period, and many travelers prefer to book by phone for insurance purposes
B.At the peak tourist season, the number of bookings will increase significantly
C.The overwhelming majority of travelers who travel by telephone have not yet qualified to use the Internet
D.The cost of online booking services is much lower than telephone booking, and it also has other service functions not available in telephone booking

c
Test two hundred mice of the same type without leukemia, and let them receive the same dose and the same intensity of a certain kind of radiation, and then half of the mice will not be restricted to eat the food they usually eat, and the other Half provided them with the same food, but the amount was limited.It was found that 55 mice in the former group had leukemia and only 3 mice in the latter group had leukemia.
From this we know:
A.Whether or not they are exposed to a certain type of radiation, letting mice eat the food they normally eat increases the likelihood of developing leukemia
B.Leukemia is not related to any kind of radiation in any kind of mouse
C.By controlling the amount of food these mice have, they can reduce their chance of developing leukemia from exposure to certain rays
D.All rats exposed to some kind of radiation will eventually develop leukemia

d
Non-procedural decision-making: refers to the unconventional decision-making of new problems that occur infrequently by managers in plan management.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are non-programmatic decisions:
A.Setting wages
B.Determine the distribution of year-end awards
C.Determine the selling price of the product
D.Decide whether to operate across industries

c
The crime of false accusation and framing refers to the act of fabricating facts and falsifying evidence for the purpose of framing others for criminal punishment, and falsely reporting to the relevant authorities.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts are not classified as frame crimes:
A.In order to avenge Wang's relentless and unintentional, Sun was out of nothing.He told the public security organ that Wang had raped her
B.In order to bring down others, Sun reported to the procuratorial organ that the general manager has major economic problems, but after review by the procuratorial organ, the general manager has no economic problems
C.Zhang repeatedly made rumors and rumors that Ge had an improper relationship with Sun, which resulted in the breakdown of Ge and his wife's relationship.
D.In retaliation, Qian lied about the theft of his family's property, and provided the public security organs with false suspicions that Jiang was seriously suspected

b
Analogical reasoning: refers to the conclusion that two objects are the same in a series, and one of them is known to have other attributes, and the conclusion that the other object also has the same other attributes.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are analogical reasoning:
A.Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter all orbit the sun in an elliptical orbit, so all large solar system planets orbit the sun in an elliptical orbit
B.California in the United States is similar to the natural environment in southern China.Southern China is suitable for citrus cultivation, so California, USA is also suitable for citrus cultivation.
C.Only by establishing the necessary rules and regulations can production proceed smoothly.Factory A's production did not proceed smoothly, so the factory must not have established the necessary rules and regulations.
D.We oppose all wrongdoing, and it is unjust to use power for personal gain.

b
Offences against public service: Refers to acts that impede the performance of official duties by state agents by threats of violence.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts are crimes against public service:
A.A public security officer collided with a person when he rode into the street to buy something.The impacted person was so angry that he caught the public security personnel and caused crowds to watch, which seriously affected the traffic order.
B.When prosecutor Xiao Liu from a prosecutor's office was investigating a corruption case, he was besieged, scolded, beaten by the family of the suspect Wu in the case, and threatened to smash Xiao Liu's house if he continued the investigation.
C.Accounting of a company Ye defendant has been guilty of embezzlement.Prosecutors went to Yemou company to check the accounts.Prosecutor Yangmou tore up the cover of a book because of his anger.Yemou's manager was very dissatisfied with Yang.Someone quarreled and recovered the ledger
D.Humou is a self-employed person and was fined for tax evasion.For this reason, Humou hated tax officials very much.One day Humou gathered a few hooligans and found the tax office cadre Dongmou's house, smashing all the windows and doors of his house.Go away

b
Economic legal person: refers to a social organization formed in accordance with legal procedures for production or management purposes, with independent ownership or management rights, and can enjoy economic rights and undertake economic obligations in its own name.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are economic legal persons:
A.Provincial Administration for Industry and Commerce
B.An advertising company
C.General manager of an enterprise
D.President of a university

c
Commission: Refers to brokers, agents and other intermediaries, the legal income obtained by introducing sales.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are commissions:
A.A dealer sells famous wine and gets the difference of 2 yuan between the ex-factory price and the wholesale price of each bottle of wine
B.Xiaoqian is an employee of a futures company, and the company pays him 2,000 yuan per month
C.A supermarket sells cigarettes on behalf of an enterprise, and the enterprise pays 10% of the supermarket's turnover
D.According to the introduction by the director of the Municipal Construction Bureau, Mr.Tian, the contractor, contracted a building.In return, Mr.Tian thanked Wang for 50,000 yuan.

d
Selective reasoning: Refers to a sentence in the premise that is a selective judgment, and then infers the conclusion based on the relationship between the selective judgment and the selection.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are optional reasoning:
A.Because everything in the universe is in the process of constant motion and change, the sun is also moving
B.All A belong to B and all C belong to A.so all C belong to B
C.If a company adopts a scientific management method, its labor productivity will increase.Recently, the labor productivity of a power generation company has increased, so the power generation company must adopt a scientific management method
D.Either social existence determines social consciousness, or social consciousness determines social existence.The history of social development fully proves that social consciousness does not determine social existence, so it must be social existence that determines social consciousness.

c
Non-discriminatory marketing: refers to the fact that the company does not consider the characteristics of each sub-market, but only focuses on the common characteristics of the market.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are indifferent marketing:
A.According to a market survey, a cosmetics company found that medium and low-end cosmetics featuring whitening were not produced, so it developed a cosmetic with whitening characteristics and promoted it in the market.
B.An enterprise finds that the health products produced by some enterprises can make high profits, so it imitates them and produces similar products
C.A multinational company, although very large, produces only one beverage and uses the same packaging and advertising in all regions of the world
D.After a market analysis, a company found that people in country A also prefer to drink instant coffee, so they sold a lot of instant coffee originally planned for domestic sale to country A.The packaging and price of coffee are exactly the same as those sold in China

d
Probation: Refers to a criminal court sentenced to criminal detention and imprisonment for up to three years.According to the criminal circumstances and repentance of the criminal, it is deemed that it will no longer endanger the society.During the test period, if the sentenced criminal does not commit a new crime, the original sentence will not be executed.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are suspended sentences:
A.Abscondence due to Zhang's fear of crime, the prison sentence that was originally sentenced two years ago has not been executed until today
B.Wang was sentenced to death for bribery and suspended for two years
C.Zhao was sentenced to three years in prison for hooliganism, but because of his severe liver disease, the people's court granted an out of prison sentence
D.Li was sentenced to two years' imprisonment for a warehouse fire caused by a major liability accident, but he showed repentance and was not serving a prison sentence

c
A.B, C, D, and Wu are on duty, from Monday to Friday, each person is on duty for one day.Requirements: B is ranked before D and E, and C cannot be placed on Tuesday.The distance between A and D is exactly Drive for a day.
Q.What day is the fifth person's shift order unique?
A.Monday
B.Tuesday
C.Wednesday
D.Thursday

b
Competition is inherent to the commodity economy.Recognizing that a socialist economy is a commodity economy, competition cannot be excluded.The formation and realization of the value of a commodity are done in competition.As long as there are commodity production and commodity exchange, competition will occur, and There are commodity producers competing against each other on the common market to select the best.
Can be derived from the above:
A.No competition in the planned economy
D.Corporate bankruptcy is a normal phenomenon in the commodity economy
C.Commodity economy first, then competition, the competition promotes the development of commodity economy
D.Competition comes first, followed by the commodity economy, and economic development drives fierce competition

d
The government should not allow tobacco companies to deduct advertising expenses from their operating income.In this way, tobacco companies will pay more taxes.They have to increase the price of their products, and the increase in product prices can play a role in reducing tobacco purchases.
The above conclusion is based on which of the following?
A.As more taxes need to be paid, tobacco companies will no longer continue to advertise or reduce their investment in advertising
B.If tobacco companies do not advertise, their sales will decline
C.The tax that the tobacco company increases is equal to the part of the profit that the price of the product increases
D.Tobacco companies cannot reduce costs in other areas to offset overpaid taxes

b
Engels once said: "In the Greeks it was genius intuition, and here we are strictly scientific experimental-based research results, so it has a much more defined and understandable form." Indeed, whether ancient Greece or ancient China once created a brilliant civilization, but it is not a culture suitable for scientific experiments; it is conducive to the production of intuition, experience, insight, and reason, but it is not conducive to the use of mechanical design and experimental techniques Dig a secret from nature.
From this, we know:
A.A civilization that is not conducive to the development of scientific experimental technology cannot be regarded as a truly brilliant civilization
B.Through scientific experiments, we can obtain research results in a more certain form
C.Strict scientific experiments are a better way to discover natural secrets than intuitive experience
D.Compared to other peoples of the time, ancient Greece and ancient China created a more brilliant civilization

b
The Xiao Wang couple invited Xiao Li and Xiao Zhang to their family ball.No man danced with his wife at the ball.Xiao Wang invited Xiao Li to dance.Xiao Li's partner was Xiao Zhang's wife, Xiao Ying's.Husband is dancing with Xiao Lan.
So Xiao Wang, Xiao Li and Xiao Zhang are:
A.Xiao Wang Yi Xiao Lan, Xiao Li Yi Xiao Ying, Xiao Zhang Yi Xiaoli
B.Xiao Wang Yi Xiao Lan, Xiao Li ~ Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang Yi Xiao Ying
C.Xiao Wang Yi Xiao Ying, Xiao Li Yi Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang Yi Xiao Lan
D.Xiao Wang Yi Xiao Li, Xiao Li Yi Xiao Lan, Xiao Zhang Yi Xiao Ying

a
In the United States, the use of computers for management is quite common.Mainly because computer hardware is cheap, the software is highly commercialized, and market demand for modernization of management is formed.In China, from the current situation of using computers for management, the level is very low.It mainly replaces some secretarial and statistical tabulation work, and rarely has higher-level applications such as management optimization, prediction models, and system simulation.
Can be derived from the above:
A.The application level of computerized management in China is low
B.Computers in China are more popular, but fewer are managed using computers
C.The reason why computerized management is not popular in China is that the hardware is too expensive and the degree of software commercialization is not high
D.The reason why computerized management is not popular in China is that there is no market demand for management modernization

c
New Year's Day 990 national social goods: total sales increased by 1.3% over the same period of the previous year.Sales of color TVs increased, clothing was basically flat, and products such as recorders and refrigerators declined to varying degrees.We should consider one fact: The Spring Festival is in February, and the Chinese New Year and the New Year's Day in 1990 are on the New Year's Day.We know that the Chinese New Year is the most valued Chinese holiday and the peak of consumption throughout the year.
Therefore, we can infer that, by the end of January 1990:
A.We have achieved some results in controlling price increases
B.China's "market weakness" situation has shown a clear turn for the better
C.China's market sales have not improved significantly
D.China's "inflation" problem has not been effectively resolved

c
Mercury is a deadly toxic element, and its acute toxicity is well known-it causes kidney failure, muscle tremors, memory loss, and even life-threatening.Now the mercury content in the fillings that dentists use to fill teeth often reaches 50%.Therefore, every responsible dentist should remove all mercury-containing fillings from the mouth of a filling patient and replace them with plastic fillings.
Which of the following statements best contradicts the above point?
A.Mercury is also found in some seafood, alcohol, beverages and pharmaceuticals
B.Fillers made of plastic are much more expensive than mercury-containing ones and are easily damaged
C.Mercury is highly toxic, but 50% mercury-containing fillers used by dentists do not substantially harm physical health
D.Most patients are satisfied with the use of mercury-containing fillings

b
A city's statistics bureau conducted a survey and analysis of the male-female ratio of the population within the city.The statistical results surprised them: the male-to-female ratio of the city 10 years ago was 1.02: 1, and now the ratio is rapidly rising to 1.39: 1 It is far higher than the national average of the city.Therefore, they believe that the work of the family planning department in this city has definitely had some problems in the past 10 years.
If true, the one thing that would most weaken the conclusion of the Municipal Statistics Bureau is:
A.In fact, the city's family planning department attaches great importance to the issue of controlling the gender ratio of men and women.A meeting is held every year to study this issue.
B.Building materials (stone mining) and construction are the economic pillars of this city.In the past 10 years, these two industries have absorbed a large number of male migrant workers from other regions, and very few female migrant workers.
C.In the last 10 years, the private purchase of B-ultrasound in rural areas of the city to identify the sex of the fetus, leaving no baby girl, and only giving birth to a boy is very illegal.
D.Ten years ago, the city's family planning department formulated a policy that stipulates that couples of childbearing age who only have one girl can receive corresponding financial rewards.

b
Industrial property rights: refers to the provisions of the law to enjoy possession of intellectual property such as inventions and distinctive marks used in production and distribution for a certain period and region.
Which of the following are industrial property rights:
A.Ownership of real estate such as workshops and workshops in a state-owned enterprise
B, the rights enjoyed by an electrical appliance manufacturer over a brand created through years of hard work
C.Property rights of a high-tech research institute in a chemical plant
D, Ownership of a foreign advanced assembly line production equipment recently purchased by an enterprise

b
Administrative behavior: refers to the behavior of state administrative organs and their staff members in exercising administrative rights, which has legal consequences to achieve the purpose of national administration.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following actions are administrative actions:
A.high-performance computers purchased by a municipal tax bureau are used to improve tax management
B, a public security officer forcibly searched the offender's private house without a document to search for the fugitive
C, a county consumer association helps farmers claim from operators selling fake seeds
D, the Education Bureau holds a parent-symposium on managing "random charges" in primary and secondary schools

c
Imitation: refers to the fact that an individual is stimulated by the actions of others, consciously or unconsciously, to make his behavior similar to others, without external control.
Which of the following is not imitation?
A.she thinks that others wear this kind of clothes very beautiful, so she went to buy it
B, the child saw the pedestrian kicking the cans on the ground and kicked the plastic bottle in his hand.
C, many experts predicted the same lottery number by accident, so Xiao Liu immediately bought 50 bets on the number
D, he originally wanted to cut in, but when he saw that everyone was lining up to buy tickets in order, he consciously walked to the end of the line.

a
Provocative defense: refers to the act of presuming to instigate others to attack themselves, and then infringe them under the pretext of "justified defense".
Which of the following are provocations:
A.a man commits adultery with a wife of B, and is beaten up by B, and then there is the idea of murder and revenge.A first goes to the entrance of B to call out the second wife, and then B fights out, and A stabs B with a dagger.
B, Wang and Zhao quarreled endlessly, Wang said: "If you scold again, I will hit you!" Zhao refused to show weakness: "You hit me and try." So the two started fighting
C, the three brothers scrambled for a family inheritance, and the boss broke it in an anxiety.The second brother and the third beat the boss together, and the boss fought back.
D.An unemployed man was caught and beaten while robbing someone's purse, so he fought back hard, causing casualties to the other party.

d
Guarantee: refers to the contractual agreement between the guarantor and the creditor.When the debtor does not perform the debt, the guarantor performs the debt or assumes the behavior of the person in accordance with the agreement.
Which of the following are guaranteed:
A.A lends 1 million yuan to B, and the contract stipulates that if B is unable to pay the debts after the debt is due, then he guarantees that the car owned by B's wife cake (separated from B) will be used to pay the debts.
B, deputy general manager Zhao uses a house in the city center as a guarantee to apply for a loan of 5 million yuan from the bank to alleviate the company's capital turnover difficulties.It is agreed that if the loan cannot be repaid when due, the house will be auctioned to pay off the debt.
C, Zhang San borrowed money from Li Si, and Wang Wu said, "I promise Zhang San can pay the money on time, otherwise I'll hit him."
D, because Li urgently borrowed 50,000 yuan from colleague Yan Mou, and asked Ruan Mou to sign as a guarantee

d
The four 100-meter athletes A.B, C, and D raced a total of four times.Among them, A was faster than B three times, B was faster than C three times, and C than D was three times.
Based on the above conditions, it can be inferred:
A.Ding ran at least twice at the end
B.Ding ran at least three times at the end
C.Ding ran all four times
D.Ding may be three times faster than A

c
A study has shown that if the mass of a neutron star exceeds 3.22 times the mass of the sun, the neutron cannot compete with its own gravity, and neutron collapse occurs.
Which of the following points strongly support the above conclusions:
A.There are black holes in the universe that are infinitely more massive than neutron stars.
B.There are many mysterious stars in the universe that are 3.22 times denser than neutron stars.
C.Gravity caused by no matter in nature that can support 3.22 times the mass of the sun
D.Collapse is one of the ways that a massive neutron star brings a new equilibrium to the interior

d
The private sector seeks to attract skilled research scientists by offering high salaries.As a result, most research scientists employed in the private sector make 50% more money than research scientists with similar skills working in government departments.So, unless the government hires Of research scientists are driven more by a sense of public responsibility than by their personal interests, otherwise the government may lose its most skilled scientists to the private sector, because none of these scientists will be in the private sector unable to find a job.
The assumptions on which the above discussion relies are:
A.Compared with the private sector, the scientific contributions of research scientists in government departments are difficult to be recognized
B.Currently, no research scientist working in the government sector makes more money than research scientists employed in the private sector
C.The number of highly skilled research scientists employed by government agencies is not as high as in the private sector
D.The government does not provide its research scientists with very good working conditions or additional benefits that should be compensated for low salaries

c
The geography teacher drew the graphics of Asia, Europe, America, Africa, and Oceania, and coded each graphic, and then asked five students to come up and identify each continent.The students' answers were different, A: 3 It is Europe, 2 is America; B: 4 in Asia, 2 in Oceania; C: 1 is Asia, 5 in Africa; D: 4 in Africa, 3 in Oceania; E: 2 in Europe, 5 in America.Geography teacher said, "You are each half right."
Based on the above conditions, Which of the following judgments are correct:
A.1 in Asia and 2 in Europe
B.2 in Oceania, 3 in Africa
C.3 in Europe and 4 in Africa
D.4 is America, 5 in Africa

d
A company stipulates that only employees who have worked in the company for more than 20 years or have outstanding performance can enjoy the special allowance issued by the company.Although Xiao Zhang has only worked in the company for 3 years, he now enjoys the special allowance issued by the company.Therefore, he must have made outstanding performance.
Which of the following options are most similar to the above reasoning:
A.If you want to get good results, you need to study hard and use proper methods.Although Wang Yang is hard-working, but his grades are not very good.
B.For a criminal to commit a crime, he must have both the motive and the time to commit the crime.In a case, A suspect has the motive but has no time to commit the crime.Therefore, A suspect is not the perpetrator of the case.
C.If it is both unscrupulous and extravagant, then a company will suffer serious losses.Although Dapeng has no unscrupulous operations, it has not experienced serious losses, which means that it has at least no extravagance and waste
D.A sound legal system or strong social control ability of the governor is an indispensable condition for maintaining the social stability of a country.The social stability of a country, but the legal system is not yet complete, so its governors must have strong social control ability

b
A survey by the Municipal Health Bureau found that in recent years, the number of adults with hepatitis B has increased year by year.However, the director of the Municipal Health Bureau said that it cannot be concluded that the incidence of hepatitis B is increasing year by year.
Which of the following is true and best supports the Secretary's statement?
A.The incidence of hepatitis B in adults is based on the results of several sample surveys conducted by the City Health Bureau.
B.Survey shows that hepatitis B cases among minors in AA city have dropped significantly
C.In recent years, the incidence of hepatitis B in rural areas of city A has declined
D.In recent years, more and more residents of city A have been vaccinated against hepatitis B

b
Scientists have concluded that there is at least the following conditions for the existence of life on the earth: first, the existence of liquid water; the second is to maintain a certain distance from the heat source to produce a suitable stable temperature range; in other parts of the universe, this The simultaneous appearance of two conditions is almost impossible, so it is impossible for other planets to have the same life as on Earth.
Which of the following can best refute the above points:
A.Liquid water and a stable temperature range are not the only conditions for life
B.The scientific and technological level of human observation of the universe has not reached a level high enough for humans to understand the entire universe
C.Scientists have found liquid water on a planet for a long time
D.Scientists predict that the environmental adaptability of cosmic creatures may be stronger than humans

c
Three young teachers, Ms.Cai, Ms.Zhu, and Ms.Sun are newly recruited in a school.Each of them teaches two subjects in six subjects: biology, physics, English, politics, history, and mathematics.Three of them have the following relationship: : (1) physics teacher and political teacher are neighbors; (2) teacher Cai is the youngest among the three; (3) teacher Sun, biology teacher and political teacher often come home from school together; (4) biology teacher ratio The math teacher is older; (5) On weekends, the English teacher, the math teacher and the teacher Cai often play volleyball together.
According to the above conditions, Teacher Zhu can be introduced:
A.History and biology
B.Physics and Mathematics
C.English and biology
D.Politics and mathematics

c
This kind of network-based information flow has its own fatal flaw, that is, it is difficult to ensure the authenticity of the information.Due to the lack of corresponding monitoring mechanisms and filtering procedures, anyone, any group can have autonomous awareness and network conditions.Becoming a maker of information flow can even guide the value trend and future trend of information flow.
The views directly supported by the statement above are:
A.Network information has the advantages of speed and speed, and lack of authenticity is its fault.
B.The producers of online information have a serious lack of social responsibility
C.Open information flow is random and accidental, which may have a negative impact on life
D.In the era of network information, the network is like a double-edged sword, which can benefit human beings, and may also have disastrous consequences

c
Although computers can help people communicate, computer games hinder the development of young people's communication skills.They spend their spare time on computer games instead of communicating with people.So, they spend their spare time on computer games Of teens have worse communication skills than other children.
The above conclusions are most likely based on the following assumptions:
A.Some passive activities, such as watching TV and listening to music, will not hinder the development of children's communication skills
B.Most children have other things to do besides playing computer games
C.Children who do not play computer games in their spare time are at least some of the time communicating with others
D.The enhancement of thinking ability brought by playing computer games has no substantial benefit to children's intellectual development

c
Government credit: The government obtains income as a debtor or arranges expenditures as a creditor in accordance with the commercial credit principle of borrowing and repaying, also known as fiscal credit.
Which of the following are government credits?
A.a county's finance collects 20 million yuan in taxes throughout the year, part of which is expected to be used for public facilities construction
B.In order to build an environmentally friendly city, its municipal government ordered heavy polluting enterprises to withdraw from the city and imposed huge fines.
C, the Ministry of Finance recently decided to issue a further 16 billion yuan of 20-year Treasury bonds.
D, a state-owned enterprise paid off part of its arrears and cancelled the enterprise through the bankruptcy repayment process

a
Venture capital: a type of equity capital invested by professional financiers in emerging, rapidly developing, and hugely competitive companies.
Which of the following is venture capital?
A.Yu Mouqi invested in a new battery manufacturing company on time and obtained 25% of his shares
B, a foreign boss heard that house prices would rise, so he bought three sets of well-decorated houses in the center of Hangzhou
C, Lao Wu purchases a lot of old-age insurance for himself and his wife every year, hoping to reduce the burden of child support
D, Xiao Song gave his savings to a "trustworthy" friend to issue a usury loan with an interest rate as high as 10%

d
Full-value currency: refers to such a currency, which itself has full intrinsic value, and it is exchanged with all the commodities in the commodity world for the actual value contained in it, which is an inherently equivalent exchange, The amount of intrinsic value determines the proportion of exchange.
Which of the following are full-value currencies?
A.credit card
B, USD
C, bank acceptance notes
D, precious metal currency

c
Guardianship: refers to the right of a civil subject to supervise and protect persons without and with limited capacity for civil conduct, and to exclude illegal interference by others.
Which of the following is the exercise of guardianship?
A.Security Service personnel follow the Seychelles President's visit and closely monitor the surroundings to ensure the President's security
B, a baby girl in an orphanage received selfless donations from several "expectant mothers" from all over the country
C, after the death of both parents, the young Xiao Ming lives with Grandpa, and Grandpa hurts Xiao Ming
D, Zhang San was in a car accident, his left leg was broken, and he was in good condition under the care of his wife.

a
Unit crime: Refers to the behavior of a company, enterprise, institution, agency, group that seeks benefits for the unit and is executed by the unit's decision-making body or by a responsible person to endanger the society and be punishable according to law.
Which of the following are unit crimes?
A.a person in charge of a milk production enterprise decided to mix expired milk into fresh milk for packaging and sell it, making a profit of more than 500,000 yuan, and a food poisoning incident was subsequently reported.
B, a company's financial company forged a company seal and signed an order, owed a huge amount of indemnity, and prepared to escape, and finally went to jail
C, the person in charge of a company, in the name of the company, distributed the huge year-end profit of the year to his subordinates in the form of dividends
D, a salesperson of a company, Chen, fraudulently used the name of the company's general manager to commit fraud and squandered more than 100,000 yuan in stolen money within a month.

d
If four hours of sleep cannot be guaranteed, the brain will not be well rested; if the brain is not well rested, most people will feel mental fatigue the next day.
So it can be inferred?
A.as long as the brain is fully rested, mental fatigue can be eliminated
B, most people's spirit comes from lack of sleep
C, if you only sleep for three hours, you will be mentally fatigued the next day
D, if the brain is well rested, four hours of sleep must be guaranteed

a
The parliament of a certain country intends to discuss seven bills in four days.The discussion arrangement must meet the following conditions: a maximum of three bills per day; bill four must be placed on the second day; bill one and bill five are discussed on the same day; Proposal No.4 was discussed after Proposal No.2 and before Proposal No.3; Proposal No.3 was discussed before Proposal No.1 and after Proposal No.6.
Which two of the following motions can be discussed on the first day?
A.bill 6 and bill 7
B, bill 2 and bill 3
C, bill two and bill five
D, bills 5 and 7

d
Computers with wireless Internet access also have antenna radiation, because the keyboard is also an antenna.Each key on the keyboard is covered with a vertical and horizontal grid, which itself forms an antenna, and each key is scanned by high-frequency electromagnetics at any time.It can emit a large number of electromagnetic waves.Usually, people only pay attention to blocking electromagnetic waves in the case, but they ignore the electromagnetic wave leakage of the keyboard to a large extent.
Based on the above discussion, which of the following can't be inferred?
A.computers with wired Internet have antenna radiation problems
B, the case has the function of preventing the electromagnetic waves from leaking out of the case
C, people's protection against computer electromagnetic radiation exists
D, long-term work in the electromagnetic wave environment is likely to cause human damage

a
Now more and more young people live together without registration.As a result, due to various reasons, when civil disputes such as property occur, they cannot be legally recognized and protected.Therefore, marriage registration prevents the relationship between the two from breaking down.The role of many unnecessary disputes
Which of the following can best strengthen the above argument
A.modern marriages are becoming increasingly unstable and divorce rates are getting higher
B, not every pair of unmarried cohabitants will have civil disputes
C, modern young people value the relationship between men and women more
D, some non-marital cohabitants later went to get a marriage certificate

c
Music appreciation does not only exist as a receiving part of music, it also influences music creation and edges by means of feedback.Its aesthetic judgment and aesthetic choices often influence the aesthetic choices of composers and performers.Musicians must pay attention to the feedback of music listeners to adjust and improve their artistic creation.
From the above materials, can it be inferred?
A.music appreciation is the process by which the music appreciation comprehends the creator's sense of musical beauty
B, all musicians, and composers pay attention to feedback from music listeners
C, the aesthetics of music listeners is also important for musicians
D, music creation is actually a process of collective labor, not something done by someone alone

b
It is incorrect to say that seniors over the age of 60 are not interested in the supergirl entertainment show.A recent survey report from a college showed that 83% of the 3,500 seniors who returned the questionnaires The elderly said that they really enjoyed watching Super Girls.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.the college's questionnaire survey lacks authority, and its preparation accuracy value is discussed
B, the elderly who filled out and returned the questionnaire are actually under 60
C, a few elderly people who returned the questionnaire were actually under 60
D, most seniors who return the questionnaire also like other entertainment programs at the same time

a
All organisms have life; lactic acid bacteria are a kind of organisms that are suitable for living in an anaerobic environment; if the organisms have life activities, then the organisms must have breathing movements.
From the above discussion, can it be inferred?
A.breathing exercise can also be performed under anaerobic environment
B, Lactobacillus is a creature without breathing movement
C, lactic acid bacteria will stop breathing in an anaerobic environment
D, few organisms that can survive in anaerobic environment

b
According to the survey, most TV viewers are quite disgusted with the same advertisement repeatedly played in TV programs.Therefore, some people think that the purpose of the manufacturer's advertising is not only not achieved, but even has a negative effect, which ultimately affects the product sales.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.as long as the ads are wonderful and creative, there are still many audiences who are willing to watch
B.The purpose of the manufacturer is to allow the audience to remember the products they are selling without taking into account the feelings of the audience at the time
C, some TV viewers do some housework or take a break during advertising time
D, TV advertisements of many powerful large companies often use the same advertisement repeatedly

b
Seven athletes (No.1 to No.7) participated in the 100-meter run final.No two people reached the finish line at the same time.It is known that ① No.7 runs faster than No.1 and No.1 is faster than No.② No.3 reaches the finish line.No.5 runs the slowest ③ No.6 runs to the end, No.5 runs to the end
Is it possible that one of the following options is correct?
A.athlete number seven wins fourth or seventh
B, athlete number six takes third or fourth place
C, athlete number one wins fourth or sixth place
D, athlete number one takes third or fifth place

b
Ideology: A system of ideas that represents the interests of a certain class or social group formed on a certain socioeconomic basis.
Which of the following are ideological?
A.Although the stock market is down this week, most shareholders believe that the stock will rise next week
B.A Provincial Federation of Literary and Art Circles Calls on Everyone to Resist Vulgar Culture and Purify the Cultural Environment in the New Era
C.Photographer Xiao Han posted a group of photos of a poor Tibetan primary school student in a well-known forum, asking everyone to donate for it, and many people responded, causing a stir on the Internet.
D.The moment when "Chang'e-1" was successfully launched, the whole country cheered and celebrated

c
Liquidity preference: Keynes proposed a desire and preference for people to keep some assets in the form of currency.It is a psychological motivation and people are willing to hold on hand in order to meet daily expenses, unexpected expenses and speculative profit-making activities at the appropriate time.Has a tendency to cash.
Which of the following phenomena are not one of the mobile preferences?
A.Banks have repeatedly cut interest rates and the national savings rate remains high
B.In order for the child to go to college in the future, Jin Ming has been saving for his child since he got married
C.In the recent period, the stock market situation has been bad, and many investors have withdrawn from the stock market.
D.Li Ming usually works frugally and saves money without spending money because he is afraid of sudden shortages after being laid off

a
Self-fulfilling expectations: When we have expectations or expectations of the consequences, certain behaviors will be triggered.Expectations can form self-encourage or other people's encouragement through self-suggestion or other person's suggestion.Positive expectations produce positive results, while negative expectations produce negative results.
Which of the following phenomena are not "self-fulfilling expectations"?
A.Her classmates say she is beautiful, and the more I look, the more I look beautiful.
B.He was always worried that he was introverted and could not pass the interview.As a result, he was particularly nervous and was eliminated during the interview.
C.The constellation book said that her academic studies were not smooth this year, so she was decadent and negative, and the final exam really failed.
D.Relatives and friends praised him for being smart, and he will definitely be admitted to a prestigious university in the future.After being encouraged, he studied harder and was admitted to Peking University.

b
Stigma: A dynamic process in which a group imposes human inferiority on another group and maintains it.It is a stereotype of the negative characteristics of a group, and thereby masks other characteristics, and becomes essentially a group The indicator corresponding to the feature.In this process, the most commonly used strategy by the strong and unstigmatized party is "tagging".
Which of the following phenomena are not stigma?
A.Deteriorating public security in a city, citizens complain that the migrant workers are flowing into the city
B.Hangzhou-born Wei despised his wife from the countryside, thinking she was rustic and uneducated
C.A restaurant advertises: "This restaurant recruits a waiter, no one from XX will consider it"
D.In old Shanghai, northern Jiangsu was regarded as a lazy group and excluded from the Shanghai marriage circle

d
Overlord clause: Some operators have unilaterally formatted contracts, notices, statements and store announcements or industry practices for consumers to unilaterally evade legal obligations and reduce their liability.
Which of the following are overlord clauses?
A.Unemployed youth Wang and the other three people forcibly occupied the parking lot of the vegetable market and claimed that they must pay ten yuan to park
B.Self-employed Hong Mou severely threatened Zhao, who also runs the rice wholesale business across the street, "If you dare to open the door earlier than me, I will smash your shop"
C.When a store holds a store, it is written on the electronic billboard that: the audience is hot, full 400 minus 150; do not crowd, enter the queue; children under 1.4 meters must be accompanied by parents
D.The glass of a clothing store reads: Products sold during the discount period are non-returnable

a
The four couples A.B, C and D participated in a ballroom dance.In the beginning, the four gentlemen's partners had their wives.Later, they exchanged their partners three times: ① Mr.B and Mr.C exchanged their dance partners; ② Mr.A Exchange dancing partners with Mr.C; ③ Mrs.B and Mrs.Ding exchange partners.
Q After three exchanges of dance partners, which of the following dance pairs is correct?
A.Mr.A and Mrs.Ding
B.Mr.C and Mrs.B
C.Mr.C and Mrs.Ding
D.Mr.Ding and Mrs.A

b
If the GDP growth rate is greater than 3%, the per capita income of urban residents and farmers must increase.
Assuming the above inference is correct, which of the following must be correct?
A.The per capita income of urban residents and farmers has increased, so the GDP growth rate must be greater than 3%
B.The per capita income of urban residents has increased, while the per capita income of farmers has decreased, then the GDP growth rate must be less than or equal to 3%
C.If GDP growth rate is less than or equal to 3%, the per capita income of urban residents must decrease
D.Even if the per capita income of urban residents and rural areas has decreased, the GDP growth rate may be greater than 3%

a
In the past three years, the sales of Jetta computers have grown rapidly.In the same period, the brand ’s spending on television advertising has also increased significantly.Therefore, some people believe that the increase in sales of Jetta computers is due to Promotion effect.
Which of the following is true that would weaken the above conclusion?
A.Few buyers of Jetta computers notice the brand's TV commercials
B.Hongyuan computer is Jetta's main competitor, and its TV advertising is more invested
C.Few people noticed the Jetta computer TV commercial
D.The total demand for computers has increased significantly in the last three years

c
The most controversial issue? How can plants respond in this way? Humans and other advanced animals integrate signals from their environment through the nervous system and brain, and respond.But plants have no nervous system and no brain, so they must be done by other means.The most likely explanation is, Their response relies on the reception of certain hormones and electronic signals, and a coordinated feedback system.
It can be inferred from the above.Next, the question that the author is most likely to express?
A.A detailed description of how animals respond to external stimuli
B.Animals and plants have different sensitivities to external stimuli
C.Relevant research on plants responding to external stimuli by coordinating with certain hormones and electronic signals
D.Relevant scientists have huge differences in how plants respond to external stimuli

b
This dominant belief in modern times has an irresistible attraction: the sooner you get something you want, the more you will be able to get another thing you want.It's really questionable to say that it is attractive because of these The rhetoric completely goes beyond ethical considerations; without any sacrifice or self-denial; on the contrary, we have the help of technology to continue to move towards peace and prosperity, and all that is needed is that we should not behave stupidly, irrationally and hurt ourselves.
Based on the above text, one of the following inferences is incorrect?
A.Modern dominant beliefs transcend ethics
B.Modern dominant beliefs advocate self, reason, and science
C.The author's underlying attitude towards modern dominant beliefs is questionable
D.The road to technology will eventually lead to peace and prosperity

a
The supply school believes that only by understanding the tax effect of the above-mentioned income transfer can we hope to design a social welfare system that can help those who really need help and give the greatest incentives to those who work.Only when people work Only when the country saves and then raises the national capital stock can there be a distribution of national wealth.
The "tax effect of the aforementioned income transfer" most likely refers to:
A.The role of the current tax system in protecting workers' incentives is not enough
B.The current tax effect is to guarantee the minimum income and living needs of the poor
C.The current tax system encourages people to rely on benefits instead of working
D.The current tax system is concerned with maintaining personal income levels and spending power

b
The statistical results show that the number of college students receiving psychological counseling due to "psychological problems" has increased significantly in South Korea.Taking the Yonsei University Counseling Center as an example: 1,364 cases of consultation in 2003, and 3,485 cases in 2006, an increase of 1.5 times.The number of consultations at the University's College of Life and Culture also increased from 191 in 2004 to 285 in 2005 and 320 in 2006, showing an increasing trend year by year.
Which of the following is true and can most seriously undermine the view that the reason for the sharp rise in consultations is the increase in psychological problems among college students?
A.Increased mental pressure on future prospects and employment, and Korean college students suffering from mental pain have increased sharply
B.Before 2004, college students in South Korea did not accept psychological counseling, even if they had psychological problems.
C.Investigation shows that in recent years, the case of a university consulting center in South Korea has shown a downward trend.
D.Since 2005, many universities in South Korea have established psychological counseling centers

b
People can accurately obtain the absolute age of the earth through isotope determination.It has been found for a long time that radioactive isotopes in rocks will automatically and gradually decay into non-radioactive daughter isotopes at a constant rate, while releasing energy.As long as the temperature, With constant pressure and other factors, people can obtain accurate values.Of course, this method also has disadvantages.When the isotope age determination is performed, it is difficult to select the sample to eliminate the effect of thermal degradation in the later stage.If the sample is weathered The nature of the rock is far from that of the parent rock, and the determined age value often cannot represent the true age of the rock formation.
It can be inferred from this text:
A.Isotope determination remains the only reliable and accurate method for determining rock formation age
B.Accurate sampling is one of the keys to obtain an accurate geological age of a region through isotope determination.
C.Isotope determination is only suitable for rock formations that have changed drastically in some geological years and therefore contain a large number of radioactive elements
D.Human knowledge is always limited, and scientific measurements are not necessarily credible

c
Mozi was familiar with Confucianism, but finally rejected Confucianism.The most important of these was to deny Confucianism with "different love" and to deny Confucianism to be "philanthropic." He believes that Confucian love is thick, different, and different.Level, concentrated in his own family, and there are family differences in the family.In fact, the final criterion is to see the distance with himself, so the core is still himself.Such love is selfish love.He advocates "common love", also It is to get rid of selfishness, to love others is to love yourself.
It can be inferred from this text:
A.Mozi was a pioneer of great patriotism
B.Moxue put forward a requirement of "familiar love" to the ruling class from a higher angle, which is more practical
C.Mozi advocates breaking the hierarchical feudal patriarchal concept and pursuing an imaginary equality society
D.Hierarchy is an inevitable phenomenon in the development of human history

d
The avalanche body can withstand a force of 40 to 50 tons per square meter of the surface of the hit object.The impact force is very amazing.During the high-speed movement, the avalanche body can also cause the air to violently oscillate, causing an atomic bomb explosion in front of the avalanche faucet.The powerful air wave of the shock wave.The avalanche body is likely to be stopped in steep rocks or river valleys.However, the avalanche air wave will continue to climb mountains and mountains in the direction of the avalanche movement, destroy forests, houses, and overturn vehicles.Humans and animals may suffocate when they encounter it.
It can be inferred from this text:
A.The impact of the avalanche body is even greater than the atomic bomb explosion
B.The power of avalanches can generally only reach places where steep rocks or valleys are rapidly changing.
C.The main threat of avalanches to mountaineers is hypoxia
D.The range of avalanche air waves is much larger than that of avalanche bodies

b
Cocktail party effect: At a cocktail party, many people are engaged in various conversations at the same time, but one person can only pay attention to and participate in one of the conversations at the same time.This is a problem of attention distribution.Due to limited psychological resources, only Filter and filter the information, taking the most important or interesting information at this time as the object of attention.As a selection filter, attention is like a knob on the radio.On the one hand, it blocks most of the unwanted information and on the other hand, it stays.Needed information to bring it into consciousness.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following are not part of the cocktail party effect?
A.The audience listened attentively during the lecture, totally disregarding the lightning and thunder outside.
B.He moved from one topic to another at the birthday party
C.Few people noticed that Zhou Xingchi had a running dragon in the 83 version of "The Legend of the Condor Heroes"
D.At the wedding, the guests set their eyes on the bride and groom

d
Daydream: Refers to a mode of altered state of consciousness.Attention no longer resorts to responses to environmental stimuli, but instead turns to responses to internal stimuli.Mind reports reflect that attention has deviated from the task currently required, without Point to any current external stimuli.In general, daydreaming is a common activity when people are alone and relaxed, and it is most common in the short moments before people fall asleep, when they are awake, when they eat, and when they are sexual.
According to the above definition, which of the following is daydreaming phenomena?
A.When watching Korean dramas, she often imagines herself as the heroine in the drama
B.At noon, he dreamed that he became a millionaire
C.Xiaoming suffers from schizophrenia and often says he is the emperor
D.She felt that the lover she missed day and night was right in front of her.

c
Buried things in civil law refer to things that are hidden in other things and are not easy to find from the outside.Buried things have the main thing, but everyone is unknown, not a non-owner.Cultural relics with historical, artistic and scientific value are not Belonging to the burial.
According to the above definition, which of the following is buried things?
A.Lao Zhang saw Lao Li bury a bag of things, and Lao Zhang dug it out without notice
B.A leather bag found by Lao Zhang on the bus
C.Lao Zhang excavated an 80% new iron hoe while cultivating the land
D.An abandoned computer picked up by Mr.Zhang in the garbage dump

d
Matthew effect: Any individual, group or region, once it succeeds and progresses in a certain aspect (such as money, reputation, status, etc.), it will produce a cumulative advantage and there will be more opportunities to achieve greater success and progress.
According to the above definition, which of the following is Matthew effects?
A.Professor, the more famous the experts, the more research funding, the more social part-time jobs
B.The state always focuses on investing in prestigious schools.Those schools that are fully invested and have absolute advantages in hardware and software may not be able to continue to become prestigious schools.
C.In the frenzy of the stock market, it is always the banker who makes the money, and the retailer is always the one who loses.The money of the general public will be gathered into the hands of a few people in this form.
D.Manager Chen likes to buy lottery tickets.Recently, he has repeatedly bought and even bought new cars.The neighbors envy him and ask him how to choose a number.

c
Obsessive-compulsive disorder: A neurosis that manifests obsessive-compulsive ideas and compulsive movements as its main manifestation.It is characterized by the simultaneous existence of conscious self-compulsion and conscious self-compulsion.Repeatedly appears restrained.
According to the above definition, which of the following is obsessive-compulsive disorders?
A.Model Xiao Zhang recently forced herself to eat less whenever she attended a party in order to maintain a slim figure
B.After the Spring Festival, high school student Xiao Chen wants to hang out with his classmates and has to force himself to read at home in order to get a good university.
C.Every time Ms.Lin walked out of the gate, she suspected that her gas was not turned off or the door was unlocked, so she returned to check
D.Introverted Li wants to confess to the girl she likes, but she is also afraid of being rejected.She thinks repeatedly throughout the night that she cannot sleep.

a
Some math teachers in Qingnian Middle School have obtained a master's degree.Therefore, some male teachers in Qingnian Middle School have obtained a master's degree.
Which of the following is true to best support the above argument?
A.Mathematics teachers in Youth Middle School are male teachers
B.Some of the male teachers in Youth Middle School teach math
C.Some of the math teachers in Youth Middle School are male teachers
D.Some female middle school math teachers do not have a master's degree

b
The traffic management department of H City said that compared with last year, the road traffic in the city's urban area has improved significantly this year.The person in charge of this department believes that this is due to the city's employment of a large number of transportation assistants.
Which of the following would not undermine the person in charge most?
A.Earlier this year, a special meeting was held in H City to study and rectify traffic problems.
B.Many experts believe that hiring a large number of transport coordinators is costly
C.Earlier this year, the new road expansion project in the urban area of H City was just completed
D.This year, city H has imposed strict restrictions on vehicles entering the urban area.Many large trucks and foreign vehicles cannot enter the urban area during the "peak" period of traffic.

b
When the gunfire subsided, I climbed out of the tent and saw the man who asked me to lie down with his face down.People around him said he was dead and apparently died of a heart attack.This is also a lot of Congo People's endings will not die in the rain of gunfire, but they will also die in various diseases.
From the above text, it is speculated that the most important thing in the emotion that the author witnessed the death of the man was?
A.Indifferent
B.compassion
C.Condemnation
D.Anger

c
To describe morality as saintly legislation is to a large extent deviates from morality.As Engels said, "the marriage without love is immoral" is the immorality in feudal ethics.This kind of so-called moral classness, this kind of ideological morality, is just pseudo-morality, and cannot prove that morality has different properties in different classes.
It is inferred from the above text that the original intention of the author is the most unlikely?
A.Morality is not saintly legislation
B.Moral is easily alienated as a means of control for the ruler
C.Moral concepts in feudal ethics become the spirit of tragic marriage
D.Under the political pressure of long-term class rule, the ruler has controlled the moral discourse

d
I believe in you, because you are innocent."This is logically inexcusable.When you want to know if he is innocent, you have no confidence in him.which is the trust? If you believe in God, then You can't ask God to come to you and let God prove it to you.If you trust others, you can't ask others to be innocent.Trust has no reason or premise.
From the above text, it can be inferred that the author's view of trust is correct?
A.Innocent people need trust
B.Trust is to pay silently without any reward
C.Trust in others is exactly the same as faith in God
D.Trust is to trust your trust itself, not the truth

c
"The religion is an inner instinct, or temperament.It independently, without the aid of feeling and reason, can enable people to realize the infiniteness under different names and various camouflages," explained Max Haller, the founder of Western religion."The ability to interpret religion as" independently, without the aid of feelings and reason, to understand infinity "is really brilliant.Let religion stand on" infinity "and get rid of the" entanglement "of scientific knowledge once and for all.No matter how scientific knowledge develops, it is always "limited", and those "empirical facts that have not been explained by the scientific knowledge system" will always become "limits"-the domain of "God and God".
Can you infer from the above text?
A.The author believes that Max's cleverness lies in his mastery of infinite understanding.
B.Max supports the theory that the world is never known
C.The author believes that Max's explanation makes "infinity" a domain of "God and God"
D.Scientific knowledge cannot reach the core of wisdom that supports religious development and even prosperity

d
A research study shows that young people in the post-80s and post-90s prefer popular singing songs, but are not interested in singing methods such as Bel Canto and Nationalities, which are gradually being eliminated by the times.
Which of the following is true and is the most effective refutation of the above conclusions?
A.Many middle-aged people like bel canto and national singing
B.Some young people with formal music education prefer bel canto and folk singing
C.Popular music not only brings entertainment to young people, but also expresses their ideas and wishes more truthfully
D.The survey shows that the popularity of Bel Canto and folk singing has steadily increased since the 1980s

b
Compared with those college students who do not play football, college students who often play football are generally healthier.It can be seen that football can exercise and improve physical health.
Which of the following is true that would most weaken the above assertion?
A.College students play football out of hobbies, not to exercise
B.College students who are not in good health generally do not participate in intense football
C.Football is also dangerous and easy to hurt
D.Research shows that long-distance running is more effective than playing football

d
Economists believe that the government's regulation of energy use is redundant, and the market can completely adjust the contradiction between energy supply and demand.If energy is really tight, then reflected in the market, energy prices will naturally rise, and energy prices will rise.On the one hand, people use less energy because of increased use costs, and on the other hand, energy suppliers increase their supply because of increased profits.
Which of the following is true to forcefully challenge the above statement?
A.When energy prices rise, people will use more energy-efficient products
B.Because of the unbearable increase in the cost of living caused by rising energy prices, people will protest the government's inaction in energy management
C.Lower energy prices will stimulate people to use more energy
D.Inelastic demand for energy

c
There are five colors of red, blue, yellow, white, and purple balls in five boxes.A.B, C, D, and Wu guess the color of the balls in the box.A: The second box is purple.The third box is yellow.B: The second box is blue, the fourth box is red.C: The first box is red, the fifth box is white.D: The third box is blue, and the third box is blue.The four boxes are white.E: The second box is yellow, and the fifth box is purple.After opening the box, everyone found that they only guessed one, and only one person guessed each box.
Can it be inferred from this?
A.The ball inside the first box is blue
B.The ball inside the third box is not yellow
C.The ball inside the fourth box is white
D.The ball inside the fifth box is red

c
Lien: refers to the debtor's failure to perform due debts, the creditor can lien the debtor's movable property that has been legally occupied, and has the right to receive priority compensation for the movable property.
Based on the above definitions, is the following statement about whether the actor has a lien correct?
A.A entrusts B to keep an item.During the storage period, B finds that the item has a quality problem, so he hands the item to C for repair.After repairing, A refuses to pay for the repair cost, and C has no right to keep the item.
B.A borrows 10,000 yuan from B.The repayment period has expired.A has not repaid.B has a lien on the machinery and equipment in the factory A.
C.Company A and B have signed a transportation contract, which stipulates cash on delivery.After B has delivered the goods to the destination, Company A has not paid the freight, and B can leave the shipment
D.Li entrusted Sun to purchase a batch of products for a fee.After Sun bought the products, Li did not pay the agreed remuneration, and Sun did not have the right to retain the batch of products.

b
Phobia: An irrational, inappropriate sense of fear about an object or an environment.Once faced with such an object or environment, although there is no danger at the time, the person with phobia will still have an extreme Sense of fear.
According to the above definition, which of the following is phobias?
A.Ms.Chen was timid since she was a child.She went to the countryside to pass through the door of a farmhouse in turn, and a big wolf dog came out and stared viciously at her.
B.Engineer Xiao Xu feels like he is in the deep sea every time he sees a picture with the deep sea printed on it, surrounded by the dark and deep sea water, feeling difficult to breathe, his heartbeat speeding up, and afraid to look at those pictures Glance
C.After dinner, a little drunk old colleague insisted to send everyone back.Xiao Li shouted to get off before he even got to the gate of the community, because he couldn't stand the mental pressure of being afraid of a car accident.
D.After watching a Japanese horror movie, Xiao Qian felt that the horror scenes in the movie always appeared in his mind, and he couldn't sleep well for several days.

a
Formal justice: refers to the equal treatment of the same event by individuals or authorities, and the control of all people according to a unified standard (not based on the position of the individual or the special group to which it belongs).
According to the above definition, which of the following is forms of justice?
A.National employment of civil servants
B.Adjusting income disparity through tax leverage
C.Establish a protected area to protect endangered organisms
D.The government sets a guide price for a commodity that is well below the market price

b
Recidivism: also known as recidivism, refers to the crime in which the criminal behavior and the illegal state caused by the behavior continue in a certain period of time.
According to the above definitions, are the following acts continued?
A.There are an improper male and female relationship between Sun and her husband's wife Zhang.After being discovered by Zhang's husband, Zhang broke off the relationship with Sun.
B.Lee reported that Wang Mou, the director of a police station, committed fraud for personal gain.In order to retaliate against Li, Wang Mou illegally detained Li for 3 days in the name of law enforcement.
C.Zhang has been practicing medicine illegally for more than three years, resulting in 1 death and 2 physical disabilities
D.During the smuggling of drugs, Wang was confronted by the border guards.Wang violently resisted the inspection.

d
Impression management: refers to the process by which people try to manage and control the impression that others have formed of themselves.Generally, people tend to display themselves in an image that fits the current social situation or interpersonal background to ensure that others treat themselves Make a pleasant review.
According to the above definition, which of the following is impression management?
A.A Hong Kong celebrity agent tried his best to increase celebrity participation in TV entertainment programs to increase popularity
B.The chairman criticized Manager Chen and said that customers see your office messed up like this every day, where can they have confidence in the company?
C.Lin could not help but hit him when he heard his classmates secretly talking about him.
D.Before the interview, Xiao Li made careful preparations in terms of clothing, hair style, etc., in order to succeed

c
All A belongs to B, some A belongs to C, all B belongs to D, and no E belongs to C.
Which of the following cannot be deduced from the above discussion?
A.Some C belongs to D
B.No penta belongs to D
C.Some A belong to E
D.All A belong to Ding

c
A survey of the physical activity of residents in city A shows that the number of residents who regularly participate in physical exercise has been rising for the past two years, while the number of customers in the fitness center has declined slightly.
Which of the following, except for one, can help explain the above contradiction?
A.The fitness center does not carefully count the customers, and the accuracy of the statistics is questionable
B.To save money, many residents switched to the park for exercise
There are many samples taken in the C.A city survey, so the survey has high accuracy
D.Many new fitness centers have been developed in the city in the past two years

a
Theft incidents in a residential area of a city before 2008 often occurred.In 2008, at the request of the residents, the property management department installed a technologically advanced multifunctional anti-theft system for the community.It shows that the multifunctional anti-theft system plays an important role in preventing the occurrence of theft time.
Which of the following is true to best strengthen the above conclusion?
A.Thefts in other communities in the city have increased significantly since 2008
B.Another multi-functional anti-theft system is also installed in another residential area of the city, but the effect is not good
C.Since 2008, the city has strengthened public security management and the number of thefts has decreased
D.Taking other anti-theft measures can also have a certain effect on preventing theft

b
At the beginning of December 009, the names of the newly elected academicians of the two academicians were announced successively, followed by statistical data disclosure: Of the 35 new members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, 80% are current officials of universities or research institutions: among the 48 new members of the Chinese Academy of Engineering More than 85% are current officials; newly-elected academicians under the age of 60 of the Academy of Engineering all have the positions of president, dean, vice president, chairman, etc.All believe that "official status" has played a very large role in the selection of academicians.effect.
Which of the following is true and would best contradict the above conclusion?
A.Academician selection does not stipulate that officials cannot be elected
B.Many very good scholars have held administrative positions
C.A small percentage of scholars with official status
D.Good officials can serve as scholars

c
Relevant data show that since 2005, the number of Guangdong university graduates' self-employment has accounted for about 1% -2% of college graduates of that year.Taking 2008 as an example, only 1.2% of recent college graduates chose to start their own business.In western developed countries, this number is 20% -30%.From this perspective, college students in developed western countries have more entrepreneurial talents.
Which of the following is true and most likely to question the above conclusion?
A.China has fewer policies to encourage college graduates to start businesses, and the entrepreneurial environment is not good
B.The absolute number of Chinese college graduates is higher than that of western developed countries
C.The rate of entrepreneurial success of college students in western developed countries is not higher than that of Chinese college students
D.College students in developed western countries prefer to challenge themselves

d
City A sells more books than City B, so residents in City A are more likely to read than residents in City B.
Which of the following will weaken the above conclusions?
City A.has more population than city B
B.There are many residents in city B who buy books in city A
C.B residents are accustomed to borrowing books from the library
The average selling price of books in D.A is slightly higher than in B

c
Although everyone is beginning to resist fur products of rare animals, there are still furniture manufacturers who use the fur of cherished animals for furniture accessories.A few years ago, experts invented a new highly imitation synthetic fur, which has been widely praised by home manufacturers.However, according to statistics in recent years, the hunting of rare animals in order to obtain fur has not decreased.
Which of the following is correct and most helpful in explaining "there is no reduction in killings"?
A.The cost of producing new high-quality synthetic fur is lower than that of the original synthetic fur
B.The texture of the new high imitation fur is similar to that of animal fur, and it is difficult to distinguish
C.The fur of most rare animals is used in the increasingly popular fur clothing
D.Homemakers often give home accessories as free gifts to buyers when selling large home items

a
There are 20 staff members in a unit.① Some people have a bachelor's degree; ② The person in charge of the unit is not a bachelor's degree; ③ Some people are not a bachelor's degree.Only one of the above three judgments is true.
Which of the following correctly represents the number of staff with bachelor's degrees in the unit?
A.20 people have a bachelor degree
B.Only 1 person has a bachelor's degree
C.20 individuals are not bachelor degree
D.Only 1 person is not a bachelor's degree

c
Only by skillful and hard work can you create amazing results.The business manager of a company has achieved extraordinary results, which shows that the business manager has practiced skillful and hard work.
Which of the following inference structures is formally identical to the above reasoning?
A.If a person commits a crime, then he will be subject to criminal punishment, and Zhang will be criminally punished, which shows that Zhang has committed a crime.
B.This plant can only bear fruit if it blooms, this year it has not bloomed, so it will not bear fruit.
C.Only those who pass the National Unified Judicial Examination can engage in the profession of lawyers.Xiao Li is engaged in the legal profession, so Xiao Li has passed the National Unified Judicial Examination.
D.This grape can only get a good harvest under specific soil and climatic conditions.Now this grape does not get a good harvest, indicating that there is no such specific soil and climatic condition.

b
Among the seven candidates are three women: Zhang Li, Sun Mei and Zhu Ping, and four men: Zhao Hai, Wang Bo, Li Tian, and Hu Qing.Three of these seven candidates are to be selected to form a committee.And meet the following rules: Sun Mei and Wang Bo cannot be selected at the same time, and Hu Qing cannot be selected at the same time as female candidates.
Q If Zhao Hai and Li Tian are not selected, how many possibilities are there for the composition of the committee?
A.One
B.Two
C.Three
D.Four types

b
Xiao Wang, a college student, took the postgraduate entrance examination and took a total of four subjects: politics, English, professional subject one, and professional subject two.The sum of the results of the political and professional subject one is equal to the sum of the other two subjects.The sum of the scores in subject two is greater than the sum of the other two subjects.The score in specialty one is higher than the sum of those in politics and English.
According to the above conditions, Xiao Wang's four subjects in descending order are:
A.Professional Subject I, Professional Subject II, English, Politics
B.Major Subject 2, Major Subject 1, Politics, English
C.Major Subject 1, Major Subject 2, Politics, English
D.Professional Subject Two, Professional Subject One, English, Politics

c
In general, Parkinson's disease is caused by the death of dopamine-producing cells in the human brain.University of Washington researchers have experimented with some genetically modified Diptera insect fruit flies, which are growing older Over time, dopamine cells will gradually die.Scientists were surprised to find that when they squeezed tobacco and coffee into juice and fed these fruit flies, the dopamine cells of the fruit flies increased, and the fruit flies became viable again.Therefore, researchers point out that people who have a cigarette addiction and a coffee habit are less likely to develop Parkinson's disease.
If the following are true, the above speculations cannot be questioned:
A.There are differences in the mechanism of dopamine cell production in human and Drosophila brains
B.Of the 4 groups in the experiment, 1 group had the opposite result
C.Excessive secretion of dopamine cells in the human brain can lead to violent crime
D.Most diptera insects produce increased dopamine cell division after obtaining new food species

c
A theft occurred, and after investigation, a total of two people committed the crime.The police arrested four suspects, A.B, C, and D.The criminal must be two of them.Upon inquiry, A said: "Ding is a criminal." B said, "A is a criminal." C said, "I am not a criminal." Ding said, "I am not a criminal either."
After investigation, two of the four said false words and two told the truth.Which of the following may be true?
A.A.Ding committed a partnership
B.C and D committing crimes in partnership
C.A and C partner in crime
D.A and B partner in crime

a
An expert issued a statement on the current multiple parties' questions about the safety of regional aviation.He said that the safety standards implemented by regional aircraft are basically the same as those of Boeing and Airbus, and the structural strength of large and small aircraft is the same.Passengers feel that regional aircraft are bumpy It is because the larger the aircraft, the stronger the anti-interference ability, so it feels smooth.In fact, there is no difference in safety between regional aircraft and mainline aircraft.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the expert's point of view?
A.In recent years, the development of regional aviation in China has been too fast, and the problems of regional airport management and equipment lag have become increasingly prominent.
B.In mature aviation markets such as North America and Europe, regional aviation accounts for nearly 40%
C.In an aviation accident, it is very important that passengers have the ability to leave the aircraft in a timely manner
D.Some patients with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases are unwilling to take a regional flight

c
At a general election for a university student union, Zhang Hua and four other contenders registered for the chairmanship of the student union.None of the other four contenders had all the advantages of Zhang Hua.
Which of the following conclusions can be logically drawn from the above conclusions?
A.The other four candidates have some disadvantages
B.Zhang Hua is the best student and has the qualifications to be elected chairman of the Student Union
C.The other four candidates are not as good as Zhang Hua
D.Zhang Hua has all the advantages of the other four candidates

d
Some people say that watching TV will affect the learning of elementary school students, but a survey of a school found that students who watched TV at a school for a longer period of time performed better than students who watched it for a short time.It affects pupils' learning.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above inference?
A.They surveyed school is not very representative
B.Watching TV can broaden the horizons of primary school students, increase their knowledge, and help learn
C.Parents of primary school students at the school let their children watch some educational TV programs
D.Parents of elementary school children are allowed to watch TV only when their children have achieved good grades

d
Geopolitics: It is a combination of geography and politics, also known as geopolitics.It pays attention to the influence of geography on the characteristics, history, and structure of international politics, especially its relationship with other countries.It considers geographical factors as influences and even determines a country's foreign politics.A basic factor in decision-making, and based on these geographical factors and the geographical formation of the political pattern, analyze and predict the strategic situation of the world or region and the political behavior of the countries concerned.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not geopolitical views:
A.Germany has both land and sea, and has favorable conditions for competing for world supremacy
B.For a country to develop "sea power", it must first be geographically accessible to the oceans of the world
C.Whoever rules Eastern Europe controls the heartland
D.Civilization conflict will dominate global politics, and the fault line between civilizations will become the future battle line

c
Administrative license: Refers to the act of an administrative organ granting citizens, legal persons, or other organizations permission to engage in specific activities upon examination in accordance with the law.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are administrative licenses:
A.The provincial government approved the land acquisition application materials submitted by a municipal government.
B.Company B appoints Sun Qiang as Plenipotentiary and makes it responsible for business negotiations with foreign parties
C.The CBIC issued a business license to a school cafeteria based on its application
D.The Public Security Bureau of Ding agrees to release the bail pending trial based on the application of the suspect

b
Marginal effect: When consumers add a unit of consumer goods one by one, the unit utility brought by them gradually decreases.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are marginal effects:
A.Hong Mou ventured into the sea and made 600,000 in the first year, 200,000 in the second year, and lost money in the third year.
B.Cheng was very curious when he took the child to the museum for the first time, and the child was very happy when he went there the second time, but when he went to the fifth and sixth time, the child was a little tired.
C.Guo is a senior philatelist enthusiast.The last day of his collection of baby stamps was finally collected the day before yesterday.The excitement was even happier than hugging his grandson.
D.Fan invited a friend to dinner, and the wine went down one bottle at a time.

c
Syllogism: Based on the premise of two blunt propositions containing three different terms, one blunt proposition is concluded, and every two blunt propositions have a common term inference.
According to the above definition, Which of the following syllogistic reasoning is:
A.Either you said it wrong, or I heard it wrong, and I did not hear it wrong to indicate that you said it wrong
B.If the cold wave comes, the temperature will drop, and the temperature has not dropped, indicating that the cold wave has not arrived
C.Mercury is a metal, and metals are conductive objects, so some conductive objects are mercury
D.Lao Zhang is a painter, Lao Li is a musician, they are friends, so painters and musicians can be good friends

b
Robbery: It refers to the act of forcibly robbing public and private property with violence, coercion or other methods for the purpose of illegal possession.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts constitute robbery:
A.A puts a lot of iron nails on the road.B rides by bicycle and the tire are punctured.When A gets out of the car and checks, A quickly removes the bag in the basket of B.
B.Party A and Party B broke into C's house at night, using shotguns to force C to take cash and bank card
C.A sees B holding the mobile phone in his hand, touches B's hand forward, B's mobile phone falls to the ground, A quickly picks up his mobile phone and runs away
D.A hates B.He stuns and flees when it is dark.Later, A returns and finds that B has not yet woke up, and then takes away B's watch.

a
Conditional civil legal act: A civil legal action that determines the conditions under which the effect of the action occurs or is eliminated is attached to the expression of intention.
Which of the following is a conditional civil juristic act?
A.A and B enter into a house lease contract, which stipulates that the contractor will terminate the contract as soon as the son of the lessor A gets married and needs to arrange a new house.
B.A said to B: "If my son is admitted to a prestigious university, I will invite you to dinner."
C.A and B signed a summer grain sales contract, which agreed to take effect in mid-November.
D.A and B agree: If A helps B to fight B's enemies at night, B will pay A 1,000 yuan.

c
Administrative cost: The price paid by the government for the public management of the society and the provision of public services to the public, including direct administrative costs and indirect administrative costs.
Which of the following does not involve administrative costs:
A.A government department merges agencies to streamline workforce and streamline staff.
B.In order to cope with the increase in private cars, a district government has established two new underground public parking lots.
C.A commercial bank opened a mobile banking business for the convenience of customers.
D.A public security bureau recruits traffic assistants to assist traffic police in maintaining traffic order.

b
Management without cause: There is no legal requirement or agreed obligation to manage affairs for others.
Which of the following actions that are not causeless management is:
A.A takes in a lost child and asks him about his parents' address while letting him eat and live in his own home.
B.After A disappears, his property custodian B manages A's property.
C.A saw several people beating B and immediately stepped forward to stop it.
D.A's neighbor B's house caught fire, and A was afraid that the fire would burn the children of house B, so he implemented a fire rescue.

d
Simple propositions: Propositions that do not contain other propositions.They can only be analyzed as different terms, and they can no longer be analyzed as other propositions, so they are also called "atomic propositions".
Which of the following is not a simple proposition?
A.Xiaoming and Xiaohong are friends
B.Life is movement
C.Rolling the dice with a 4 point probability is 1/6
D.Xiao Zhang is both tall and fat.

d
Role conflict: When a person plays a role or plays several different roles at the same time, due to incompetence, it causes inappropriate contradictions and conflicts.
Which of the following situations that are not a role conflict is:
A.Some freshmen are very uncomfortable in the new living environment after entering school.
B.An employee of a company was promoted to sales manager because of his outstanding performance, but he felt powerless.
C.During the holidays, Zhang's wife wants him to accompany her to travel, and his mother wants him to go home with his parents.
D.In a primary school in a remote mountain area, a teacher taught both mathematics and Chinese, but the students did well in both subjects.

c
It is impossible for all Shenzhen people to be rich."
Which of the following assertions has the closest meaning to the above?
A.Some Shenzhen people may not be rich
B.Some Shenzhen people may be rich
C.There must be Shenzhen people who are not rich
D.Certainly, most Shenzheners are rich

b
Xiao Sun doesn't know how to swim and play tennis."
Based on the above statement, which of the following assertions must be true?
A.If Xiao Sun can't play tennis, he will definitely swim
B.If Xiao Sun can play tennis, he must not swim
C.Xiao Sun can neither swim nor play tennis
D.Xiao Sun can swim but can't play tennis

d
On the premise that "If Xiaoqiang and Li Chao are not outstanding Communist Youth League members, then Zhou Hong is an excellent Communist Youth League member", if it is necessary to introduce "Li Chao is an outstanding Communist Youth League member",
Which of the following needs to be added as a prerequisite?
A.Zhou Hong is not an excellent Communist Youth League member
B.Sun Qiang is an excellent Communist Youth League member
C.Zhou Hong is an excellent Communist Youth League member, while Sun Qiang is not an excellent Communist Youth League member
D.Sun Qiang and Zhou Hong are not outstanding Communist Youth League members

c
In the summer vacation, Xiao Zhang's parents reported to Zhang Zhang a photography interest class and an art interest class.Xiao Zhang said after knowing that I don't want to be a photographer in the future, so why study photography.
Which of the following is the premise included in Xiao Zhang's answer?
A.Learn photography is not necessarily a photographer
B.Xiao Zhang wants to be a painter rather than a photographer
C.Only if you want to be a photographer, you need to learn photography
D.Compared with photography, Xiao Zhang prefers to draw

c
There are 8 people in the dorm room of a university, three are Cantonese, one is Beijinger, two are northerners, one is a guarantee student, and three are poor students.
Assuming that the above introduction involves all the students in the dormitory, Which of the following judgments and questions about the students in the dormitory are contradictory:
A.Students sent from the North
B.Beijingers are neither a guarantee nor a poor student
C.Two poor students are Cantonese
D.None of the students from Heilongjiang

a
The average annual salary of Hongda's management staff is 200,000 yuan, while the average annual salary of the sales staff is 180,000 yuan, and the average annual salary of all employees of the company is 120,000 yuan.
If the above information is correct, which of the following conclusions can be drawn?
A.At least one employee has an annual salary lower than the average annual salary of the salesperson
B.No salesperson has a higher annual salary than a manager
C.At least half of the managers' annual salary is higher than the average annual salary of the sales staff
D.HTC has fewer managers than sales staff

c
If a person is in city A.it will be considered immoral; if a person is not moral, no one will be friends with him in city A; if a person has no friends in city A.it will be too difficult for him to continue to stay here.From the above description Medium
Which of the following conclusions is drawn?
A.A person littering in city B but can still stay in city A
B.If a person is highly moral, then he can stay in City A
C.Xiao Li, who lives in City A.throws the watermelon rind to the ground while crossing the road, then he will have a hard time staying in City A
D.Xiao Wang's absence in City A indicates his lack of moral cultivation

c
In order to cope with drought in a certain area in the north, the water consumption of residents has been severely restricted.However, the current storage capacity of the reservoir is the same as that of the drought in the area 5 years ago.Since the water consumption of residents was not restricted at that time, it is not Should be restricted.
Which of the following statements is true and would most seriously weaken the author's claims?
A.Resident water consumption accounts for a large proportion of total water consumption
B.Since the last drought, the local government has taken some water-saving measures
C.Significant increase in population in the region over 5 years
D.No new reservoirs have been built in the area since the last drought

d
Scientists have found that female gorilla cubs that are "bred up" by mothers can be replaced by machines that can assume part of the mother's role.When they have offspring, it is difficult to assume the role of mother.Humans and gorillas have great similarities.It shouldn't be managed by a babysitter or daycare center, but should only be raised by their biological mother.
Which of the following statements is true to best strengthen the author's conclusion?
A.Studies show that individual differences in gorillas are not significant
B.When female gorillas "bred up" by mothers have offspring, they can be taught some parenting skills
C.Gorilla cubs reared for a short period of time by their biological mothers can assume the role of mother when they grow up
D.Gorilla cubs reared by female gorillas other than their biological mothers cannot assume the role of mother when they have offspring

b
A.B, C, D, D, Wu are brothers and sisters of a family.It is known that A is a boy and has 3 sisters; B has a brother and a younger brother; C is a girl with a sister and a sister; D Is the oldest among all people; Wu is a girl, but she has no sister; she has neither a brother nor a sister.
From the above description, which of the following conclusions can be derived?
A.Already female and youngest
B.Ding is female
C.More girls than boys among six siblings
D.A ranks third among six siblings

c
Change blindness: refers to a phenomenon in which the surface characteristics of an object change significantly in a short time, but humans can not detect it.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as changeable blindness:
A.In the TV series, there are wearing shots.Because the same scene was shot twice at different times, the main actor wore different clothes, but most of the audience did not find it.
B.A student was asking Xiaoli for directions, and it happened that someone carried a blackboard to pass between the two, and then Xiao Li told the other party how to go, but he did not find that the person was not the student who just asked for directions.
C.Xiao Wang heard a friend ’s adventure in South Africa and was very touched.He often thought about it.Later, he even thought it was his own experience.
D.Xiao Zhang saw a man walk into the opposite house, and then came out again, but he didn't realize that it was a woman who came out

c
Administrative coercive measures: refers to administrative agencies that, in order to prevent illegal acts, prevent the destruction of evidence, prevent harm, and control the expansion of dangers, impose temporary restrictions on the personal freedom of citizens in accordance with law, or impose restrictions on citizens, legal persons or other The organization's property is temporarily controlled.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are administrative coercive measures:
A.Public security organs restrict criminal suspects from leaving their residences or designated residences within a specified period in criminal proceedings
B.Traffic management department cleans up watermelons scattered on the highway in time
C.Public security fire department demolished the house connected to the fire to prevent the fire from spreading
D.Medical institutions force a mental patient to prevent it from harming others

d
The right to equal employment: means that citizens have the right to equal employment opportunities regardless of their ethnicity, race, gender, religion, family background, etc.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following do not violate the right to employment equality of job applicants:
A.Female college student Xiao Liu, a bachelor's degree, was hired because she was a female in several applications
B.When a company recruits, it is clearly stipulated that the relatives of the company's employees have priority over other candidates
C.Li's father is the leader of a county government.In the public recruitment of the county's public institutions, Xiao Li did not take the exam like other candidates and was directly accepted.
D.A food processing company refused to recruit a hepatitis B patient for food safety reasons during the recruitment process

c
Broken window phenomenon: If a house's windows are broken, no one will repair them.After a while, other windows will be inexplicably broken, so if the bad phenomenon in the environment is left unchecked, it will entice people to imitate it, and even worsen it.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not broken windows:
A.Some graffiti appeared on one wall and was not removed.Soon, the wall was covered with mess and unsightly things.
B.A clean place, people are embarrassed to throw garbage, but once there is garbage on the ground, people will follow it without hesitation, without being ashamed
C.An infectious disease occurred in a village.Due to the lack of quarantine, people in the entire village were infected very quickly.
D.In a classroom, two students talked secretly, the teacher did not stop, and soon most of the students in the class were chatting.

b
The crime of fraud refers to the act of defrauding large amounts of public and private property for the purpose of illegal possession by using fictional facts or concealing the truth.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following can constitute fraud:
A.A pretends to buy a suit in a shopping mall, and the salesperson B asks him to try it on.A puts on the suit and claims to look in the mirror.While B is receiving other customers, he sneaks away.
B.The person in charge of a gas station makes a big profit by making a fool on the meter, so that the actual amount of gas is less than the number displayed on the machine.
C.When A sold his villa at a low price, he concealed the fact that a homicide had occurred in it, and caused B to buy without knowing it
D.A sales lady A sells the real estate at the subway entrance to client B, saying that there is a lot of room for appreciation of the real estate.Two months after buying the house, the house price plummets, causing heavy losses to B.

d
In the 1960s, the University of California, Berkeley conducted a series of experiments on the cognitive capabilities of mice.In the experiment, one group of mice was placed in a cage full of toys, runners and tunnels, and the other group The mice grew up in empty cages.The experimental results showed that the brains of the former group were larger and their cognitive ability was significantly higher than the latter group.The researchers therefore reasoned: sufficient external stimulus Can alter the structure and capabilities of the brain.
Which of the following is true to best strengthen a researcher's inference?
A.In the experiment, the food of the former group of mice is more nutritious
B.After the experiment, the latter group of mice is more athletic
C.Later, the average lifespan of the two groups of mice was similar
D.Before the experiment, the individual differences between the two groups of mice were not significant

c
Because of the regulation that "vehicles that have crossed the stop line can continue to pass when the yellow light is on".Therefore, vehicles that have not crossed the stop line cannot continue to pass when the yellow light is on.
Which of the following logics differs most from this?
A.Because it is stipulated that "intermittent mental patients should be criminally responsible when they commit crimes when they are mentally normal." Therefore, intermittent mental patients should not be criminally responsible when they commit crimes when they are mentally abnormal.
B.Because it is stipulated that "administrative licenses can be set up in administrative regulations without laws", administrative regulations can not set up administrative licenses.
C.Citizens under 18 years of age and over 70 years of age cannot apply for a small car driver's license because it stipulates that "the age requirement for applying for a small car driver's license is 18 years of age or older and under 70 years of age.
D.Because it is stipulated that "citizens over 18 years of age can conduct civil activities independently".Therefore, citizens under 18 years of age cannot conduct civil activities independently.

a
People with both biological parents who have high blood pressure are five times more likely to have high blood pressure than those with no biological parents.Therefore, high blood pressure may be a genetic disease.
Which of the following is true.Can you best support the above conclusion?
A.People with biological parents who have high blood pressure, no matter how you pay attention to your lifestyle, the chance of getting high blood pressure is still high
B.People with biological parents who do not have high blood pressure will have a higher chance of developing high blood pressure after living with adoptive parents who have high blood pressure
C.People who have high blood pressure in their biological parents are more likely to get high blood pressure when they are under tremendous living pressure
D.People with biological parents who have high blood pressure can reduce the risk of developing high blood pressure before taking preventive treatment.

d
The bamboo buildings of the Dai people in Xishuangbanna use square pillars to suspend the house to prevent moisture and mosquito harassment.The reason why square pillars are used instead of round pillars is to prevent snakes from climbing into the bamboo buildings.
Which of the following is most likely the hypothesis of the above statement?
A.She people like to make things square
B.Snakes like to climb round pillars
C.There are many snakes in the tropical rain forest of Xishuangbanna
D.Snakes cannot crawl around square pillars

a
A.B, C, and D predict the items in the four drawers.A: There are no books in some drawers; B: There are books in all drawers; C: No pen in the second drawer; D: Third There are letters in each drawer.
If only one of the four's conclusions is true, which of the following must be true?
A.Pen in the second drawer
B.Letters in the third drawer
C.Books in four drawers
D.No books in four drawers

d
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), Klebsiella and other bacteria can cause a variety of diseases and infections.At the same time, various antibiotics often do nothing to help them.These discoloring bacteria are therefore called super bacteria In recent years, researchers have not only traced the source of microorganisms' whole-genome sequencing technology, but also the sources of other drug-resistant bacteria.Therefore, whole-genome sequencing technology can solve the disease problems caused by super bacteria such as MRSA.
Which of the following is true that would most weaken the argument?
A.Super bacteria will mutate as the environment changes
B.The cost of whole-genome sequencing is relatively high
C.Whole-genome technology could provide clues for finding drugs that inhibit superbugs
D.Whole-genome sequencing technology cannot kill super bacteria

b
Zhang Hong, Li Cong, Wang Min, one from Jiangsu, one from Zhejiang, and one from Guangdong.Zhejiang people are younger than Li Cong, Zhang Hong and Zhejiang people are different ages, and Wang Min is older than Guangdong people.
Based on the above conclusions, we can deduce:
A.Zhang Hong is from Jiangsu, Li Cong is from Zhejiang, and Wang Min is from Guangdong
B.Zhang Hong is from Guangdong, Li Cong is from Jiangsu, and Wang Min is from Zhejiang
C.Zhang Hong is from Zhejiang, Li Cong is from Guangdong, and Wang Min is from Jiangsu
D.Zhang Hong is from Zhejiang, Li Cong is from Jiangsu, and Wang Min is from Guangdong

c
After investigating the sports activities that a class of students likes, it is found that the students in this class either like playing basketball or badminton; if they like volleyball, they don't like badminton; the head of the class likes volleyball, so he also likes play table tennis.
Which of the following is the most likely hypothesis for the above argument?
A.The monitor of this class likes at least three sports activities
B.Students who like to play table tennis like to play badminton
C.Students who like to play basketball like to play table tennis
D.The students' favorite sports activities in this class are basketball, badminton, volleyball and table tennis.

b
Associate Professor Polin Strawn, a sociologist at the National University of Singapore, conducted a survey of local married and divorced people and found that couples who have been in love for a long time have a lower chance of breaking up after marriage than those who have been in love for a shorter time.So someone came to the conclusion that in order to have a stronger marriage in the future, it must be extended.
Which of the following is true that would most weaken the above conclusion?
A.The longer the relationship, the less likely they will get married.
B.It is more important for a couple to get to know each other more deeply during a love period than how long they have been in love
C."Instant love at first sight" crash marriage is easily broken
D.People who have been in love for a long time often forget that the purpose of love is marriage

d
The stereotype is the process of extending the overall impression of a group of people's behavior to individuals.It is formed due to differences in people's race (or ethnicity), religion, gender, age, etc.Stereotypes of a person can lead to Perceptual errors.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not stereotypes:
A.People in Northeast China are all living Lei Feng.
B.As the saying goes, "Family is born out of filial piety", Lao Li's family is poor, and his child must respect his parents
C.A company feels that people in some places are dishonest, so they did not hire Xiao Zhang from this area
D.The manager believes that Xiao Wang often makes mistakes in his work, so he should be cautious in his use in the future.

c
Garden refers to the beautiful natural environment and recreation created by applying engineering technology and artistic means in a certain area, by transforming the terrain (or further building mountains, stacked rocks, and water management), planting flowers and plants, creating buildings and laying garden roads.Realm.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are gardens:
A.In order to create a good working environment, a company has planted a large number of trees and flowers before and after the plant.
B.Lao Zhang contracted a mountain forest to build restaurants and guesthouses to attract city tourists to leisure and sightseeing
C.A certain area is set aside for the citizens to relax, build a corridor pavilion, a rockery fountain, surrounded by trees and flowers
D.The trees are lush, the mountains are beautiful, and many strange folk customs are left.

c
Subjective idealism regards a certain subjective spirit of the individual as feeling, experience, mind, consciousness, idea, will, etc.as the root and foundation of the generation and existence of everything in the world, and everything in the world is determined by these subjective spirits.which is derived is the manifestation of these subjective spirits.
According to the above definition, Which of the following views are not subjective and idealistic:
A.Life is dead, wealth is in heaven
B.Object and feeling are the same things
C.Go with conditions, go with conditions
D.Everything is in the air, filling the universe with a full heart

b
Mushrooms grow in dark corners, get no sunlight, no fertilizer, and spontaneously extinguish themselves.Only when they rise high enough will they start to be noticed by humans, but at this time they can already accept sunlight.People will see this phenomenon.Called the "Mushroom Effect".
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are the mushroom effects:
A.Xiao Liu is an MBA who returned from studying abroad, and served as a department manager as soon as he entered the company
B.Actor Xiao Wang often only played a small role for a few months when he first entered the industry, and later he became famous.
C.A unit has a system for managers at each level, and cannot be promoted without pre-training their own successors.
D.Xiao Li has been mediocre after work, and he was rewarded by a chance by chance.He was entrusted with a heavy task in a later large project.

a
The meteorological service economy includes two levels of meaning.One is to use meteorological services to prevent disasters and to prevent risks and losses; the other is to use powerful meteorological conditions to create benefits.People can use meteorological information as a basis for decision-making in economic activities First, according to the information provided by meteorological services, production and operation activities can be arranged to reduce economic losses and improve economic benefits.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are meteorological services economy:
A.Fishermen cancel sea operations based on typhoon alert
B.College students choose travel time based on the weather forecast
C.Telecom service provider releases SMS for paid weather forecast
D.Choose the best launch timing of the satellite according to the Earth's revolution cycle

d
There are four people: A.B, C, and D.If A is stocks, then B, C, and D are also stocks.
If the above assertion is true, then which of the following must also be true.
A.If A does not have stocks, then B, C, and D have no stocks
B.If A does not have stocks, then at least one of B, C, and D have no stocks
C.If B, C, and D are all stocks, then A is also stocks
D.If Ding does not have stocks, then at least one of A and B does not have stocks

d
Cao Cao, also known as King Wei Wu, was excavated in the tomb of Xigao cave in Anyang, Henan, with grave engraved with "Weiwu King Gehu Euphorbia" and a stone pillow with "Weiwu commonly used Wei Xiang stone"..
If one of the following is true, the above inference can be best strengthened.
A.Funeral objects are important evidence to prove the identity of the tomb owner
B.If no grave engraved with the words "King Wei Wu" is found in the tomb, it cannot be proved that the tomb is Cao Cao's tomb
C.The grave was found to be Cao Cao's tomb only if a funerary engraved with the words "King Wei Wu" was found in the tomb
D.As long as a funerary inscribed with the words "King Wei Wu" is found in the tomb, the tomb is Cao Cao's tomb

a
In order to force the factory to change its production process and reduce pollution, local residents have decided to boycott the factory's most sold product, fluorescent lamps, because residents believe that the most sold A boycott of the product can minimize the plant's profits.
If any of the following is true, the above inference can be questioned most?
A.The boycott only considers the sales volume of the product and cannot infer its corresponding profit
B.The boycott did not consider information such as the possible ways in which the plant could change its production processes
C.The boycott did not address other methods that would allow the plant to change production processes
D.Residents take a long time to achieve their goals through boycotts.

d
In recent years, academic misconduct and even academic corruption have intensified.Some people have plagiarized the research results of others, some have fabricated experimental data, and some have experimented with patients on their own, not only losing the bottom line of scholars, but even the bottom line of being a minimum Professor Li, a scholar, is very distressed by this.He believes that academic corruption has reached a point where punishment is imperative, but his wife, who is also a scholar, said: "I don't agree with you.Professor Zhang of our college is rigorous in his studies.He has never had academic misconduct
Which of the following best contradicts the views of Professor Li's wife
A.The role of example in punishing academic corruption is not enough.
B.Professor Zhang may also have academic misconduct, but it has not been discovered.
C.As a public intellectual, Professor Zhang should pay attention to his positive image in front of the public
D.Professor Zhang's situation is an individual case and cannot refute a certain law with universality

b
Snow leopard is a world-class endangered species, and it is a national-level protected animal.I think this is undoubtedly strong evidence of the rise of the snow leopard population.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above view?
A.Some countries have established protected areas to protect snow leopards
B.Snow leopard's living environment continues to deteriorate, and it begins to enter human living areas for food
C.Some snow leopards also come out during the day
D.Humans pay more attention to snow leopard activity than before

c
At present, the strategic direction for the promotion of new energy vehicles in China is to conduct demonstration applications in the field of public transportation.As of December 2012, there are about 27,800 new energy vehicles in the country, 80% of which are buses.The promotion of automobiles in the whole society is still relatively difficult, and it is difficult to popularize them on a large scale in the short term.
Which of the following, if true, cannot support the vendor's point of view?
A.The other 20% of new energy vehicles are mostly government vehicles
B.Incomplete supporting facilities such as maintenance outlets for new energy vehicles
C.The performance of new energy vehicles is no different from ordinary cars
D.At present, the public's awareness of energy conservation and environmental protection is not strong

b
This year, a country has relaxed controls on the sale of civilian firearms, and the incidence of shootings has risen rapidly.According to statistics, most of the shootings are related to the abuse of legally purchased civilian firearms.Restrictions on the sale of civilian firearms should be strengthened.
Which of the following best supports this statement?
A.The number of firearms smuggled in the country is far greater than the number of firearms purchased legally
B.Current severe punishment for shooting offenders is not sufficient deterrent
C.Most civilian firearms sold in the country are not lethal
D.Strict restrictions on the sale of civilian firearms can get national support

b
A charitable foundation received an unsigned donation.After investigation, it was learned that it was donated by one of Lin Chuan, Wu Fei, Zheng Fu, and Guo Bo.When asked, Lin Chuan said: "I "No donation", Zheng Fu said: "It was donated by Wu Fei", Wu Fei said: "It was donated by Guo Bo", Guo Bo said: "It was not my donation"
If only one of the four people told the truth, which of the following is true?
A.Lin Chuan told the truth, donated by Wu Fei
B.Lin Chuan told the truth and was donated by Lin Chuan
C.Wu Fei told the truth, donated by Guo Bo
D.Zheng Fu made a false statement and was donated by Zheng Fu

c
Scientists have developed a new type of nano-coating material that can cause any liquid to bounce off the surface of an object.For example, oils, wines, organic alkalis and solvents with low surface tension can be spilled on clothing made from this material., It will be rebounded immediately and will not stain the clothes.Therefore, some business people predict that if this material is used in large quantities to produce clothing, the sales of detergents will drop significantly.
Which of the following, if true, cannot challenge the business person's prediction?
A.Consumers often use detergents because they have a disinfecting effect
B.This coating material will affect the wearing comfort of the garment and thus affect the sales of the garment
C.It will take quite some time for the research results to be commercialized
D.People are used to washing clothes according to the time they are worn, whether or not the clothes have been soiled

a
A school newspaper was commissioned by the Student Union to conduct a sample survey among the teachers and students of the school and select the most popular student union cadres.As a result, Yao Jun received more than 65% of support and received the most votes.Based on this, the Student Union considered that the most popular student union cadre was Yao Jun.
Which of the following, if true, would weaken the student union's conclusions most
A.Most of this survey came from the department where Yao Jun is
B.Most respondents do not pay attention to student union members and their work
C.Some of the teachers and students of the school did not express their opinions in the survey
D.The design of this questionnaire puts Yao Jun first.

a
Contracting negligence refers to the fact that during the conclusion of the contract, one party's trust interest was damaged due to the breach of its obligations based on the principle of good faith, and the other party should be liable for damages; the other party's trust was established and valid, However, because the contract is not established or invalid, and suffers no interest, such uninterest is a loss of trust interest.
According to the above definitions, Party A does not need to bear the liability for negligence in contracting:
A.Both parties A and B negotiate and jointly build a pharmaceutical factory.Party A invests in technology and proposes that Party B needs to train relevant personnel before signing a contract with Party B.After Party B has invested 1 million yuan to train relevant personnel, Party A finds that there are problems with Party B's pharmaceutical technology , Suspension of cooperation with Party B
B.Party A claimed that there was a batch of high-quality rosewood to be sold to Party B.Party B immediately signed a supply agreement with Rosewood furniture for Party C and paid a security deposit to Party C.As a result, Party B discovered that Party A before signing the contract with Party A Rosewood to be sold is counterfeit
C.Party A wants to sell his house to Party B for 500,000 yuan, and requires Party B to buy it in cash within 10 days.To raise money for the house, Party B sells the newly purchased car at a very low price, on the 9th day When buying a house, Party A has sold the house to Party C and has completed the transfer formalities
D.Party A retaliated against Party B, claiming that it wanted to purchase a batch of fruits of Party B at a high price.Party B originally intended to sell the fruit to Party C, and then suspended the negotiation with Party C.As a result, Party A repented before signing the contract, causing Party B's fruit Rotate without selling in time

c
When people have a certain attitude towards a thing, whether it is tangible or intangible, it is called the object of attitude.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following incorrect understandings of attitude targets are:
A.Xiao Li is not satisfied with the jewelry that she just bought.Xiao Li's attitude is the jewelry
B.Lao Liu said, this wine is really bad.Lao Liu's attitude is the subject of wine
C.Xiao Wang is dissatisfied with the service of the tour guide.Xiao Wang's attitude is the guide
D.Lao Zhang dislikes his son's "啃 老" behavior.The object of Lao Zhang's attitude is "啃 老" behavior

c
Proximate effect refers to the emergence of opposing stimuli that can reverse the existing impressions in people's minds into opposing impressions.
According to the above definition, Which of the following situations are consistent with the causal effect:
A.Ever since Pharaoh volunteered in the nursing home, colleagues have looked at him very much.
B.Kobayashi's academic performance is not very good, but the level of badminton is very high, the students are envious of him
C.After a scandal about tax evasion by a well-known company was exposed, the public accused it of being "unscrupulous."
D.After the medical accident, the hospital sincerely apologized to the patient's family and reduced the medical expenses.The family expressed their willingness to forgive

a
Fat tail effect refers to the phenomenon that the extreme situation in the statistical sense is often abnormal.
According to the above definition, Which of the following phenomena are fat tail effects:
A.The welfare lottery betting station of Xingfu Community has won the first prize in five consecutive periods
B.The science and technology champions of the college entrance examination in J province this year are all girls.Everyone can't help but feel that now the boys can't pass the girls.
C.Affected by El Niño, heavy rain once in a century occurred in many parts of southern China
D.In the current table tennis competition, the previous champion Pharaoh played abnormally and was eliminated in the first round, which was a shocking surprise.

c
The Brace paradox phenomenon refers to the phenomenon that adding a road section to a transportation network not only does not reduce traffic delays, but also increases the travel time of all travelers on the entire transportation network.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following belong to the Brace paradox:
After removing a 6-lane highway and building an 8-kilometer park in A.H city, many road experts were surprised to find that the urban environment has improved and traffic conditions have not deteriorated.
B.To alleviate traffic congestion, G city changed several one-way lines connected to the city's main roads to two-way traffic.As a result, the number of traffic accidents increased significantly, and the traffic jam situation worsened
C.N City also built an underground tunnel below the main road in the urban area.Because the traffic at the entrance and exit is converged, the traffic after the tunnel is more congested than before.
D.W City has two new 4-lane asphalt roads that run through the city's east-west and south-north roads, and the traffic in the city is no longer as congested as before

d
The over-rationalization effect refers to giving people rewards for doing what they like, and allowing them to attribute their behavior to rewards, which weakens their self-perception-doing it because of interest.
According to the above definition, Which of the following situations are over rationalization effects:
A.Xiao Li rescued the child in the water and was rewarded with 10,000 yuan for the foundation
B.A TV show with low ratings attracts viewers with a grand prize, and more and more viewers come for the grand prize
C.With the improvement of the company's effectiveness, employees have complained because the bonus has not been increased accordingly.
D.In order to encourage Xiaoming who loves to paint, his mother paid 10 yuan to paint a picture.Xiaoming painted more but was a bit scribbled.

d
Offensive action in defense refers to offensive actions taken by defensive forces under favorable circumstances and situations.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following military operations are not considered offensive in defense:
A.Impact on the enemy that has entered the position, eliminate the enemy that has penetrated, and improve or restore the defense posture
B.The defensive army takes the initiative to attack the enemy with a small attack, and repels the enemy's attack
C.The unit that directly resists the enemy's impact, and takes the initiative to attack the enemy who is frustrated by the impact and stays at the front of the position to destroy the enemy and stabilize the defense situation.
D.The besieged army organizes a lean squad, jumps out of the encirclement, inserts to the enemy's side, attacks the enemy, and clamps down the sieging enemy

c
The birdcage effect is a psychological concept.It means that people will accidentally obtain an item that is not needed, and continue to add more related things that they don't need.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are consistent with the birdcage effect:
A.Wenwen bought online and bought several items more than expected in order to participate in the "full reduction" activity
B.Aunt Liu went to the supermarket to buy groceries, and found that the cleaning supplies happened to be on sale, and couldn't help but buy a bunch
C.Lili bought a skirt and gave it a sweater chain.She felt that there was no sweater to match, and she bought another sweater, but she never wore it.
D.Xiaoling's boyfriend gave her a bouquet of flowers.She was very happy and went to buy a beautiful vase.

a
Complete inductive reasoning, also known as complete inductive method, is based on the premise that each object (or subclass) in a class has or does not have a certain attribute, and concludes that all objects of this class have or do not have the attribute.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are inductive inferences:
A.The ancestors of U.S.residents migrated from abroad.The early residents were American Indians who migrated from Asia thousands of years ago.The later residents were Europeans.They were 250 to 350 years ago.Came here as a colonial pioneer
B.China invented the compass, papermaking, movable type printing and gunpowder very early, so China is one of the earliest countries in the development of civilization in the world
C.All people have a character.Reading enriches people, discussions make people wit, notes make people accurate, reading history makes people wise, reading poetry makes people smart, mathematics makes people thorough, physics makes people profound, and ethics makes Solemn
D.People from all over the world have always introduced and exchanged technology with each other.Western countries have introduced the "Four Great Inventions" of ancient China; Meiji Restoration in Japan has mainly introduced European technology; and corn and potatoes are grown in many countries today, Were bred by American Indians

d
Experiential teaching refers to the teaching concept and form of teaching by creating actual situations and opportunities, presenting or reproducing, and reducing teaching content, so that students understand and construct knowledge, develop capabilities, generate emotions, and generate meaning in the process of personal experience.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not experiential teaching:
A.After explaining the relevant knowledge essentials and operating procedures in detail, the coach sat at the co-pilot position, changed Xiao Li to the driving position, and drove on the road
B.Professor Zhao, who teaches the course of "Principles of Stocks," requires each student to open a stock account with a principal of 3,000 yuan.At the end of the semester, the results are evaluated by the number of transactions and the account balance.
C.A university planned a patriotic education activity of "Long March Road, the Motherland is in My Heart", and organized students to return to the snow-capped mountains and grasslands that the Red Army had climbed during the Long March.
D.In order to help students get rid of the "dumb English" predicament, Mr.Wang carefully collected a large number of videos that reflect the daily communication of British people for students to observe

d
After a TV variety show was broadcast, the show director claimed that the show had reached the highest level of current similar programs because the show had a 2% higher ratings than similar programs.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument?
A.The guests participating in the show have different opinions on the show
B.Audiences themselves enjoy watching TV variety shows
C.The director's Weibo has hundreds of thousands of comments criticizing the show
D.The level of the program is not necessarily related to the ratings

a
China is the country with the largest number of smokers in the world, and about one-quarter of the population smokes.In addition, there are 740 million non-smokers in China who are harmed by second-hand smoke, and tobacco control is imminent.However, on the one hand, smokers are physically and mentally harmful to tobacco.There is dependence; on the other hand, the state's tax revenue also depends in part on the tobacco industry.If tobacco is eliminated at once, not only smokers will have withdrawal symptoms, but even the state of the economy at all levels and places will also have "withdrawal symptoms".So Tobacco control in China can only be a gradual process.
Which of the following, if true, does not support the above assertion?
A.The number of deaths from smoking-related diseases in China exceeds the total number of deaths caused by AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria each year
B.If smokers do not slowly guide and encourage the process of quitting, smokers have a high probability of smoking again after quitting
C.From 1982 to 2012, the profit and tax of China's tobacco industry accounted for 7.4% of the national fiscal revenue
D.The current implementation of a comprehensive smoking ban is difficult and expensive, and it is difficult to achieve the expected policy effect

d
All citizens are eager to strengthen urban greening, but when citizens are required to pay for a greening plan, there are always people who think that they can enjoy the benefits of greening even if they don't pay, so they refuse to bear the cost.
Which of the following, if true, is the prerequisite for the above argument?
A.These people like to take advantage
B.These people think that greening should be funded by the government
C.Money for green options is mandatory
D.These people think that someone will always pay

d
When the spacecraft returns to the earth through the atmosphere, it will friction with the atmosphere and cause the temperature to rise sharply.In order for the spacecraft to safely return to the earth by overcoming the "thermal barrier", a foreign research institution made a new technical attempt on recovering the micro satellite EGG.During the descent, the hemispherical heat-insulation parachute formed by the expansion and expansion of carbon dioxide was opened, and then the atmospheric resistance it received increased significantly, and it slowly entered the atmosphere and fell smoothly.
The premise of the above technology attempt is based on:
A.Spacecraft surface material needs to be able to withstand ultra-high temperature
B.The cost of researching spacecraft heat-resistant materials is higher than the cost of a parachute
C.Overheating when a spacecraft falls into the atmosphere is a common problem in the descent process
D.Spacecraft entering Earth at a slower speed reduces friction-induced heat

a
Some experts have pointed out that there is a simple way to judge the authenticity of famous white wines: famous white wines that are ridiculously low in price must be fake, and any customized wines that are sold outside under the banner of a certain famous white wine are fake.If you buy from formal channels, you can buy really good wine.These channels are regular supermarkets or hypermarkets; second, the flagship store authorized by the famous liquor brand; and third, the official website of the famous liquor company.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the expert's point of view?
A.Some hypermarkets do not strictly control the entry of goods, and the sale of counterfeit and shoddy products often occurs.
B.There are many cases of online fraud, and the liquor sold by counterfeit famous liquor companies' official websites must be fake.
C.A TV promotion host claimed that although the famous liquor they sold was only half the market price, it was definitely not fake.
D.Custom wine produced by a premium liquor company is only used for internal reception, but it is true

b
The Turing test is a well-known test proposed by Turing in 1950 to test whether a machine can display the same or indistinguishable intelligence as a human.A person (code C) uses a language that the test subject can understand to ask the two Any series of questions that he cannot see, the objects are the machine (code A) and the normal thinking person (code B).After several queries, C cannot distinguish the essential difference between A and B, then this machine A passes the Turing test.
Which of the following, if true, cannot question the validity of the Turing test?
A.Two people face the same machine, the test results may be different; even if the same person faces the same machine, the results of the two tests will be different
B.Even if the Turing test tells us the results, we still use a set of human standards to determine whether a machine is intelligent
C.Tested machines cannot perceive or master human hidden emotions, such as irony, puns, satire, and lies
D.Human intelligence elements can be decomposed into aspects of insight, logical reasoning, etc., and the machines that pass the test only have the ability to make judgments based on the correct logic and strategy

d
For centuries, humans have always wanted to have a deeper understanding of deep-sea creatures.Almost all of the myths and tales spread around the world are about the giants of the deep sea.Many myths about humans exploring the sea in Greece, Norway and other places can be seen everywhere The existence of large squids and giant sharks shows that there are indeed unknown giant creatures on the sea floor in the deep ocean.
Which of the following, if true, would best strengthen the above argument?
A.The deep sea is the best place for legendary animals
B.Many myths are fictional and unbelievable
C.Deep-sea cameras do capture creatures living in the deep sea
D.Similar content in different regional myths is often a true reflection of reality

a
Due to the recent outbreak of various infectious diseases worldwide, China must increase 5% of its financial investment in vaccine development and health and epidemic prevention over the next five years, otherwise, it will not be able to effectively respond to the emergence of large-scale epidemics.From the current status of medical scientific research in China, if we can increase the financial investment by 5%, China's vaccine development can reach the world's advanced level.
It can be inferred from this:
A.In the next five years, China cannot effectively respond to the emergence of large-scale epidemics unless it can increase 5% of financial investment for vaccine development and health and epidemic prevention.
B.If vaccine development reaches the world advanced level in the next five years, China will not have a large-scale outbreak.
C.If there are no outbreaks of infectious diseases in countries around the world, China will not need to increase medical investment to respond to large-scale outbreaks.
D.If the financial investment is increased by 5% in the next five years, it can effectively improve China's medical research level

b
If he doesn't learn electric guitar, A Jian can't be the lead singer of the band; if he wants to play an instrument, he will choose to learn electric guitar; if he doesn't play an instrument, he will become the lead singer.
It can be launched from this that Ajian will:
A.When the lead singer
B.Learning Electric Guitar
C.Not learning electric guitar
D.Improper lead singer

d
When recruiting for a company, Zhang San, Li Si, Wang Wu, Zhao Liu, Qian Qi and the other 5 people were shortlisted.From the educational background, 2 people were masters and 3 were doctors; from the gender perspective, 3 were men and 2 were women.It is known that Zhang San and Wang Wu have the same gender, but Zhao Liu and Qian Qi have different genders; Li Si and Qian Qi have the same educational background, but Wang Wu and Zhao Liu have different educational backgrounds.In the end, only one female master applied successfully.
It can be concluded from this that the successful candidates are:
A.Zhang San
B.Lee Si
C.Wang Wu
D.Zhao Liu

c
Hidden hunger refers to the hunger symptoms of hidden nutritional requirements caused by the body's nutritional imbalance or lack of certain vitamins and essential minerals of the human body, while there is excessive intake of other nutrients.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are hidden hunger:
Uncle A is determined to go on a diet.He recently replaced the staple food with green vegetables and apples.
In order to get a fit body, B Xiaobai insists on six meals a day, with a small amount of each meal, which contains staple food, fruits and vegetables, and egg milk.
Uncle C, because of weak stomach, used Qing porridge and hot soup as his main diet for health.He didn't often eat big fish and raw cold fruits, but later suffered memory loss due to a lack of protein and vitamins in his diet.
D Xiaoli likes high-salt, high-sugar, high-calorie junk food.He is indifferent to the doctor's persuasion.He found that he had high blood sugar, high blood lipids, high blood pressure and other problems during a physical examination several years later.

b
The trolley management method refers to an innovative management model that integrates service objects into the service system and taps the potential resources of the service objects to improve the management service level with the service provider.This mode is for service providers and service recipients.It is a win-win strategy.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options are part of the trolley management method:
The student parent group arranged for the parents to take turns cleaning the class for free, and the school saved money for this.
B A bookstore encourages customers who come to buy books and read books to bring small folding stools.Customers feel very intimate and the bookstore's sales performance has greatly improved.
C Lao Zhang quit his babysitter and started to do the housework himself.
In order to establish a corporate image of "environmental protection, energy saving, and responsibility", D supermarket issues electronic red envelopes to consumers who bring environmentally friendly packaging bags.

d
Formal learning means that learners, under the organization and guidance of teachers, purposefully and systematically carry out academic or non-degree education and learning activities that take indirect knowledge as their content.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are formal studies:
In order for new employees to successfully get on the job, Company A provided a variety of experience exchange channels for employees to choose freely.
Xiao Wang B showed his son such programs as "Animal World", and his son learned a lot of biology and geography knowledge.
C Xiaobao was not interested in school classroom learning, and was later sent to Shaolin Temple by the parents (suspected as "Martial Arts School") to learn martial arts
D Security Mavericks used free online public classes, systematically learned legal knowledge and passed judicial examinations, and Ruyi became a lawyer

c
Flow rate refers to the amount (volume or mass) of fluid (liquid or gas) passing through a specific surface per unit time.When the amount of fluid is expressed as a volume, it is called volume flow; when the amount of fluid is expressed as a mass, it is called mass flow.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options contain descriptions of the volume flow:
The A Amazon River meanders 6,440 kilometers, with a basin area of 6.915 million square kilometers.The annual flow of water into the Atlantic Ocean accounts for one-sixth of the world's rivers.
B Japan's warm current is in the open sea to the east of Taiwan Island.Its width is about 100 ~ 200 kilometers and the depth is 200 meters.The maximum velocity can reach 60 ~ 90 kilometers every day and night.
CVictoria Falls is located on the border of Zambia and Zimbabwe in Africa.When the Zambezi River is full, there will be 7,500 cubic meters of water per second
D Caspian Sea is located at the junction of Eurasia inland and is the world's largest saltwater lake.It has 130 rivers into the sea, so the water storage capacity has reached 76,000 square kilometers.

d
Machine vision refers to a device that automatically receives and processes an image of a real object through optical devices and non-contact sensors to obtain the required information or a device used to control the movement of the robot.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following options related to machine vision:
A flat camera shot through dark light and found that the bottom of the sofa was a lot of dust, and issued a red alert to the owner that it needed to be cleaned
The vehicle-mounted smart device reminds the driver of the driving route, the speed limit of each section of the road, and the weather conditions in front through the voice of the positioning system and navigation system on the road.
C's new glasses caught the ultrasonic waves emitted by a large number of bats after the owner's adventure into the dark cave, immediately activating the face protection mode
D A mini intelligent robot with a shooting device enters the tomb that is hard to reach by archeologists and captures many precious images

a
At present, British scientists have put forward a view that sponges have no brain or even any nerve cells.An animal that has lived on the earth for hundreds of millions of years also had nerve cells in ancient times, but gave up in subsequent evolution.
If the following are true, which of the following is most supportive of this view is:
A sponge has the genes needed to build the nervous system, and for the sponge, whether it is the brain or the simple nervous system, it can be a "cumbersome" and a waste of energy.
B Now it is found that the jellyfish with a complex nervous system is the "sister group" of all other animals and the best representative of animal ancestors
C The oldest known animals with complex brains appear much earlier than sponges.They have sophisticated brain-like structures and specialized neural networks.
D.Some parasites have lost their complex nervous system due to the parasitic lifestyle compared to their close relatives; sponges have a lifestyle similar to parasitic compared to their close relatives

d
A candidate is filling in volunteering.There are 6 majors in law, management, economics, finance, auditing, and accounting that are considered to be filled in.However, considering all aspects, there are the following considerations: If you fill in the law, you will not fill in the management major.However, you must fill in the accounting major; only fill in the financial or economic major when you do not fill in the audit major; if you do not fill in the economic major, then do not fill in the accounting major; the law major has always been the major you want to read and you must fill in.
This candidate can be launched from:
A reported finance and economics majors
B Management and economic majors are not reported
C reported a major in law and a major in finance
D reported accounting major but not audit major

c
Meta stereotype refers to an individual's beliefs about the stereotypes held by members of an outside group to the group to which they belong.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are stereotypes:
A.The teachers in the second class agree that there is a communication barrier for the poor children
B.Economists believe that high house prices affect couples ’desire to have two children after 80
C.Doctor Liu believes that patients today generally do not trust doctors
D.Southerner Liu thinks northerners are more resistant to freezing

d
Suppose "If Zhang Nan and Lin Feng are not volunteers, then Yangmei is a volunteer" is the premise, and "Lin Feng is a volunteer" is the conclusion.
For the above conclusions to be true, the prerequisites to be supplemented are:
A.Zhang Nan is a volunteer
B.Bayberry is not a volunteer
C.Yangmei and Zhang Nan are both volunteers
D.Yangmei and Zhang Nan are not volunteers

c
Artificial intelligence is omnipresent, germinating, generated, and applied to all aspects and corners of people's lives.Artificial intelligence may appear wherever human footprints and activities exist.Artificial intelligence seems bound to generate fierce competition with people, and then it will form In fact, the result beyond human will-artificial intelligence poses a threat to humans and may eventually be defeated.
If the following are true, the ones that cannot support the above argument are:
A.Artificial intelligence can develop self-will that completely conflicts with humans
B.Thinking artificial intelligence machines may continue to evolve, freeing human control
C.Artificial intelligence-based robots can replace humans to perform dangerous tasks such as detection and detonation
D.No-cost replication and continuous evolution capabilities are the advantages of artificial intelligence over human intelligence

d
Some people think that creativity and mental illness are inseparable.The reason is that although high IQ is an essential element of genius, creative genius can only be obtained when high IQ is combined with the lifting of cognitive inhibition.
If the following items are true, the above questions can be questioned most:
A.In fact, most prominent people do not show any symptoms of mental illness
B.Long-term closed treatment of mental illness may reduce patients' cognitive ability and creativity
C.Certain events in life, such as bankruptcy, broken love, etc., can also increase one's creative potential
D.Most psychiatric patients with high IQ do not show that they are creative geniuses

d
The phenomenon of self-depletion is a phenomenon in which an individual's ability or willingness to perform willpower decreases during the long-term engagement in a certain job, including a decline in the ability or willingness to control the environment, control the self, make decisions and initiate behaviors Burnout, self-consumption but no improvement.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are consistent with the phenomenon of self-depletion:
A.Li's doctoral thesis has not been completed and has been postponed.As a result, he has not graduated for eight years in school.
B.Chen has been the deputy director of the magazine for 20 years.Although he has published some personal works, he has not been promoted.
C.Song has been working in sales for nearly ten years.Although he changed four or five companies, due to the average performance, his income has not changed.
D.Wang has been an administrator in the archives for 15 years.He felt numb to his work and did not change the status quo and desire to get promoted.

b
The social paradox is that in a situation where multiple people make decisions, each person has a strategy that can achieve the best results at least in certain situations and is detrimental to others, but if everyone chooses this strategy it will lead to all People have worse results.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are social paradoxes:
A.Wang and the other three people want to contract the fish ponds in the village to increase economic income, so the three of them can't compete.
B.Villagers believe that the rivers in the village have the ability to self-purify, and they discharge domestic sewage into the rivers.
C.Before the negotiation, Lee fully considered the needs of the other party and designed the contract according to their needs, so during the negotiation, Lee always took the initiative
D.Although there will be some economic pressure for merchants to pay management fees, it provides an economic guarantee for the formal management of the entire market and is conducive to the development of all individuals in the entire market.

c
Achievement motivation is the motivation for individuals to strive for work that they consider important and valuable, to demand themselves with high standards, to achieve success as the goal, and to make the work as perfect as possible.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following do not show motivation for achievement:
A.Xiao Liu is a chef.He carefully prepares every dish, hoping to get unanimous praise from the diners.
B.Xiao Li is a basketball player, he repeatedly practiced shooting hoping to lead the team to victory
C.Xiao Zhang is a business leader who often warns his employees to consciously and complete their work with high quality
D.Xiao Wang is a high school student.He keeps reviewing the questions that he did wrong in the hope that he won't make mistakes in the college entrance examination.

a
Exclusive costs are the costs that people incur when they want to ensure that their property is not used by others.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are exclusive costs:
A.Zhang spent on installing a fence for his courtyard
B.Expenses paid by Li to hire a lawyer to protect his reputation
C.Transportation and accommodation expenses paid by Wang during negotiation with foreign businessmen
D.Litigation fees paid by Tian to Zhao in a people's court for disputes over the contract of sale

c
The development of personal moral judgment ability has gone through six stages: one is to avoid punishment and obey the orientation phase, and to obey authority or rules in order to avoid punishment; the other is the relative utilitarian orientation phase, and assessing the good or bad behavior mainly depends on whether it is in their own interests; the third is Seek recognition orientation phase, obey the traditional requirements, and seek everyone's appreciation and recognition; the fourth is to comply with the regulatory orientation stage, obey social norms, and comply with legal authority; the fifth is the social legal orientation stage, which values the effectiveness of the law, but believes that the law can respond to the majority People's requirements change; the sixth is the stage of general ethical orientation, which believes that behaviors that conform to humanity's most general principles of justice, equality, dignity, etc.are correct.
According to the above definition, if a person thinks that the company employees have participated in the dinner, so he should also participate in the dinner, then his personal moral judgment is at the stage of development:
A.Obedience Obedience Orientation Stage
B.Relative Utilitarian Orientation Stage
C.Seeking recognition orientation
D.Stages of general ethical orientation

b
The occasional fallacy is a fallacy of "general rules overriding exceptions", which is based on the existence of a general rule and denies the existence or justification of exceptions.
According to the above definition, there are occasional fallacies in the following reasoning:
A.Eating meat will make you fat, so vegetarians will definitely lose weight
B.Speeding is illegal, so ambulances should not be speeding
C.All horses can be trained as war horses, so seahorses can also fight horses
D.I lived in Hong Kong for seven days and it rained for three days, so it rained about half of the time in Hong Kong

c
Social adaptation refers to changes in the psychology and behavior of individuals in order to achieve a harmonious relationship with the social environment.It is a continuous and changing interaction process between individuals and various social and environmental factors.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are social adaptations:
A.After half a year in Hainan, Xiao Wu has fully adapted to the local humid climate.
B.Less than three months abroad, Xiao Huang has basically mastered the local language and is able to hear and read
C.When introverted Xiao Zhao enters the sales post, he has more opportunities to deal with people and his character becomes lively.
D.Xiao Zhou was not used to living, studying, and even language after entering college, and often called to talk to his family

b
Homo sapiens' first wave of colonization was the largest and fastest ecological catastrophe in the entire animal kingdom.Among them, the most affected were those large animals.At the time of the cognitive revolution, about 200 genera on the earth weighing more than 50 kg Large terrestrial mammals.By the time of the agricultural revolution, only about 100 genera were left.In other words, Homo sapiens had about half of the world's large mammals long before humans invented the wheels, words, and the iron.The soul returned to Xitian, and it was extinct.
Which of the following, if true, does not support the above statement?
A.In this period, humans have mastered new technologies such as fire cultivation, and their hunting ability has been greatly improved.
B.There have been many cooling and warming cycles in the earth's climate since the cognitive revolution, with large changes
C.Although most of the large animals on the earth are huge, they are not ferocious, and they are easily hunted by humans.
D.Archeological research finds that as soon as humans reach new lands, there will be a mass extinction of animals

a
A recent study suggests that moderate drinking can relax the brain's control instincts, inspiring creativity and inspiration.Researchers selected 70 subjects for a comparative study.The experimental group drank real beer, while the control group drank Alcoholic beer, two drinks cannot be distinguished.In the test, the experimental group scored higher.The research results show that even if the subject drank only a small glass of beer or wine, the blood alcohol concentration reached only 0.03%, and the creativity was also Will greatly improve.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.Subject's executive function will be reduced to varying degrees after drinking
B.No matter how much alcohol you drink, drinking is not good for your brain to learn new knowledge
C.The vast majority of great works of art are done by the author without dripping
D.Alcohol keeps people from thinking when they want to solve a problem

a
Since the outbreak of the global financial crisis in 2008, developed economies such as the United States, Japan, and Europe have fallen into the predicament of weak economic growth, and the economic growth rate has always been significantly lower than the pre-crisis level.According to the theory of long-term stagnation, this is due to the continued decline in the equilibrium real interest rate And it has fallen into the negative range, and the central bank is bound by the zero lower limit and it is difficult to reduce the actual real interest rate to the equilibrium real interest rate, so the relatively high real interest rate has led to continued suppression of aggregate demand (especially investment demand).Even if the United States, Japan, and Europe pursue zero-interest-rate policies, the output gap is always negative, and the economy is difficult to achieve recovery.According to this theory, some people believe that the Chinese economy is also facing a situation of insufficient investment demand, and the Chinese economy will also fall into a long-term stagnation.
If the following items are true, all of them can refute the above conclusions?
A.Insufficient investment demand in China is mainly reflected by a sharp decline in private investment demand
B.China's real interest rate has a wider adjustable range, so it is easier to fall to the equilibrium real interest rate
C.Even if the stagnation theory is true, China's current equilibrium real interest rate is still greater than zero
D.The sharp decline in China's investment growth is very different from the nature of insufficient investment demand highlighted by the theory

d
Researchers have found that in the past century and a half, there have been several periods of slowing Earth's speed, and this period will last about 5 years each time.More importantly, the slowing of the Earth's speed is accompanied by an increase in strong earthquakes.Based on this, the researchers concluded that the slowdown of the Earth's speed led to the frequent occurrence of strong earthquakes.
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the above conclusions?
A.During the period when the earth's speed is slowing down, about 25-30 strong earthquakes occur each year, and about 15 during other periods
B.The number of volcanic eruptions during the period of slowing Earth's speed has not changed significantly compared to other periods
C.The slowing down of the earth's speed will change the length of the day and night, and the change in the length of the day and night will lead to the occurrence of strong global earthquakes.
D.Slight changes in the Earth's core have slowed down the Earth's speed and also caused strong earthquakes worldwide

a
A study shows that employees who are often encouraged by praise and other spirits are 25% more productive than employees who are rarely praised, and the objective criteria for evaluating production efficiency include the number of contractors and the complexity of the workpiece.This shows that more spirit Encouraging can increase employee productivity.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.Commendation is actually the spiritual reward for highly productive employees
B.Objective criteria for evaluating production efficiency should also include the quality of the workpiece
C.Spiritual encouragement sometimes causes employees to have blind self-confidence and a false sense of achievement
D.Low productivity employees have less working hours per day than high productivity employees

d
Some researchers believe that Chinese traditional agricultural culture is fundamentally different from European and American nomadic culture, and Japanese marine culture, which profoundly affects people's lifestyle and ideology, and also has a profound impact on national defense.Some Chinese people have a weak concept of national defense and the root cause of weakening Shangwu's spirit.
Which of the following, if true, could weaken the above conclusion?
A.The strength of a country's national defense depends on the strength of the military
B.Some people regard "two acres of land, one cow, wife and children hot steamed buns" as their living goals
C.Residual economic concepts of small farmers are the root cause of the weakening of the spirit of Shang Wu in the contemporary Chinese people
D.The nation that admires agricultural culture is hardworking, intelligent, frugal, united, and righteous.

a
An educational institution surveyed the study habits and language performance of all students in a high school, and found that compared with students who like to do a lot of exercises, students who like to read a lot of extracurricular readings have better language performance.Reading improves students' language performance more than doing exercises.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the agency's views?
A.Chinese exams have high demands on students' reading volume
B.The reason why students do a lot of exercises is because their language performance is poor
C.Students with excellent grades have the time and energy to read extracurricular materials
D.Other institutions did similar research in elementary and junior high schools and came to the opposite conclusion

c
A German scientist did a study and showed a group of 6-month-old babies the same size and color of pictures, some of which were flowers or fish, and some were spiders or snakes.As a result, When looking at pictures of flowers or fish, the babies did not respond significantly, and when they saw pictures of spiders or snakes, all babies' pupils became significantly larger.Therefore, the scientist believes that people ’s fear of dangerous animals Innate, not acquired.
To reach the above conclusions, the important prerequisites that need to be added are:
A.Everyone expresses their fears differently
B.All babies have seen real flowers or fish
C.Dilation of the pupil is one of the signs of stress or fear
D.Most adults have a fear of seeing a spider or snake

c
A researcher studied the make-up photos of 100 deceased athletes and divided them into three types based on facial expressions in the photos: "faceless", "toothy" and "laughing".The researchers found this Of the 100 deceased athletes, the average life expectancy of "faceless" people was 72.9 years, the "toothy smile" people could live to about 75 years, and the "laughing" people averaged 79.9 years Therefore, the researcher believes that the attitude towards life will affect people's life expectancy.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the researcher's point of view?
A.The 100 athletes have different nationalities and different sports.
B.The expression on the makeup photo can roughly reflect a person's attitude towards life
C.Which expressions the athlete takes depends on the photographer's requirements
D."Laughing" athletes are more communicative and have higher emotional intelligence

d
Some researchers believe that the Philippines' complete reliance on security provided by the United States in the context of the Asian Cold War is a profound reason why it cannot refuse the United States to require it to send troops to Vietnam; while avoiding direct involvement in the Vietnam War, which is not very relevant to its own interests and has serious risks, is The Philippines has chosen to send only a small number of civilian engineering troops, but has always refused the deep motivation of sending combat troops.
Which of the following, if true, can refute the above statement?
A.Philippines sends troops to the United States on condition that the United States provide them with security
B.Philippines sends engineering troops to Vietnam, indicating weak alliance with the United States
C.Philippines sending combat troops to Vietnam could pose serious risks to itself
D.Philippines does not reject U.S.troop request because the economy is heavily dependent on the U.S.

a
Since the outbreak of the global financial crisis in 008, developed economies such as the United States, Japan, and Europe have fallen into the predicament of weak economic growth, and the economic growth rate has always been significantly lower than the pre-crisis level.According to the theory of long-term stagnation, this is due to the continued decline in the equilibrium real interest rate And it has fallen into the negative range, and the central bank is bound by the zero lower limit and it is difficult to reduce the actual real interest rate to the equilibrium real interest rate, so the relatively high real interest rate has led to continued suppression of aggregate demand (especially investment demand).Even if the United States, Japan, and Europe pursue zero-interest-rate policies, the output gap is always negative, and the economy is difficult to recover.According to this theory, some people believe that the Chinese economy is also facing a situation of insufficient investment demand, and the Chinese economy will also fall into a long-term stagnation.
If the following items are true, all of them can refute the above conclusions?
A.Insufficient investment demand in China is mainly reflected by a sharp decline in private investment demand
B.China's real interest rate has a wider adjustable range, so it is easier to fall to the equilibrium real interest rate
C.Even if the stagnation theory is true, China's current equilibrium real interest rate is still greater than zero
D.The sharp decline in China's investment growth is very different from the nature of insufficient investment demand highlighted by the theory

d
Team learning behavior means that in order to meet the development needs of the team and the individual, team members ask questions, seek feedback, conduct experiments, reflect on the results, and perform errors or unexpected results on the basis of sharing their experiences, seeking knowledge, and information exchange.Discussion to promote the continuous improvement of the level of knowledge or skills of the team and individuals, thereby achieving relatively lasting changes in team-level knowledge and skills.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are the learning behaviors of teams:
A.In order to give play to the team's cohesion and combat effectiveness during the project tackling phase, a field development training is held every weekend
B.For future development, Xiao Wang took the time to study English with several colleagues during work
C.In order to get a scholarship, all the girls in a dormitory agreed to supervise each other and study together at night
D.In order to improve the overall performance of the department, the sales department selects excellent representatives to share sales experience with you on a regular basis.

d
The scientists conducted an 8-week experiment: three batches of experimental rats were exposed to light for 16 hours during the day, and then in full darkness, dark light, and light for 8 hours each day.This was the case during the experiment.The food types and food intake were all the same.It was found that rats in the dark environment at night and the lights turned on showed weight gain.Based on this, the researchers concluded that the general obesity of westerners and the brightly lit street scene at night It is closely related to the light of computers and televisions.
If the following items are true, the above conclusions can be questioned most:
A.The experimental time is only 8 weeks, which is too short for young rats.The experimental time should be extended.
B.Westerners are not generally obese, people with middle and higher incomes attach great importance to weight problems, and often carry out body management such as fitness
C.According to statistics, in western cities with bright streetscapes at night, most of those who often receive computers and televisions are not obese
D.The experimental mice in dark light at night and the light environment are different from the experimental mice in a dark environment at night.The former eats at night, while the rats at night have a low metabolic rate, low energy consumption and easy weight gain.

d
World-class pianists practise playing the piano for no less than eight hours a day, unless it is New Year's Day, Sunday or there are major performances on the day.
If the above discussion is true, which of the following is unlikely to be a world-class pianist?
A.A pianist does not practice playing the piano on a Monday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday of a week
B.A pianist has not practiced playing the piano for three consecutive months
C.A pianist practices a marathon for almost four hours every day
D.A pianist practices playing the piano for seven hours a day for three consecutive days without any performances

c
A certain department decided to appoint cadres to assist Xinjiang in the department, and set up a cadre recommendation group consisting of the party committee office, personnel department, an employment office, and also initially identified Zhao, Li, and Zhou as three recommended candidates.The three departments of the Personnel Department and the Employment Department have put forward their respective recommendations: Party Committee Office: Zhao, Li Mouzhong can only go to one.Personnel Department: If you do not choose Zhao, you do not choose Zhou.He didn't choose Li or Zhao before choosing Zhou.
Which of the following schemes can meet the opinions of the three departments at the same time?
A.Choosing Zhou and not Zhao and Li
B.Send Lee and Zhao instead of Zhou
C.Choosing Zhao and not Lee and Zhou
D.Select Li and Zhou, not Zhao

c
All outstanding physicists have good mathematical application ability, Zhang Jie does not have good mathematical application ability, so Zhang Jie is not an excellent physicist.
Which of the following inferences is most similar in structure to the above?
The talents recruited by A.H company this year all have a good professional background and comprehensive quality, Xiao Liu has a good professional background and comprehensive quality, so Xiao Liu is the talent recruited by H company this year
B.So everyone who is 70 years old can receive the living allowance for the elderly.Mr.Wang is 75 years old this year, and he can receive the living allowance for the elderly.
C.Penguin eggs can be hatched in all suitable conditions, but the penguin eggs on T island are not hatched, so the environment on T island is not suitable
D.All students admitted to top universities are smart students, Li Ke has not been accepted to top universities, so Li Ke is not a smart student

c
In the context of globalization, the problem of profit transfer by multinational companies has increasingly become the focus of government attention.If this problem is not resolved, it will exacerbate the inequality of income distribution between large capital and labor.The company's corporate income tax rate, or the formation of new rules of cross-border tax governance, otherwise, this will be a difficult problem.
If the above statement is true, which of the following statements must be true?
A.Countries can formulate uniform corporate income tax rates or form new rules for cross-border tax governance, which can solve the problem of profit transfer of multinational companies.
B.If the problem of profit transfer of multinational companies is solved, the inequality of income distribution between large capital and labor can be eliminated
C.If countries do not formulate uniform corporate income tax rates or do not form new rules for cross-border tax governance, the inequality of income distribution between large capital and labor will be further exacerbated
D.If countries do not set a uniform corporate income tax rate, the formation of new rules for cross-border tax governance will not solve the problem of profit transfer of multinational companies.

b
Only people with good logical thinking skills and a background in physics can be qualified for this position.
If the above judgment is true, which of the following cannot be true?
A.Zhao, a Ph.D.in physics, is qualified for this position
B.Xiao Li, who has never studied physics, is qualified for this position
C.Xiao Liu has a background in physics, but he is not qualified for this position
D.Xiao Sun is not qualified for this position, but his logical thinking ability is recognized by everyone

c
A study found that silicon dioxide is a form of silicon that is easily absorbed by plants.By using silicon dioxide to improve the soil, plants can precipitate small particles called "plant stones".The silicon contained in the particles can slow down insects Due to the development of grains, the texture of granular stones can also wear insect mouthparts, thereby reducing the degree of plant pests.Therefore, relevant researchers have suggested that such silicon elements can be added to soils in areas where crops are often affected by insects.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above suggestions?
A.Insect resistance and drug sensitivity are the same in all regions
B.Insect-affected areas are generally deficient in silicon
C.Silicon in crops can affect the physical development of consumers
D.Silicon-rich crops taste better than ordinary crops

a
Drinking 2-10 times a week is the right amount.Some surveys have found that men who drink 2-10 times a week have a lower risk of heart disease than men who drink less than 2 times a week.Therefore, moderate drinking can reduce men's risk of heart disease.
Which of the following is true and the argument cannot be weakened the most?
A.Women who drink moderately are more likely to develop hepatitis than women who drink less than twice a week
B.Men who drink moderate amounts pay more attention to strengthening physical exercise
C.Men who drink moderately are generally younger than men who drink less than twice a week
D.Men all think that you can increase your alcohol consumption when you are in good health

d
Some education experts have suggested that if the method of allocating teachers to all schools according to age, education level, and title level is used to allocate educational resources and achieve educational equity, it can better solve the social problems caused by the fierce competition in key schools.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the opinion of this education expert?
A.Many key school teachers show support
B.Most students and parents object
C.Some key school teachers require working in low-priced suburban schools
D.There is a clear gap between the construction of hardware facilities in ordinary schools and key schools

d
A survey of a group of young smokers in area Y found that adolescents from second-hand smoke families and at least one parent were smokers.Therefore, if the number of second-hand smoke families in the area can be significantly reduced, the number of new smokers will be significantly reduced.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above argument?
A.Quit smoking methods for adults and teens
B.Smoking adolescents can quit smoking through active intervention
C.Adults and adolescents learn to smoke in the same way
D.Y area has a higher percentage of young people smoking in second-hand smoke families than other families

b
It is often mentioned that it is difficult for college graduates to find employment.However, according to statistics, in recent years, the ratio of job vacancies to job seekers in China has generally been greater than 1, and the demand in the labor market is greater than supply.Among the job seekers, college graduates have a higher education level.As a result, China's college graduates do not actually have the problem of difficult employment.
If the following information is true, which of the following can effectively refute the above conclusions are:
A.The current economic downturn is under great pressure, and many companies have strictly controlled labor costs and have started to lay off employees.
B.Some of the most scarce jobs in the labor market are mainly suitable for senior technicians
C.College graduates are often highly competitive
D.Some high-skilled talents earn more than university graduates

a
Both A and B may be invited to participate in an expert forum.Now A has learned the following information: (1) the forum organizer has decided to invite at least one of A or B.(2) the forum organizer has decided not to invite A (3) Forum organizer will definitely invite A.(4) Forum organizer decides to invite B.
If two of the above messages are true and two are false, then:
A.Forum organizer decides to invite A.not B
B.Forum organizer decides to invite B, not invite A
C.Forum organizer decides to invite both A and B
D.The forum organizer decides to invite neither A nor B

d
A scientific research institute developed a nerve stimulation technology.They implemented the stimulation on a group of skiers in the experiment.After several weeks, they found that compared with those who did not receive the stimulation, their jumping ability and coordination were improved The national sports department plans to cooperate with the agency to promote the use of this technology in the training and competition of skiers.
Which of the following is true and most likely to question the plans of the country's sports sector?
A.Unstimulated athletes can also improve jumping ability and coordination through normal training
B.This cooperation will increase the expenditure of the country's sports sector
C.The country is a traditional skiing powerhouse and has long been a world leader in skiing performance
D.This technology will reduce the concentration of athletes, and concentration is a prerequisite for the ability

c
When introducing a tea to a guest, a tea dealer said: "This tea is produced in Yunshan, and the famous Yunshan tea is produced in Yunshan, so this is the authentic Yunshan tea."
Which of the following is most similar to the logic when the dealer introduced tea:
A.The students in the third class are hard-working and hard-working.Xiao Li is a student in the third class, so Xiao-li is hard-working and hard-working.
B.The Flying Car is produced in a certain country.The car just now is not a Flying Car, so it must not be made in China.
C.All drivers must have a driving license, Xiao Zheng has a driving license, so Xiao Zheng is the driver
D.A good doctor needs to have superb medical skills and noble medical ethics.Xiao Chen has both, so he is a good doctor.

d
A company recruits a business manager, Xiao Zhang and Xiao Li come to apply.Xiao Zhang said: "If I become a business manager, I will be aggressive and develop new business." Xiao Li said: "If I become a manager, I will Optimize management and reduce staff."In the end, one of them became a business manager and successfully realized his job proposition.
It follows that the following statements must be true:
A.The company has not only opened up new business, but has also reduced staff
B.If the company develops a new business, it must be Xiao Zhang who has become a business manager
C.If the company has reduced staff, it must be Xiao Li who has become a business manager
D.If the company does not start a new business, it will definitely reduce staff

d
As the interest rate on mortgage loans has been reduced and the pressure on people to repay their loans has been reduced, an agency predicts that the sales of commercial housing in a certain place will increase, but in fact, the sales have not increased significantly.
Which of the following, if true, best explains the above phenomenon?
A.There has always been a phenomenon of population outflow
B.Local commercial housing prices have not fallen significantly
C.Some developers canceled the preferential policies for buying a house
D.Per capita income declines due to the poor economic environment

d
Media A.reported that since the beginning of this year, the number of people suffering from seasonal skin diseases has risen sharply, which is caused by increasing water pollution in cities and worsening air quality.Media B.reports that the number of people with seasonal skin diseases has risen sharply.There is no relationship between urban water pollution and air quality deterioration, mainly due to people's lack of exercise and physical fitness decline.
Which of the following, if true, would best challenge the views of Media B.?
A.The physical fitness of children aged 7-12 is generally lower than that of 10 years ago
B.Most people with skin diseases in spring will get better in autumn and winter
C.EPA acknowledges growing urban water pollution and air quality problems
D.The number of swimmers suffering from seasonal skin diseases is increasing year by year

b
An investment company said when evaluating a project: We select investment projects mainly based on the technical threshold and future market demand of the project, not the current business growth rate.There are so many new investable projects now, and they are developing rapidly in the short term.But it was soon caught up by other projects, which was obviously not what we wanted.The turnover of this project increased five times in one year, but it is necessary to doubt its future situation.
Which of the following is most similar to the logic of the investment company's evaluation project:
A.Whether the marriage life is happy depends on the degree of harmony between the couple, not the family income.Some high-income couples, but not happy marriage life
B.It is not reliable to evaluate a movie through the box office.Even if the movie box office is high, the audience's reputation may not be good
C.When a football team selects new players, in addition to paying attention to their technical level, they value their training status and development potential.
D.For a singer to be successful, talent and excellent marketing are indispensable.Those failing singers have no talent or poor marketing.

d
The influenza virus mutates at a fairly rapid rate, and even if the vaccine is updated every year, it cannot guarantee that the vaccination covers all the "seasonal epidemic models." Influenza vaccination can neither guarantee 100% of the flu, but also may cause side effects such as low fever in the vaccinated population.There is no need to get a flu vaccine.
If the following options are true, the above conclusions cannot be effectively refuted:
A.Influenza vaccination can reduce the risk of serious complications due to influenza in children, chronic disease patients and other high-risk groups
B.Vaccination with seasonal flu can reduce the risk of influenza virus infection in susceptible people
C.Only a very small number of people will have a systemic reaction after receiving the flu vaccine, and it can be relieved in a day or two, which is much lighter than the symptoms of the flu
D.People who have recovered from the disease can get a certain degree of immunity and will not be infected by the same flu virus again within 1 year

d
Narcissistic personality disorder is a complex personality disorder that is often misunderstood.Its basic characteristics are exaggeration of self-worth and lack of public perception of others.People with this personality disorder often have a sense of privilege and expect that they can get special Most of the friendship and treatment are based on interests.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following manifestations of non-narcissistic personality disorder are:
A.Xiao Zhang always feels that he is the best person and deserves all honors
B.Xiao Zhao always throws away gifts carefully chosen by friends
C.Xiao Liu likes to instruct others while he is in the bedroom
D.Kobayashi has always been persistent in his goals, and does not care about other people's evaluation

d
Secondary environmental problems are caused by human activities and are divided into two categories: environmental pollution and ecological damage.Environmental pollution is the direct or indirect discharge of substances or energy beyond the self-purification ability of the human, which deteriorates the quality of the environment and destroys the ecology.System and people's living environment; ecological damage is caused by human activities directly acting on the natural environment.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are environmental pollution:
A.The uneven distribution of water resources in the region has further exacerbated water stress
B.Soil and water loss caused by vegetation damage, polluted water quality affects the ecological balance
C.Land desertification caused by large-scale reclamation of grasslands, reducing land area and output
D.Harmful light blue smoke generated by carbon dioxide emitted from automobiles under the action of ultraviolet rays

a
Good faith acquisition refers to the transfer of real or movable property to the assignee by the person without sanction, the assignee is in good faith and paid a reasonable price, and acquires the ownership of the real or movable property in accordance with the law.At the same time, the transferred movable property shall be registered in accordance with the law.Of which have been registered, those that do not require registration have been delivered to the assignee.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following transactions constitute goodwill:
A.A lent the bicycle to B, and B sold the bicycle to C.C didn't know that B had no right to dispose of beforehand, and constituted a transaction at a reasonable price.
B.A sold the property jointly owned by the couple to B without authorization and signed an agreement, but then failed to register the property rights of the house due to the dispute.B asked A to assist in the transfer of property rights and deliver the house.
C.The owner registered on the driving license of the car used by A is B.A did not provide the right to dispose of the transaction and traded the car with C at a reasonable price.
D.A enters the city and entrusts B to manage his own land.B privately transfers the land to C.C promises to purchase it at a reasonable price and is ready to register.

d
Allelopathy refers to the direct or indirect effects of plants on other plants by releasing chemicals into the environment.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not consistent with allelopathy:
A.When wheat and soybean are intercropped, the nitrogen absorption capacity of wheat is improved
B.Terpenoids from shrubs inhibit germination of herb seeds
C.Acacia trees will volatilize toxic substances into the air, making the survival rate of weeds around the trees very low
D.Chemicals in a herbicide can affect the growth of dicotyledonous weeds, thereby achieving the effect of elimination

c
Customized marketing is based on the accurate positioning of marketing, taking modern information technology as the main means, taking customers as the main body of marketing, and taking customer needs as the marketing orientation.Enterprises accurately grasp the customer's consumer psychology and consumption needs, and establish Personalized customer communication and management system, based on this, fully tap the customer's consumption value, so as to carry out targeted corporate development activities and improve the competitiveness of the enterprise.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of custom marketing:
A.A furniture brand is aimed at consumers who are too tall, and can produce a set of furniture to meet the needs
B.A gym can design an equipment solution suitable for individuals according to the fitness needs of specific customers
C.A game designed for most users who like egg yolk moon cakes, a game that collects egg yolk and lotus root
D.A brand website can produce a customized skin care or hair care product to meet customer needs

a
Doing chores like washing dishes and stacking clothes makes you feel bad? A researcher conducted a survey involving more than 6,000 female volunteers aged 63 to 99.The researchers found that compared with the elderly who were basically immobile Female volunteers who engage in 30-minute chores every day have a 12% lower risk of death.Therefore, researchers believe that simple activities such as housework can help extend life.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the opinion of the above researchers?
A.This study focuses on older women, and those who like sports when they are young can maintain exercise habits as they age.
B.Many seniors can cultivate their own hobbies, such as learning calligraphy, photography, travel, etc., which will help to prolong the life
C.There are 554,000 elderly associations in China, with 20 million elderly volunteers, covering most urban and rural communities in the country
D.The aerobics for the elderly is a set of fitness methods with Chinese characteristics formed by integrating sports, dance, and music into a combination of Chinese and foreign strengths.

a
A study by the University of London found that over-reliance on GPS navigation can block the brain's hippocampus from forming new memories; the use of electronic products will cause many people to communicate in scattered languages only; replacing games with television and traditional reading will People's reading ability and thinking ability decline, so researchers believe that high technology can make people stupid.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the opinion of the above researchers?
A.With the help of high-tech equipment, human beings can understand nature more accurately, thereby improving human's awareness of the world
B.With the continuous enrichment of neuroimaging technology and information processing methods, brain research has gradually shifted to deeper neural functions
C.One experiment injected a drug that blocks protein synthesis into the hippocampus of rats, but the learning ability of the rats was not significantly impaired
D.Some studies have found that the human brain can make corresponding adjustments and changes as lifestyle changes brought about by high technology

b
Heart disease is closely related to fatty embolism in arterial blood vessels, but a new study suggests that fat molecules may come not only from food but also from a certain type of bacteria in the mouth.Researchers believe that oral diseases are often related to heart disease.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the researcher's point of view?
A.Heart disease is usually caused by atherosclerosis, during which arterial blood vessels are blocked by a substance called "lipids"
B.The lipid molecules produced by this bacterium are different from the composition of lipids in mammals and belong to a special bacterial family
C.In general, these bacteria only remain active in the mouth, and they may cause periodontal disease in the right environment
D.Cytokines caused by oral diseases can destroy islet glands, reduce the amount of necessary insulin secreted by the body, and easily cause diabetes.

b
Some scientists analyzed microfossils in a rock about 3.5 billion years ago in Australia.They used a secondary ion mass spectrometer to separate carbon-12 from carbon-13 in each microfossil, and measured both.Proportionately, they found that the fossils contained a primitive group of organisms, so they speculated that life appeared on Earth as early as 3.5 billion years ago.
To reach the above conclusions, the prerequisites that need to be added are:
A.As early as 4.3 billion years ago, liquid water existed on Earth
B.The carbon-13 and carbon-12 ratios of microfossils have characteristics of biological and metabolic functions
C.Methane was an important component of the early Earth's atmosphere before the advent of oxygen and was a simple organic matter
D.Stones suspected of being a biological remains more than three billion years ago have been found in both Greenland and Canada

d
Compared with the last glacial period of 26,000 years to 16,000 years ago, the desert in the northern region of China has shrunk considerably, and it has expanded significantly compared to the Holocene Warm period from 9000 to 5,000 years ago.Therefore, researchers believe that Changes in climate, and even changes in the amount of ice in the high latitudes of the northern hemisphere, are the main factors affecting the change in the surface environment of deserts and sandy lands in China.
If the following are true, the above argument can be strengthened most:
A.The use of biological and engineering measures to build a protective system helps control desertification
B.A crescent-shaped dune is formed in a dry area in the northwest due to wind all year round
C.The Sahara Desert is located on both sides of the Tropic of Cancer, controlled by the subtropical high pressure zone, and the climate is hot and dry
D.During a period of time, the temperature in northern China increased, rainfall increased, and the area of quicksand shrank by half.

c
On the winter solstice, Xiao Ming, Xiao Hong, Xiao Li, and Xiao Qiang each ate a kind of food, namely dumplings, dumplings, noodles, and rice.Known: 1 Xiao Ming did not eat dumplings, and did not eat rice; 2 Xiao Hong did not eat dumplings, Did not eat noodles; 3 If Xiaoming did not eat noodles, then Xiaoqiang did not eat dumplings; 4 Xiaoli did not eat dumplings or rice.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Xiao Ming eats dumplings, Xiao Li eats noodles
B.Xiaoqiang eats noodles, Xiaoli eats dumplings
C.Xiaoli eats dumplings, Xiaoming eats noodles
D.Xiaohong eats noodles, Xiaoqiang eats rice

b
Researchers conducted an experiment to show more than a dozen portraits of equally dressed children to a judging panel composed of doctors and teachers.The group members need to judge the children's intelligence based on the portrait photos.The results of subjective judgments will be compared with the results of objective intelligence tests.Finally, researchers have concluded that people can judge the individual's IQ based on their appearance.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.Hollywood's well-known movie stars are no shortage of high school graduates
B.If a person is dignified, we may mistakenly think that he must be very intelligent
C.According to the law of social homosexual mating, the intelligent gene and the beautiful gene will continue to optimize the combination
D.Beautiful children can receive more intensive education, and their talents can be better developed

b
Some scientists have studied several existing nautilus fossils and found that the wavy threads on their shells have the same function as tree rings.The threads are divided into many spaces.Although the width and width are different, there are about 30 small wavy growth lines.The number of days per month in the modern lunar calendar is exactly the same.Observations have shown that the wavy growth line of the nautilus grows one every day and every other month.And there is a lot of scientific evidence that the moon is gradually moving away from the earth, and the lunar calendar is exactly the moon around the earth Days of the week.
It can be inferred from this:
A.The wavy growth line of nautilus will grow longer and slower
B.The wavy growth line of nautilus will grow longer and wider
C.The spiral shell growth line of the same geological age is fixed
D.The number of growth lines per ancient nautilus gradually decreases as the fossil age advances

a
A medical trial of adult hypertensive patients without a history of stroke and myocardial infarction was performed.The patients participating in the trial were randomly assigned to two groups, one taking a fixed compound (10 mg enalapril and 0.8 mg daily).(Folic acid composition), the other group was simply taking 10 mg of enalapril daily orally.After more than 4 years of treatment, a stroke of 2.7 occurred in the fixed compound group and a stroke of 3.4 in enalapril group, that is, After taking enalapril in combination with folic acid, the risk of stroke was significantly reduced.
To reach the above conclusions, the prerequisites that need to be added are:
A.Before the experiment, there was no significant difference in folate levels between the two groups of patients
B.Enalapril can fight myocardial ischemia and reduce the scope of myocardial infarction
C.Taking Enalapril with Folic Acid Does Not Have Any Side Effects
D.Stroke risk tests were performed on both groups of subjects before the experiment

b
A survey report shows that in 2016, the proportion of Chinese women's income used for consumption, savings and investment was 62:23:16, and at the same time, the proportion of consumption increased significantly compared with the previous year, and women's personalized demand for products or services is often higher than that of men.Some experts believe that women in China have become important promoters of upgrading the consumption structure.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of these experts?
A.Women's irrational consumption is outstanding and easily affected by discounts, friends, sales, etc.
B.About 60% of domestic women are in charge of household finances, and 75% of household consumption is decided by women
C.Women have higher requirements for the quality of products and services, and have a strong need for safety protection, etc.
D.China's female consumer group aged 15-60 is about 480 million, which has become an important consumer group

d
For a city to develop the convention and exhibition industry, it is necessary to "build a nest and attract phoenixes"-first having the hardware and software foundation, and then attracting convention and exhibition activities.Having complete convention and exhibition facilities and ideal transportation conditions just shows that a city has the development of the convention and exhibition industry In order to attract a sufficient number of high-quality convention and exhibition activities, it is also necessary to improve the level of public services and build a good business environment to strengthen the construction of soft power.
If the above statement is true, which of the following is unlikely to happen?
A.City A has the hardware foundation to develop the exhibition industry, but it does not develop well.
B.City B vigorously improved the level of public services and attracted a sufficient number of high-quality convention and exhibition activities
C.The exhibition industry in C is very developed, but the problem of aging municipal facilities is becoming increasingly prominent.
D.Ding ’s convention and exhibition facilities are complete and the transportation conditions are ideal, but it does not have the hardware foundation to develop the convention and exhibition industry.

c
G city has a developed economy and abundant education resources.Many college students studying in G city choose to work and live in G city after graduation.However, this year, several cities around G city have introduced a series of preferential policies for university students to settle in.Many college students in G City have therefore chosen to move their hukou to surround cities.It can be predicted that college students staying in G City this year will find jobs more easily.
Which of the above can refute the above argument?
In several cities around A.G, college students also find it difficult to find a job
B.Compared with last year, the number of workers recruited in large factories in G City has decreased this year
C.The vast majority of G city university students who move their hukou to surround cities still choose to work in G city
D.Some surveys point out that college students in G City have not faced great employment pressure in the past few years

a
In the industrial structure of developed countries, the service industry accounts for a high proportion.According to their experience, increasing the proportion of the service industry can promote employment.However, the service industry has higher barriers to entry, which is also the relative development of China's service industry.An important reason for the lag.Therefore, China can further promote employment by breaking down industry barriers in the service industry.
which is the most likely underlying assumption of the above argument?
A.The law of promoting employment in the service industry applies to China
B.China's ability to create jobs is weaker than developed countries
C.Industry barriers also exist in service industries in developed countries
D.Other industries have no significant role in promoting employment

a
In recent years, with the rise of large-scale wild zoos, it has been suggested that traditional urban zoos no longer need to exist.However, traditional urban zoos have the advantages of low fares and convenient transportation.Educational function, so traditional urban mobilization is indispensable.
Which of the following is not a flaw in the above argument?
A.Ignore the possibility of coexistence of safari and traditional urban zoos
B.Traditional urban zoos with strong educational functions should be retained by default
C.Ignoring low fares, convenient transportation is not equivalent to facilitating visits by primary and secondary school students
D.By default, the zoos that are convenient for primary and secondary schools to visit have a strong educational function.

b
Historical experience tells us that the world economic crisis is often accompanied by huge world changes: the electrical revolution after the world economic crisis in 1857 pushed human society from the steam era into the electrical age; the world economic crisis in 1929 triggered the Second World War, which objectively promoted science The development of technology.From this, we can see that the economic crisis has created huge world changes.
Which of the following is most similar to the logic of the argument process?
A.Incorrect sitting posture will increase the burden on the neck, which is the main cause of back pain
B.Submarine earthquakes are the main cause of tsunamis, because subsea earthquakes can often be observed before the tsunami
C.The life expectancy of astronauts is significantly higher than that of ordinary people, so radiation exposure during space travel does not harm the human body
D.Many frail and sick people don't like to eat vegetables, so if you want to maintain good health, you must get enough dietary fiber from vegetables.

b
The chip industry is a global division of labor and cooperation industry, and its distribution is very wide.The problems and challenges faced by different fields are also very different, and no country can have a complete and independent controllable chip industry chain.But a country wants To gain the right to speak in the chip industry, at least you should master the key technologies of certain links in the industrial chain, so as to avoid being controlled by others.
Based on the above statement, what must be the following judgments correct?
A.As long as a country has the right to speak in the chip industry, the country may have a complete chip industry chain
B.If a country does not have the key technologies of the chip industry, the country's chip industry will be constrained by people
C.If a country's chip industry is not to be controlled by others, it must have a complete chip industry chain
D.If a country has mastered the key technologies of the chip industry, then the country must have the right to speak

c
One office has a master's degree in education, a bachelor's degree in education, a master's degree in philosophy, and a bachelor's degree in philosophy.Of the four, A is not a master of education or a bachelor of philosophy; A and C are studying the same subject; B has only obtained a bachelor's degree; Ding does not learn philosophy.
If the above statement is true, is the following statement correct?
A.A is a Bachelor of Education
B.B is a Bachelor of Philosophy
C.C is a Bachelor of Philosophy
D.Ding is a Bachelor of Education

c
Studies have shown that talking to others about their worries is an effective way to relieve stress, but in real life, more than 40% of people do not talk to others about their worries, and this part of people often feel their work and life stress, Therefore, the more often a person talks to others about their worries, the less stress they feel in work and life.
Which of the following options best point out the deficiencies of the above argument?
A.It is assumed that stress-relieving behavior is necessary for individuals
B.Ignoring that everyone has a significant difference in their ability to tolerate stress
C.Increasing the frequency of behaviors by default helps to strengthen the effects of behaviors
D.Ignoring the issue of telling others about their concerns may cause privacy leaks and other issues

a
In recent years, "trace management" has been widely used in grass-roots work.Its advantage is that it can effectively restore the work of serving the people through the retained texts, pictures and other working materials for future verification.A grassroots unit in a certain area in order to strengthen "Management" has greatly increased the proportion of work materials in the assessment score.Obviously, this approach will make local grass-roots cadres spend a lot of energy on retaining work traces.
which is the most likely underlying assumption of the above argument?
A.Grassroots cadres attach great importance to assessment scores
B.Some grassroots cadres lack service awareness to the masses
C."Trace Management" requires all work traces to be retained
D.Most grassroots cadres lack the "mark" condition

a
A research institute conducted safety collision experiments on three brands of old-generation scooters.The experiments showed that all three brands of scooters could not protect the driver in the event of a traffic accident.The agency, therefore, believed that the old-generation scooters were very dangerous and the government Scooters should be banned from driving on the road to guide older people to drive ordinary cars.
Which of the following options does not support the above assertion?
A.The price of scooters is generally lower than ordinary cars
B.The market share of these three brands of scooters is extremely high
C.Elderly people using scooters are generally qualified to drive cars
D.Safety is the primary factor in determining whether a scooter can go on the road

a
In recent years, with the rise of large-scale wild zoos, it has been suggested that traditional urban zoos no longer need to exist.However, traditional urban zoos have the advantages of low fares and convenient transportation, and it is very convenient to organize visits to primary and secondary schools, so they have a strong education Function, so the traditional city zoo is indispensable.
Which of the following is not a flaw in the above argument?
A.Ignore the possibility of coexistence of safari and traditional urban zoos
B.Traditional urban zoos with strong educational functions should be retained by default
C.Ignoring low fares, convenient transportation is not the same as facilitating visits to primary and secondary schools
D.By default, the zoos that are convenient for primary and secondary schools to visit have strong educational functions.

b
Studies have shown that diabetes is a metabolic disease characterized by chronic hyperglycemia caused by multiple etiologies.It is the result of a combination of factors and has a family aggregation phenomenon.Family history is an important basis for indicating the risk of diabetes.Understanding family history can help prevent diabetes better.
What premise must be added to reach the above conclusion?
A.The phenomenon of family aggregation is reflected in family history
B.Understanding the risk of diabetes can help prevent it
C.Most people have access to their family history
D.Unhealthy lifestyle is also a factor affecting the onset of diabetes

b
An excessively dense urban layout not only easily causes the city to have a heat island effect, but also does not meet the requirements of ecological aesthetics.Therefore, urban construction should expand the layout as much as possible, reasonably space each city group, so that the city looks soothing and orderly, and not crowded Not messy.
which is the most similar to the logic of this process?
A.Only the combination of interesting stories and popular theories can attract people, make people really understand the connotation, and fall in love with science.So, starting with the small things in daily life, science can be very interesting.
B.The burden of schoolwork in primary and middle schools is too heavy, which is a major problem that affects the happy and healthy growth of primary and secondary school students.Therefore, it is necessary to reduce the burden of schoolwork to the end and eliminate blind areas such as online training.
C.The origin of astronomy is roughly at the same time as the origin of civilization.Therefore, pursuing the origin of astronomy means that we can grasp the context of the birth and development of civilization to some extent
D.The lawyer team is related to the people's demand for the rule of law and is directly related to the competitiveness of a place.Therefore, perfect legal services are an important part of the business environment and an important yardstick for measuring the attractiveness of cities.

d
Since the 1970s, some regions have introduced the cultivation of European and American black poplars for papermaking.These European and American black poplars adapt to the local climate and environment, grow rapidly, and the area of planting has expanded rapidly.However, in recent years, local ecological and environmental problems have become increasingly serious.It is believed that the ecological environment in the region can be repaired by cutting off these European and American black poplars.
Which of the following options best point out the shortcomings of the above discussion?
A.Assume that other crops can replace the economic value of European and American black poplar
B.Ignoring other exotic plants introduced in the area can also affect the ecological environment
C.It is assumed that the planting area of European and American black poplar introduced in this area is much larger than the area of local tree species
D.The causal relationship between the expansion of the poplar planting area in Europe and the United States and the ecological and environmental problems

a
As the pace of life accelerates, many people will use time management software to plan their time to improve work efficiency.This approach is feasible.Because the "reminder function" of the brain is not accurate enough, it is rarely done at the right time The right reminders, and external reminders can help you better grasp the time.
Which of the following options can most weaken the above argument?
A.Time management software will increase stress and affect work efficiency
B.The quality of time management software is uneven, and it is difficult for people to distinguish between good and bad
C.Time management software will further accelerate people's pace of life
D.Time management software is difficult to apply to all work and life matters

d
E-books of literary works will bring a high degree of attention to the works, which can drive the sales of paper books.Therefore, all publishers who want to increase the sales of print literary works will publish e-books for literary works.book.
Which of the following is most similar to the logic of the argument process?
A.Family education can cultivate children's knowledge, character, and skills, so as to ensure the development of children's talents.Therefore, parents' attention to family education is a sufficient condition to ensure the development of children's talents
B.Whether or not to master the lifeblood of a work is a criterion for judging whether a writer has his own language system.This is because a writer who has his own language system can master the lifeblood of a work and become an excellent writer.
C.Family style and folk style complement each other, and folk style is closely related to national style.In modern society, the good family style must influence the formation of a good social style.Only a good family style can breed a civilized society
D.To inherit traditional culture, we must build a traditional culture inheritance system, because once this system is constructed, we can systematically extract its essence and remove its dregs, thereby ensuring the inheritance and development of traditional culture.

a
With the increase of the resident population in a city, the per capita area of sports venues is gradually decreasing.According to a recent study, the physical fitness of residents in the city has gradually declined in recent years.Based on this, some experts believe that the lack of sports venues As a result, the amount of exercise of the residents is insufficient, so the physical fitness of the residents has decreased year by year.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above conclusion?
A.Most free sports venues in the city are deserted all year round
B.Total annual consumption of residents in sports continues to rise
C.The types of regular sports that residents in the city are increasing
D.The number of residents who can continue to exercise has declined year by year

c
Greenland's ice shelf is retreating at a crazy speed, glaciers in Alaska and Norway are melting significantly, glaciers in the Andes have disappeared, glaciers in Patagonia are in danger, and the highest peaks in the Alps are horrible.The glaciers in China are showing signs of decline ...The above phenomenon shows that global glaciers have withered under the influence of climate warming.But in recent years, glaciologists have found an unusual phenomenon, the glaciers in the Karakoram Mountains It has not melted, and the data show that these glaciers are even thickening, adding 11 centimeters per year.
Which of the following conclusions best supports the above conclusions?
A.The global climate has not actually warmed
B.Climate warming is not the only cause of melting glaciers
C.Climate warming will not affect the increase or decrease of glaciers
D.Climate warming has less impact on glaciers than on other ecology

b
Which of the following are the weather conditions in some cities in northern China on a winter day: (1) some cities have snowfall; (2) some cities have no snowfall; (3) Beijing and Handan have no snowfall.
If only one of the three assertions is true, which of the following options must be true?
A.Snowfall in Beijing, but not in Handan
B.Snowfall in all these cities
C.No snow in all of these cities
D.None of the above options may be true

d
Last year, a town assigned three college student village officials A.B, and C to work in Hefeng Village, Tuanjie Village, and Yangmei Village.People did not know who was assigned to which village to work, but they did the following three Guess: 1 A is assigned to work in Hefeng Village, B is assigned to work in Tuanjie Village; 2A is assigned to work in Tuanjie Village, C is assigned to work in Hefeng Village; 3A is assigned to work in Yangmei Village, B is assigned to work in Hefeng Village.It was later confirmed that all three guesses were only half-matched.
Can it be launched from this?
A.A is assigned to work in Hefeng Village, B is assigned to work in Tuanjie Village, and C is assigned to work in Yangmei Village
B.A is assigned to work in Tuanjie Village, B is assigned to work in Hefeng Village, and C is assigned to work in Yangmei Village
C.A is assigned to work in Yangmei Village, B is assigned to work in Hefeng Village, and C is assigned to work in Tuanjie Village
D.A is assigned to work in Yangmei Village, B is assigned to Tuanjie Village, and C is assigned to Hefeng Village

d
The Ministry of Land and Resources, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development jointly issued the `` Pilot Scheme for the Construction of Leased Houses Using Collective Construction Land, '' which officially allowed urban villages, suburban villages, and urban edge villages to construct leased housing for collective construction land.The construction of leased housing on collective construction land into the market will enable a large number of people who have the willingness and ability to buy a house to rent a house, thereby stabilizing housing prices.
Which of the following, if true, would be most likely to challenge the above view?
A.Pilot construction of leased housing for collective construction land will lead to a reduction in the supply of land for commercial housing construction
B.Allowing collective construction land to construct leased housing will damage farmers' agricultural production income, and the progress of the pilot program will be hindered
C.The promulgation of the pilot scheme has given legal status to rental houses in urban villages, suburban villages, and urban villages
D.A large number of collective construction land sneaked into the city before the pilot scheme was issued, and the demand for the rental market has been met

b
A university professor believes that since the implementation of China's housing provident fund system, only some deposit-paying employees who have the ability to buy a house have enjoyed low-interest housing loans, and it has not played a role in housing security for those working-class workers with low income and no ability to buy a house.Therefore, the housing provident fund system is a "robbing the poor and helping the rich" system, and the state should cancel the housing provident fund system.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the professor's point of view?
A.The housing provident fund system is a compulsory housing security system established by the state
B.The provident fund of the enterprise deposit is an additional income for the individual
C.Deposit workers of private enterprises do not have the ability to purchase a house due to low income
D.Migrant workers are generally unwilling to buy a house at work

d
Due to the high housing prices and prices in China's large cities, the cost of living is significantly higher than that of small and medium cities, especially for small towns, the cost of living in large cities is several times that of small towns.In this way, it is bound to limit the rural population Influx of large cities.Therefore, China's only reliance on the development of large cities to achieve urbanization is an unsustainable and difficult road.
Which of the following is the premise implicit in the above argument?
A.There is no upper limit on the capacity of large cities to absorb the rural population
B.All towns are fully developed before they can be called urbanized
C.Large cities are far more attractive to the rural population than small and medium cities
D.To achieve urbanization, cities need to fully absorb the rural population

b
Business management believes that the human resources management department has a very important role in the modern enterprise management process, but the survey found that the department did not participate in the decision-making of the company's development planning throughout, and the senior managers hired by the company were all determined by the CEO.Human resources management departments often only play a supporting and supporting role.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument?
A.Human resources management department has the right to hire middle management personnel
B.For individual large companies, the manager of the human resources management department has the right to participate in the company's highest decision-making meeting
C.Talent is a core element of the company's development, and human resources management can attract and retain talent for the company
D.In the world's top 500 companies, the human resources management department selects staff from employees with first-line work experience

c
According to statistics, about 20 million people in the U.S.are affected by mite allergies.Research results from a university show that compared to other species, the eastern and western coasts of the United States are mites 'paradise, while the western inland is mites' hell.Living in a humid environment.In this regard, experts suggest, "If you are allergic to mites, living in the dry and high altitude areas of the United States and Canada is definitely a good choice."
Which of the following, if true, is the most effective support for the above expert advice?
A.Much more people are allergic to mites living in the western United States than in the eastern United States
B.Mattresses, blankets and furniture moved from wet areas to dry areas can also breed mites
C.Many people who are allergic to mites report that their allergy symptoms have decreased during business trips in the western United States
D.By covering the mattress and blanket with a hypoallergenic cover and changing the sheets every week, it can effectively suppress mites

a
In a certain electronic product promotion meeting, a certain electronic product was particularly popular with consumers.When summing up the experience, the person in charge of the promotion meeting said that it seems that only electronic products that have invested a lot of advertising costs to promote can have good market acceptance.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the statement of the person in charge?
A.The design of an electronic product adds more technological elements, although it is not advertised, it is still welcomed by the market
B.The advertising group most concerned about electronic products is young people, and the consumers who participated in this promotion happened to have more young people
C.A certain electronic product has invested a lot of advertising costs to promote it, but because its price is too high, it is not welcomed by the market
D.Some electronic products have invested heavily in advertising, but they do not actually have some of the functions advertised

d
Antarctica can, should, and even must be considered as a "quasi-global public domain".Generally, the global public domain is considered to be an area outside its national jurisdiction and its resources.It belongs to all human beings and can be used by everyone.The shelving of the Antarctic Treaty's territorial sovereignty laid the legal foundation for Antarctica as a "quasi-global public domain," while provisions such as "open", "peaceful", and "freedom of scientific research" actually gave it the nature of the Antarctic public domain.The requirement that it should only be used for peaceful purposes made the Antarctic region a rare pure land during the Cold War: avoiding the devastation of war and successfully denuclearizing it.
If the following items are true, the ones that support the above argument are:
A.Antarctica is rich in biological resources, water resources, and huge market potential
B.Antarctic governance has long been in the hands of a few technologically advanced Western nations
C.The United States has formed the Antarctic Support Task Force and is stationed in New Zealand for Air Force's Antarctic Flight Operations
D.If the Antarctic ice sheet melts, sea level will rise by 57 meters, which is directly related to the common destiny of mankind

a
An administrative department needs to select personnel to participate in the poverty alleviation work.In this regard, the secretary, the director, and the deputy director have the following requirements: Secretary: If you do not elect Chief Li to participate in the poverty alleviation, then you will select Chief Ma to participate in the poverty alleviation; Director: If you do not Select Chief Ma to participate in targeted poverty alleviation, then do not select Chief Li to participate in targeted poverty alleviation; Deputy Director: Either select Chief Ma to participate in poverty alleviation, or Chief Li to participate in poverty alleviation.
In the following items, the requirements of the secretary, the director, and the deputy director are met at the same time:
A.Chief Ma participated in counterpart poverty alleviation
B.Chief Li participates in counterpart poverty alleviation
C.Mr.Ma and Mr.Li are participating in counterpart poverty alleviation
D.Mr.Ma and Mr.Li are not participating in counterpart poverty alleviation

d
Cars that travel more than 600,000 kilometers should be scrapped; some vehicles that travel more than 600,000 kilometers have design defects; some of the cars that should be scrapped are not T-brand cars; all T-brand cars do not have design defects.
If the above judgment is correct, what must be true is:
A.Some T-brand cars should be scrapped
B.Some T-brand cars should not be scrapped
C.Cars that should be scrapped all travel more than 600,000 kilometers
D.Some cars with design defects should be scrapped

c
Water bear worm is a small aquatic animal, also known as a tardigrade animal.Water bear worm is the strongest living creature known on the earth, it can survive in an extreme pressure environment without protective measures.Strange capabilities have led researchers to investigate their genomes.Currently, the first genome sequencing results of pacing animals show that during the evolution of pacing animals, horizontal gene transfer (D.NA.), A large number of genes were obtained from other species.
If the following items are true, the above questions can be questioned most:
A.Genetic testing found a gene in water bear insects whose protein can resist DNA damage in human cultured cells
B.Water bear worms can survive for a long time in a space vacuum environment, and can successfully recover after more than 30 years of freezing
C.Water bear worms inherit all genes from their ancestors.No genetic material from plants or microorganisms was found in the body.
D.There is a very strange "mashup" method of genetic material in water bear insects.It is this "mashup" that makes water bear insects grow and develop in more complex ways.

c
From 880 to 2012, the global temperature rose.And each time the temperature rose, food production fell by about 1981 to 2002.Due to climate warming, the global corn, wheat and other crop production fell by 40 million tons annually.Warming to ensure global food security, we must start from ourselves, save energy and reduce emissions, and control total carbon emissions.
If the following items are true, Which of the following are not necessary prerequisites for the above conclusions:
A.Falling production of crops such as corn, wheat threatens global food security
B.Energy saving and emission reduction, and controlling total carbon emissions has a positive impact on curbing global warming
C.Food crops other than corn, wheat, etc.have not increased production due to global warming
D.The increase in total carbon emissions caused by human activities is one of the causes of global warming

b
A city held a series of spring music festival activities, and one of the events invited a well-known symphony orchestra to perform in the city for the first time, and symphony enthusiasts in the city are looking forward to this.Considering the influence of the orchestra, the organizer is expected to last two days Symphony Orchestra's performance will be "difficult to get".But after the ticket sales started, it was found that this was not the case.
Which of the following is true to best explain the situation?
A.Other events at the festival attract many audiences
B.Symphony has not been accepted by most of the people in the city
C.The city has been rainy during the festival
D.Ticket prices for the symphony orchestra are too high

c
A survey of multiple provinces found that for extroverts, spending a lot of time on online social networking does not affect their willingness to communicate face-to-face with others, and introverts do not become social masters even if they do not socialize online.Therefore, some researchers believe that the concern that online social will hinder traditional social is unnecessary.
Which of the following is true to best support the above conclusion?
A.There are many people who spend a lot of time on social networking and are unwilling to communicate face to face with others
B.No matter which method is adopted, the total time of most people participating in social activities is relatively fixed
C.With the help of online socialization, many people have improved their abilities and confidence in traditional socialization
D.The research was conducted by a university, and among the students of the university, online social networking is not the main way of socializing

a
In recent years, there have been several serious traffic accidents in a car produced by a company.Some people believe that this is caused by a defect in the design of the car.In this regard, the company firmly denies that there are defects in the design.The analysis report of the traffic accident, when the accident occurs, the driver has drunk driving or fatigue driving.
Which of the following is true and does not support the company's point of view the most?
A.The company has always claimed that its products have good safety performance
B.The traffic accident analysis report based on the company is true and reliable
C.Drinking and fatigue can seriously affect the driver's judgment when driving
D.After testing the accident vehicle, no design defects were found

c
The high-tech zone of a city is far from the old city and there are few buses.Most of the employees of high-tech companies live in the old city, and they often arrive late because they can't get on the bus on time.For this reason, the number of bus companies has increased significantly.In order to meet the travel needs of these employees, the bus frequency between the high-tech zone and the old city was met, but after a period of observation, the situation has not improved, and these employees are often late.
Which of the following is true to best explain the above phenomenon?
A.Many enterprises in high-tech zones have adjusted their working hours
B.Some employees of high-tech zones that used to drive to work switched to buses
C.Due to narrow roads, long traffic jams often occur after a large increase in bus frequency
D.Many high-tech zone employees who used to take buses to work instead of drive or take taxis

b
A research team has found that people who fall asleep in closed environments are more likely to wake up more frequently and feel poorer sleep quality.Therefore, some people think that closing the doors and windows at bedtime will reduce sleep quality.
Which of the following is true that would most weaken the above conclusion?
A.The research group surveyed mostly young people
B.People with poor sleep quality prefer to close the doors and windows to sleep
C.Closed doors and windows can affect indoor air quality and affect sleep
D.Window opening at night is not suitable for all rooms due to security, warmth, etc.

b
The sun's radiation and air pollution in the external environment will cause the body to generate more reactive oxygen free radicals.The reactive oxygen radicals in the body are the root of human aging, and antioxidants can effectively remove excess free radicals in the body.
If the above description is true, which of the following must be true?
A.Eliminate excess free radicals in the body, either avoid sunlight radiation and air pollution, or ingest antioxidants
B.The speed of human aging may be determined by the environment and may also be affected by antioxidants
C.Severe air pollution affects the speed of aging and the effectiveness of antioxidants
D.Antioxidants can effectively extend human life

d
Recently, a company introduced an air conditioner that consumes less power than all other similar products on the market.Therefore, the company's management believes that the sales of this air conditioner will exceed all other similar products on the market.
Which of the following is true and most likely to question the company's management's judgment?
A.The company's brand awareness is lower than other similar companies
B.The quality of the after-sales service of this air conditioner is inferior to other similar products
C.The service life of this air conditioner is lower than the average level of similar products
D.Power consumption is not the main concern of most consumers when buying air conditioners

a
The unit received a work task, and the leader decided to choose 3 people from Zhang, Wang, Li, Lin, Shen, and Zhao to form a working group.The working group should meet the following 3 conditions: Zhang and Lin at least need to One person are selected.At most one of Wang and Li can be selected.If Shen and Zhao are selected at the same time, Wang cannot be selected.
Which of the following staff members are not eligible:
A.Shen, Li, Zhao
B.Li, Zhang, Lin
C.Zhao, Zhang, Wang
D.Shen, Wang, Lin

d
The number of physical retail stores in a city increased from 3,800 in 2013 to 4,500 in 2017.But in recent years, the proportion of physical retail stores in the city's sales has not increased in the entire retail industry.Has dropped.
Which of the following is true and cannot explain the above phenomenon?
A.The overall sales of brick-and-mortar retail stores in the city have declined significantly in recent years
B.Overall sales of non-physical retail stores in the city have increased rapidly in recent years
C.The overall sales of the city's retail industry have increased significantly in recent years
D.The number of non-physical retail stores in the city has grown faster than physical retail stores in recent years

d
False memory syndrome refers to a person's identity and interpersonal relationship centered on the memory of a traumatic experience.This memory is objectively false, but the patient is convinced that it is very realistic in the patient's heart.Is almost an "objective reality".
According to the above definition, which of the following is false memory syndromes?
A.After being bitten by a snake, A will be scared when he sees everything like a snake
B.B participates in the wedding and can't help but recall the situation when he was married and feel happy
C.Seeing the poor beggar on the side of the road will bring back painful memories and pity
D.Ding can get the peace of mind by repeatedly washing hands to eliminate the strong filth inside.

b
The social collaborative governance mechanism refers to the government's need to govern, by playing its leading role, to build an institutionalized communication channel and participation platform, and to always protect and respect the dominant position of society and the society's own operating mechanisms and laws, strengthen the social With the support and cultivation of the government, and with the society, we will give play to the role of society in autonomous governance, participation in services, collaborative management, and other aspects, and form a new pattern of social governance led by government, social collaboration, and co-construction and sharing.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is social collaborative governance?
A.The Industrial and Commercial Bureau, Urban Management Brigade, etc.of the Street Coordination District will carry out joint law enforcement from time to time to jointly improve the business order within the jurisdiction
B.The city government integrates social resources, and allocates street cadres, police, social workers and other personnel in the community to set up a service desk to serve the residents of the community
C.The county education bureau, civil affairs bureau, public security bureau, etc.jointly provide one-stop administrative approval services for enterprises and individuals in the administrative service hall
D.The Provincial Administration for Industry and Commerce, the Higher People's Court, and a provincial branch of the People's Bank of China jointly signed an agreement to implement joint credit supervision of untrustworthy enterprises

b
The principle of administrative proportionality refers to the implementation of administrative actions by administrative entities that should take into account the realization of administrative objectives and the protection of the rights and interests of counterparties.If the initial administrative goals may cause some adverse effects on the rights and interests of counterparties, such adverse effects should be limited to the smallest possible Within the range and limits, keep the two at a moderate ratio.
Based on the above definition, which of the following options are in line with the principle of administrative proportionality?
A.Wang was fined 50,000 yuan by the city management for unlicensed operation for setting up a stall in a commercial area.
B.Tan added a second floor to the approved three-story building and was ordered to demolish the second floor
C.Ma is drunk driving and has an alcohol content of 300mg / 100ml.He was sentenced to 3 months in detention and suspended for one year.
D.Zhang and Li fought each other.Zhang Mou suffered a minor injury and was fined 500 yuan and detained for 15 days.

c
The projection test refers to using some method to bypass the subject's psychological defense and detect their true thoughts when they are unprepared.In the actual test, the tester often gives the subject some vague stimuli and observes their These fuzzy stimuli respond to test conclusions.
According to the above definition, which of the following is projection tests?
A.In order to select the choir members, the teacher in the music class asked each student to sing a song
B.The restaurant owner goes out temporarily and lets the customer put the money in the box at the counter by himself
C.The examiner deliberately piled some scattered books at the entrance of the examination room before the candidates entered the interview.
D.Zhang wants to inspect a few young people and deliberately drops his wallet on his desk before leaving work

d
Vertical integration refers to the integration between the upper and lower reaches of the entire industrial chain.The main purpose is to control certain resources and ensure supply, such as acquiring upstream raw material suppliers or owning certain channels to expand sales.Or similar products, operating similar businesses, and merging between companies that provide the same business, the main purpose is to bring together small-scale enterprises to form an enterprise group to achieve economies of scale.
According to the above definition, which of the following is horizontal integrations?
A.Lao Zhang built a vegetable and fish farm breeding base to ensure the quality of his hotel's food supplies
B.Due to the economic downturn and the weak property market, a real estate agent has started to enter the e-commerce field
C.In order to expand business, a company unites with a university to take the road of combining production, learning and research
D.A well-known dairy producer acquires 85% of a dairy company

a
Yongdian is a kind of rhetorical method that guides the stories or words in ancient books.The rhetoric can express relevant content and thoughts richly and implicitly, also known as "useful things." Yongdian can be divided into Ming Code, Dark Code, and Qudian Code.The Ming Code means that you can know the allusions used at a glance; the Dark Code means that there are literally no traces of the use of the Code, and you must understand it in detail; you can understand it by translating the Code, which is against the original intention of the Code, and makes the article unexpected effect.
According to the definition above, which of the following is options that are not transliteration?
A.Zhou Gong vomits, the world returns to the heart
B.Chun Fang Xie at random
C.Dongfeng doesn't meet Zhou Langbian, Tongue Chun deeply locks Er Qiao
D.Ke Kan looking back, under the Buddha's Temple, there is a drum of God Crow Club

c
The occupational gene refers to that each person's career direction matches a certain temperament of his own.This temperament is a psychological cultivation with a strong personal color that is formed subtly in interpersonal communication.
According to the above definition, which of the following phenomena conforms to the theory of occupational genes?
A.Xiaoming's parents are teachers, and eventually, Xiaoming also chose a teacher profession
B.Xiaohong loved watching cartoons since childhood and grew up to be an anime designer
C.Xiao Ding, cheerful and active, is applying for a salesperson in a mall
D.Xiao Li, who is quick to talk, becomes slow after graduating as a doctor for two years

c
Augmented reality technology is a new technology that seamlessly integrates real-world information and virtual world information.It is physical information (visual, sound, taste, touch, etc.) that is difficult to experience in a certain time and space range in the real world ), Through computer and other scientific technologies, the simulation is then superimposed, and the virtual information is applied to the real world and perceived by human senses, so as to achieve a sensory experience beyond reality.
Based on the definition above, which of the following is options that are not augmented reality?
A.An undersea roaming system allows users to interact with marine life in a virtual scene through interactive experience equipment, playing
B.A game uses a tracker to detect user movement and provide users with a field of vision including a virtual landscape through a helmet display
C.A smart contact lens developed by a scientist receives mobile phone data through wireless technology and projects the image on the phone to the eye
D.An artist guides the user to follow the player's instructions in the physical space to become a participant in the situation he designed

c
Agricultural drought refers to the lack of soil moisture in the crop during the growing period of the crop, which affects the normal growth and development of the crop.Hydrological drought refers to the inadequate balance of surface water or groundwater due to the long-term shortage of precipitation.Balance, there is a shortage of water, which reduces the flow of rivers, lakes, reservoirs, etc.Socioeconomic drought refers to the abnormal water shortage caused by the imbalance of water supply and demand in natural systems and human socioeconomic systems.Supply, socioeconomic drought will occur.
According to the above definition, which of the following is options in the category of socioeconomic drought?
A.No rain in January, large-scale bare river bed appeared in a famous river basin
B.The subway construction team accidentally digged the water pipe, causing several communities to stop water for one day
C.Perennial low rainfall causes a certain industrial zone to implement a method of levying water charges by time
D.It has not rained for half a month, and the spike length of rice in some places has shortened, and the spike grains have decreased.

a
The Karel formula means that only by forcing ourselves to face the worst situation and accepting it mentally will it put us in a position where we can focus on solving the problem.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is options related to Carrell's formula?
A.A businessman owes a large amount of debt due to poor management, and arrives in a relative's farm in despair, wanting to spend the rest of his life here, but with the encouragement of melon farmers, he finally rises again
B.A Jun's stock quilt was very distressed, and later figured it out, learning to be an ostrich, not looking at stocks, and focusing on work.A few years later, his career was successful
C.An old lady selling flowers was shabby but full of joy.She said, "Jesus was crucified and died on Friday, but isn't it just Easter three days later? So I always have joy."
D.Ah Q suffered a bad fight with D, thinking: "I finally got beaten by my son, and now the world is really not good, my son is actually playing Lao Tzu." So he was content with satisfaction and seemed to be victorious.

b
Recognizing that the requirements of land and climate for species survival can provide a basis for regulating human food production and protecting species to the greatest extent.Scientists have concluded through investigations that when rainforests are cut into farmland, birds that need humid climates Tends to die, and those who adapt to arid climates survive.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the scientists' conclusions?
A.Birds adapted to dry climates are better able to adapt to future climate changes and future land use changes
B.The natural conditions of farmland are similar to the natural conditions of bird habitat in arid climates
C.It is necessary to preserve protozoan habitats in arid regions to buffer the impact of climate change
D.When converting animal habitat into farmland, one must consider current and future climate conditions in the area

c
The helium gas currently used by humans mainly comes from the by-products produced during the oil and gas drilling process.The total amount is limited and it is difficult to meet the demand.The first "intentional" discovery of a large amount of helium is the result of a recent collaboration between researchers and mining companies.Approximately 1.5 billion cubic meters of helium has been found in Tanzania, in eastern Africa, and a total of 1.2 million medical nuclear magnetic resonance devices can be used.This site is located in the Great Rift Valley of East Africa.The heat generated by violent volcanic activity has contained ancient rocks.Of helium is released into shallow oilfields.This extraction may become a turning point to ensure future social helium demand.
Which of the following needs to be premised for the conclusion of the above conclusion?
A.Foreseeable future without violent volcanic activity
B.The geomorphology of the Great Rift Valley in East Africa no longer changes in the long run
C.The detection method used this time helps to find and extract more helium in more places
D.In the future, humans will no longer wait passively for by-products from oil and gas drilling.

c
The reason that the living things on the earth can survive on the earth's surface is that the biggest protection is that the earth's magnetic field deflects a large number of charged particles and a lot of harmful cosmic rays are isolated from the atmosphere.Recently, scientists found that the magnetic field of the South Atlantic began to flip and the earth's magnetic field was being Weakened.After research, they believe that if the Earth's magnetic field is flipped, all living things will be extinct without the protection of the magnetic field.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.After the Earth-like planet Mars lost its magnetic field, its atmosphere was completely destroyed by the solar wind, and life disappeared.
B.The range of the anomalous area of the South Atlantic is currently increasing, and problems often occur when orbiting satellites pass by here
C.Earth's life will be exposed to the unprotected surface when the magnetic field is flipped, causing a skin cancer outbreak
D.Over the past 200 years, as the magnetic field of the South Atlantic has begun to flip, the Earth's magnetic field has weakened by 15%

b
The researchers selected 16 November-old children for experimental research.Eight of them came from English-speaking families, and the other eight came from Spanish-speaking, English-speaking families.Each child listened to an audio recording about 18 minutes long.Both English and Spanish are pronounced.Researchers have used magnetoencephalography to find that in the brain's executive region, children who grew up in bilingual families responded more strongly to verbal sound stimulation than children in monolingual families.Strongly, this shows that the bilingual environment has begun to affect brain activity very early.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Comparatively speaking, Spanish sounds more pronounced on the brain than English.
B.Children who have grown up in a bilingual family can master bilingualism without the need for parents to teach it
C.Children of bilingual families at 11 months of age have a stronger perception of foreign language sounds than when they are 6 months of age
D.Previous studies of the human brain have shown that adults with bilingual skills have more active brain functions

d
When Xiao Zhang, Xiao Li, Xiao Wang, and Xiao Jia played baseball in the park, the glass of Teacher Tian's house just happened to be broken.Teacher Tian suspected that it was related to them, so they asked them separately.The four answers were as follows: Xiao Zhang said: "The glass in your house is not broken by us.It has nothing to do with us." Xiao Wang said: "At least one of Xiao Li and Xiao Jia must be innocent." Xiao Li said: "I can only tell You, the person who broke your glass must be among us."Xiao Jia said," Teacher Tian, you must believe me, it really isn't me who broke."If two of the four people said False, two people are telling the truth,
Can it be launched?
A.The truth is Xiao Zhang and Xiao Wang
B.The truth is Xiao Jia and Xiao Zhang
C.It ’s Xiao Jia and Xiao Li who tell the truth
D.The truth is Xiao Li and Xiao Wang

b
Regular exercise not only lays the foundation for children's health, but may also earn a higher income in adulthood.Finnish scholars found in a study that began in 1980 and lasted 30 years that at the age of 9 People who regularly participate in physical exercise at age 12 and 15 increase their average income by 12% to 25% over a 10-year period.This association was specific to the male group, and no such association was observed in the female group.
If one of the following is true, which best supports the above conclusion?
A.The government should provide equal opportunities for children of different economic and social backgrounds to participate in sports activities
B.Sports-loving college boys have advantages in salary and employment after graduation
C.Many previous studies have shown that adult physical activity is directly proportional to income
D.Livelihoods have not survived since the retirement of many sports champions around the world

b
A social platform blocked a celebrity APP marketing product on the grounds that it "brings harassment to users and undermines the user experience." This has aroused public opinion and discussion.
If the following items are true, which of the following can most weaken the view of "bringing harassment to users and destroying user experience"?
A.The platform has blocked another app for the same reason to crack down on its competitors
B.This app has a good reputation among users, and its download volume rose rapidly to the fifth place after its launch.
C.At the same time that the APP is blocked, the application software related to the APP is also blocked
D."User experience" is a rather perceptual experience, and the social platform lacks data to define the experience

d
In an experiment, volunteers have to remember a series of words appearing on the screen, but they will be interrupted by occasional math problems.Researchers will periodically ask volunteers whether they are distracted, and finally, remember the number of words Scoring volunteers' "brain running capacity".The results show that those who are stunned when there are math problems remember more words, proving that they have a larger "brain running capacity".Researchers believe that those who often score God, the crazed ones are actually smarter because they can memorize a lot of information and use it flexibly.
Which of the following, if true, cannot weaken the experimental conclusion?
A.In life, most of the time the brain is distracted when doing anything, usually unnoticed
B.The math problem is changed to a reading comprehension problem, but the number of words remembered by the volunteers is less.
C.Brain operating capacity is also related to other indicators of human IQ, not just the number of words
D.Only when the task is not difficult, a person with a large brain capacity will think about unrelated things

d
The limbic system of the brain drives emotions.This system develops rapidly during puberty, while the prefrontal cortex neural network develops relatively late, and is mainly responsible for providing reasonable judgment and impulsive control.It is now known that the prefrontal cortex can only be around 20 years old Fully mature, but nowadays, puberty is constantly advancing, and the time span between the two is increasing.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Some conflicts between human behavior and age are caused by natural defects in the brain
B.The reason for the formation of adolescent behavior characteristics is the late development of the human body's regulatory function
C.The time span of the unique structure of the human brain that enables humans to control impulsive behavior is increasing
D.Imbalance of human brain control function and limbic system is the key to adolescent impulsive behavior

a
A certain unit decided to send 2 women and 3 men to the provincial capital for training.After selection through various procedures, Which of the following candidates were finally identified: 3 women such as Lin Mou, Yang Mou, Tong Mou, and Chen Mou, He Mou, Wu Mou , 5 men such as Wang, Li, and also stipulated that at the same department, at most one person can be selected to participate in training.It is known that: Lin and Wang are from the same department, Wu and Chen are from the same department, and Wang is From the same place as Lee.
According to the above conditions, if Lin is selected, which of the following must be selected?
A.Lee
B.Wang
C.Tong
D.Chen

b
Stimulation generalization refers to the formation of conditional organisms that have learned to respond to a certain stimulus in a specific way.
Similar stimuli respond to the same behavior, and stimulus differentiation is the selective strengthening and regression of the organism to learn to respond differently to conditioned stimuli and stimuli similar to conditioned stimuli.According to the above definition, Which of the following statement is incorrect :
A."Once bitten by a snake, ten years of fear of well ropes" belongs to the stimulus generalization
B."Looking horizontally into a ridge and a peak, with different heights and distances" is a kind of stimulus differentiation
C.In order to highlight the brand, the manufacturer uniquely designs the packaging to try to make customers differentiate.
D.After a brand of toothpaste becomes a famous brand, the manufacturer also names the cosmetics it produces under the same brand, using the generalization of customer stimulation

a
A certain unit needs to select personnel to participate in the counterpart poverty alleviation work.Known: If Xiao Li does not participate, then Xiao Ma participates; if Xiao Ma does not participate, then Xiao Li does not participate; either Xiao Ma participates, or Xiao Li participates.
Among the following items, the requirements are:
A.Pony participates in counterpart poverty alleviation
B.Xiao Li participates in poverty alleviation
C.Xiao Ma and Xiao Li are participating in counterpart poverty alleviation
D.Xiao Ma and Xiao Li are not participating in counterpart poverty alleviation

c
When people feel that house prices will rise, they will be more willing to buy commercial houses; but when people feel that house prices will still fall, they will be more unwilling to buy commercial houses.Therefore, when the government's encouraging purchase policy was just introduced, it will not stimulate people Willingness to buy a house.
Which of the following is most likely assumed by the above argument?
A.The government's encouraging home purchase policy is often lagging behind and cannot reflect the current price of commercial housing in a timely manner.
B.Most people buy a house mainly due to changes in house prices, not government purchase policies
C.When the government's encouraging purchase policy was first introduced, most people felt that house prices would still fall
D.Most people will have a strong willingness to buy a house when the government's restrictive purchase policy is just introduced

a
As long as corporate credit risk rises and there is insufficient demand for effective credit, banks will fall into an "asset shortage".
If the above determination is true and the bank has not fallen into an "asset shortage", then which of the following must also be true?
A.Corporate credit risk has not risen or there has been no shortage of effective credit demand
B.Corporate credit risk has not risen and there is no shortage of effective credit demand
C.Corporate credit risk does not increase but there is insufficient effective credit demand, or corporate credit risk increases but there is no insufficient effective credit demand
D.At least corporate credit risk has not risen

b
Globally, the cost of living in all big cities is relatively high.Shanghai is a big city, so the cost of living in Shanghai is relatively high.
Which of the following is not the same as the above argument?
A.To enter the court to work, he must pass the national judicial examination.Xiao Wang works in the court, so Xiao Wang has passed the national judicial examination.
B.A graduate student in a certain university can obtain a master's degree by simply answering the graduation thesis.Xiao Zhang has obtained a master's degree this year, so he has passed the defense of the graduation thesis.
C.Throughout world history, every outstanding national leader has a strong will.Washington is an outstanding national leader, so he has a strong will.
D.As long as the urban employee endowment insurance has been paid in accordance with the regulations for 15 years, he can receive monthly pensions after retirement.Mr.Li has paid 20 years of pension insurance in accordance with regulations, so he can receive monthly pensions after retirement.

c
According to the weather forecast, there are only three types of weather this week, namely sunny, rainy and cloudy.It is now known: (1) today is Thursday and sunny; (2) there is no rain on Monday; (3) tomorrow is cloudy; (4) Tomorrow will be rainy or cloudy; (5) Three days this week will be sunny.
So, which of the following is wrong with the following inference?
A.In order to avoid getting wet by the rain, you only need to take an umbrella out for a maximum of three days this week
B.If the weather is not the same on Saturday and Sunday, up to three days of the week are cloudy
C.The weather cannot be the same on Tuesday and Wednesday
D.If Tuesday is cloudy, then it is sunny on Monday

a
A large lake is an important wintering place for migratory birds.In recent years, the lake has experienced problems such as the advance of the dry season and the extension of the dry season.The water level in the dry season is too low and the number of fish is reduced, which affects the feeding of wintering birds.Some experts have suggested that A sluice is built at the river channel to control the water level in the dry season, increase the living space of fish in the lake area, and protect migratory birds in winter.
Which of the following, if true, would most effectively weaken expert advice?
A.The sluice affects the lake's ability to naturally pour the rivers, fish resources cannot be replenished in a timely manner, and natural reproduction will be seriously affected
B.Studies indicate that no matter during the high or low water period, high water levels will make it difficult for migratory birds to feed and may reduce the number of migratory birds.
C.Falling water levels will open the door to poachers tempted by soaring bird prices
D.The sluice blocked the finless porpoise's migratory route in this lake and river section.Even if the gate is left on the sluice, it is difficult for the finless porpoise to drill through because of the fast water flow.

a
In order to solve the problem of urban traffic congestion, the government in some places has continuously widened and built new highways, but these newly built roads were quickly flooded with traffic, and the traffic congestion situation has not only eased, but has become increasingly serious.
Which of the following, if true, is the least helpful in explaining this phenomenon?
A.The minimum speed limit of newly built highways is higher than other highways
B.The new extension of roads will induce people to buy and use more cars
C.New extension of highways will lead to an increase in residential and commercial areas along the route
D.People tend to drive on newly built highways

d
Someone tried several different psychological therapies because of a mental illness: psychoanalytic therapy, cognitive-behavioral therapy, and sandbox therapy.He said, "The psychotherapy process makes me very unhappy, so these therapies are ineffective."
Which of the following, if true, would most effectively challenge the above conclusion?
A.The mental illnesses targeted by several different psychological therapies are different
B.People who try multiple psychotherapies are happier than people who try only one
C.Trying different psychotherapy at the same time makes it easier to find a way to work
D.People with good treatment tend to feel unhappy during treatment

b
Smoke poisoning is the most common fatal factor for indoor fires.A salesman claims that his company's new fire alarm has a built-in sound sensor that uniquely emits a sound when building materials are exposed to high temperatures.The alarm can accurately detect these sounds.It also sends out an alarm before the building materials actually catch fire, so that residents can escape before being trapped by smoke, so it can be a good replacement for traditional smoke alarms.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the salesman's argument?
A.The sound of many house building materials when they actually catch fire can be heard hundreds of meters away
B.Many indoor fires start on mattresses and sofas, producing a lot of smoke without making a sound
C.Data show that the use of smoke alarms has saved many lives
D.Alarm systems with built-in sound sensors are much more expensive to install than traditional smoke alarm systems

c
An auto manufacturer claims that its newly launched car has passed various crash tests, and when a car accident occurs, the safety of passengers can be fully guaranteed.However, some people doubt that crash tests alone are not enough to prove that cars are safe.
Which of the following, if true, cannot support such a challenge?
A.The test cannot simulate the driver's emergency response at the moment of the accident
B.The vehicle used in the test may not be exactly the same as the vehicle sold
C.Testing is usually performed in a laboratory rather than a road accident-prone section
D.Parameters such as the size and mass of the puppet for testing cannot fully simulate a real human body

d
Intercropping refers to the cultivation of two or more crops on the same field during the same growth period, with branches or sub-belts interplanting.Mixed cropping refers to the mixed cultivation of two or more crops in the same field in the same period.Intercropping refers to the planting method of inter-row seeding or transplanting of late-season crops in the later stages of the previous season's crop growth.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are mixed:
A.After planting soybeans on a field for many years, planting pasture for two consecutive years
B.Planting 1 row of corn every 3 to 4 rows in the later stages of wheat growth
C.Plant a row of coffee trees on a piece of land every 4-6 meters wide to form a hedge, and plant rosemary between the hedges
D.In Africa, sometimes crops such as corn, sorghum, cowpea, millet, cassava, and potato are planted randomly and simultaneously on the same field

b
Attention is the orientation and concentration of certain activities by a certain object, and it is a common psychological characteristic accompanied by psychological processes such as perception, memory, thinking, and imagination.Attention has characteristics such as stability, distribution, and transference, among which attention Diversion refers to a person's ability to actively and purposefully adjust attention from one object or activity to another.
The diversion of attention is demonstrated in the following scenarios:
A.Ms.Li can listen to the news broadcast on the radio while cooking
B.Mr.Liu finished his work report at the conference and immediately began to write a work plan
C.Mr.Wang can concentrate fully at work or in his spare time activities
D.Ms.Zhang was reading the newspaper and was suddenly attracted by the quarrel coming from the window

c
Unilateral administrative behavior refers to the behavior of the administrative subject to unilaterally exercise administrative power to achieve administrative purposes.Both parties' administrative behavior refers to the behavior of the administrative subject and the other party being equal and in consensus.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are administrative actions of both parties:
A.The State Council promulgated the "Emergency Regulations on Public Health Emergencies"
B.Tax authorities make fines for tax evasion by taxpayers
C.Municipal government signs public works contract with a construction company for airport construction
D.National Tourism Administration issues summer holiday travel guides and tips

a
Self-knowledge is knowledge about one's own mental state, including knowledge about one's own current experience, thoughts, beliefs, or desires.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not self-knowledge:
A.A learns that it is raining by listening to the weather report from the radio station
B.B decided to change jobs after checking his salary
C.C realizes that if you do not strengthen exercise, you will affect your own health
D.Ding believes he will succeed through hard work

b
The crime of embezzlement of public funds refers to those who are engaged in public affairs in state organs, state-owned companies, enterprises, institutions, and people's organizations.Activities, or misappropriation of public funds of more than 50,000 yuan for profit-making activities, or misappropriation of public funds of more than 50,000 yuan, more than three months have not been repaid.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following crimes constitute misappropriation of public funds:
A.The law enforcement officials of a city's environmental protection bureau concealed the fine of 40,000 yuan paid by the punished unit as not being reported.
B.The director of a poverty alleviation office in a certain province took advantage of his position to put the 60,000 yuan poverty alleviation money he handled into the stock market in the name of his child, and made money to return it after 2 months
C.The accounting of a public hospital uses the convenience of bookkeeping to divert 20,000 yuan of hospital equipment purchase costs for family treatment, and the family will return the money after the illness is cured.
D.The warehouse keeper of a state-owned enterprise sold the goods worth 100,000 yuan in the warehouse for personal high-end consumption after being sold privately.One month later, he was worried that Dongzhuang Inc.would borrow money to buy the goods and put them back into the warehouse.

a
The principle of protection of trust is a basic principle of administrative law, which means that the government's actions or commitments to itself should be honorable, and should not be changed at will and capricious.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are violations of the principle of trust protection:
A.A city government requires rewards for individuals who can attract foreign investment.Zhao introduced a company from a country to invest in the city, but the city government refused to pay the reward afterward.
B.A provincial bureau of industry and commerce stipulated that foreign beer entering the local market must be approved by the bureau in advance, and special operating fees should be paid at the same time, which was later rescinded due to suspected administrative monopoly.
C.A city's public security bureau intends to punish Qian for revoking his license.After investigation, it is confirmed that Qian's behavior is not illegal, so no penalty is imposed.
D.A city's environmental protection bureau considers that its subordinate department has imposed a heavy punishment of 50,000 yuan on Sun, and changed it to a fine of 5,000 yuan.

c
In front of primary and secondary schools in many big cities, long queues for pick-up and drop-off of children can be seen every morning and evening during peak traffic hours.Some people believe that driving children to and from school is a cause of severe traffic congestion.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken this view?
A.Due to the low usage of primary and secondary school buses, a large number of parents choose to drive their children to school
B.Reduced traffic congestion during early rush hours by 20% during winter and summer vacations, and reduced air pollution
C.Most of the primary and secondary schools in big cities are located in the core area of the city, and the traffic flow and pedestrian flow themselves are large.
D.After the state introduced the policy of dividing school districts, many children can go to school nearby

a
With the development of personalized medicine and clinical cancer genomic research, the demand for genetic testing services is becoming more and more extensive.Genomics technologies and targeted therapies can bring great benefits to cancer patients.Using genomics technologies to treat diseases in patients in the field of cancer research It is very attractive, so companies providing genetic testing services on the Internet are becoming more and more popular, but experts have found that at least one of the genetic testing projects for personalized cancer diagnosis or treatment provided by most websites has no clinical application value.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Some services of network genetic testing companies have no clinical significance
B.Not all genetic testing projects are scientific and accurate
C.Not all genetic testing programs are cancer-related
D.Promotion of personalized medicine promotes genomic research

d
The researchers studied 13 cloned sheep, 4 of which were just replicas of the world's first somatic cloned sheep, "Dolly." The researchers examined the musculoskeletal, metabolic, and blood pressure of these cloned sheep.The results were found to be in contrast to controls Compared with group sheep, these cloned sheep only had mild osteoarthritis, and only one was moderate.They had no symptoms of metabolic disease, normal blood pressure, and relatively healthy.Therefore, the researchers pointed out that the aging process of cloned animals was normal.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument?
A.The sheep in the control group in the study are younger than the sheep in the experimental group
B.The world's first cloned sheep "Dolly" only survived 6 years
C.Current somatic cell cloning technology is far from perfect
D.Researchers fail to detect major molecular markers related to aging

b
Enceladus is a small satellite of Saturn that is wrapped in thick ice and contains oceans.Recently, the Cassini unmanned detector detected a vapor column ejected from a crack in the surface of Enceladus Hydrogen molecules that are present in the scientists.Based on this, scientists have concluded that between the rocky core of Enceladus and the ocean below its ice shell, a hydrothermal chemical reaction is likely to occur, which means that Enceladus has almost conserved life.The necessary conditions, in the future, humans can explore Enceladus to find signs of life.
If one of the following is true, the above argument is most questioned?
A.The Cassini probe has orbited Saturn for 13 years, and no life was found on Enceladus
B.Sulfur and phosphorus required for life have not been found in Enceladus
C.On the earth, hydrogen in hot springs under the sea can serve as food for microorganisms and the basis of complex ecosystems
D.Earlier evidence obtained through the Hubble Telescope that no signs of life on Jupiter's moons exist

a
A: "Eating fish can make people smart." B: "Yes, I didn't like to eat fish since I was a child, so I was stupid.
In order for B's argument to be valid, which of the following must be added as a prerequisite?
A.People who do n’t like fish must be stupid
B.Smart people must love fish
C.Stupid people must not eat fish
D.Fish lovers must be smart

c
A good friend asked Bingbing: "Are you unable to accept the result that you were not accepted?"
The implicit premise of this sentence is:
A.Bingbing cannot accept that he has not been accepted
B.Bingbing should accept the result that she was not accepted
C.Bingbing was not accepted
D.Bingbing is a person with poor mental capacity

d
For decades, there has been such a view in dinosaur research: Some dinosaurs can distinguish sex based on their bone differences.For example, male Anchored horned dragons differ from females in that males have wider head shields and protrusions on the nose Also bigger.
Which of the following, if true, best supports this view?
A.The researchers reanalyzed the original data of dinosaur fossils and tested them using statistical methods such as mixed models.
B.Birds and crocodiles are the closest existing animals to dinosaurs.Male crocodiles are much larger than females, and the sex differences between birds are more obvious.For example, male peacocks have huge gorgeous tail feathers, while female peacocks are unpretentious.
C.At present, data samples of dinosaurs are very scattered, and there are not enough fossils of some dinosaur species.
D.medulla bone is rich in calcium, which can be used as the raw material for the production and storage of eggshells, and only exists in the long bones of female dinosaurs that spawn.

a
All future companies are Internet companies, and any Internet company is facing competitive pressures.Therefore, category A factories are not future companies.
For the above argument to be true, which of the following needs to be added as a prerequisite?
A.Category A factories do not face competition pressure
B.Internet companies are not all category A factories
C.Category A factories are Internet companies
D.Internet companies are future companies

b
As people grow older, their material needs gradually decrease, and their spiritual needs increase.Therefore, in order to meet the growing spiritual needs, the elderly should participate in cultural and sports activities more actively than when they are young.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.As society progresses, older people have more spiritual needs than young people
B.The lives of older people who are more active in cultural and physical activities than when they were young
C.The material life of some elderly people is not rich
D.Elderly people do not have more mental needs than young people

c
A Zhuyu shop was stolen, and the police found the following clues: (1) at least one of A.B, and C was a criminal; (2) if A was a criminal, then B must be a co-accused;
From this we can infer:
A.C is a criminal
B.A is a criminal
C.A.B, and C are criminals
D.A.B, and C are criminals

d
The phrase "small is beautiful", in my opinion, it may not hold up as a strict aesthetic proposition.For example, classical poets like chanting small bridges and flowing cherries, but many people take the opposite.Hobby, go to praise the bridge across the sea or Sophia Roland's wide mouth.
From this we can infer:
A.Nothing is absolutely large or absolutely small
B."Small is shameful" is incorrect
C.No absolute beauty or ugliness
D.Big and small, which form is beautiful, is a matter of love for radish and cabbage

a
The fundamental reason for the development of things is not the outside of things but the inside of things, and the contradictions inside things.Anything inside has contradictions.
therefore:
A.Everything is in constant movement and development
B.Some things can be at rest
C.Things in motion and development are moving at the same speed
D.When a society is closed, it is a static society

a
According to a survey conducted by the relevant Shanghai authorities on the mortality rate of people with different marital status between 25 and 64 years of age, the death rate of widowed and divorced people is significantly higher than that of those with spouses.The total standardized death rate of widowed people is 880 / 100,000, 3.2 times the spouse population; the total standardized mortality rate for the divorced population was 8.7 per 100,000, which was 3.1 times that of the spouse population.
The correct inference from this is:
A.More widowed than divorced
B.A healthy marriage is good for people's physical and mental health
C.3.1 times more spouses than divorces
D.The average life expectancy of people is getting higher and higher

d
Fu Lei once said: "No matter how small and insignificant, it reflects a person's consciousness and temperament.Modifying small habits, waiting for the day to modify his consciousness and temperament."
It can be inferred from this sentence:
A.Correcting your bad habits is both important and difficult.
B.To establish good consciousness and healthy temperament, bad habits must be changed
C.Establish good awareness and healthy temperament, develop your own good habits
D.The development of good habits must start with trivial things

d
In ancient times, due to the limitations of the level of political, economic and cultural development, books were not as many and so complicated as today, so the need for reference books is far less urgent than today.
therefore:
A.There should be some excellent reference books
B.Reference books are expensive
C.Too many reference books, too complicated
D.There was no reference book in ancient times

c
In administrative management, it is required to have the same powers and responsibilities, and if they have certain powers, they must bear the corresponding responsibilities.Vice versa, if they have assumed certain responsibilities, they should have the power to perform their responsibilities.
therefore:
A.Taking responsibility should have power
B.Power and responsibility are allocated according to certain positions
C.Distribution of administrative power should be consistent with the responsibility
D.Everyone should have power and responsibility

a
Article 9 of China's "Minor Protection Law" stipulates that: People's governments at all levels implement the management of compulsory education; both their legal rights and legal obligations, and governments at all levels can exercise their rights in the absence of lawsuits File a civil action.
From this we can infer:
A.The state effectively guarantees the right of minors to education through the system
B.People's governments at all levels are the bearers of compulsory education
C.China has achieved universal compulsory education
D.Governments at all levels have effectively fulfilled their obligations

d
Attitude refers to a person's psychologically held view of the objective things and objects they are in contact with, and is expressed in a variety of ways.
Which of the following elements that are not an attitude is:
A.Understanding.This refers to people's contact with objective things and making narratives with evaluation significance.
B.Emotion.Refers to an individual's emotional experience of objective objects, such as respect and contempt, sympathy and fuss
C.Expression.Refers to the tendency of individuals to respond to objective objects, also known as the state of readiness for behavior
D.Transformation.Refers to the individual changing the state of the objective object

b
Civil lawsuits are the sum of all kinds of litigation activities conducted by the people's court and all litigants in the process of hearing civil cases, and the various litigation relationships resulting from them.
Which of the following are not part of the civil action:
A.Lee broke up with his wife and then sued the court for a divorce and division of property
B.Zhang was detained by the public security organ for fifteen days.He believed that the public security organ had no evidence, so he appealed.
C.Zhao Zhao appealed for the 10,000 yuan debt owed to him by his neighbor
D.Grandma Wang sued in court, asking his son to pay her alimony on time

d
Public policy is a government-based public institution.To ensure that the society develops in the correct direction as determined by the political system, commitments are made, and public resources are used to achieve social public solutions through widely involved and continuous choices and ways to produce results.Issues, balance, and coordination of the process of public management activities for the purpose of public interest.
Which of the following do not meet this definition:
A.The main body of public policy formulation is a series of public institutions dominated by the government
B.The purpose of public policy is to ensure that society is moving in the right direction as determined by the political system and committed
C.Public policy is a process of public management activities
D.Public policy is the various ways and means for the government to do more with less

b
Negligent crime means that you should foresee that your behavior may cause harm to the society, because you are negligent and have not foreseen it, or you have already foreseen and believe that you can avoid such a result.
Which of the following are not crimes of negligence:
A.Someone rebelled when attacked by a gangster, picked up a stone, but unexpectedly killed the other person.
B.A and B have always had enmity.Once the two had a fight due to argument, A was injured by B.
C.A film projector helped someone to put it by the fire without knowing what was in the sack, causing the film to ignite spontaneously
D.The car driver noticed that there were several people on the sidewalk, but they avoided the passage of the car and did not slow down.Unexpectedly, one person rushed up and was killed by the car.

d
Pre-intentional intention refers to the psychological attitude of the perpetrator before committing the criminal act after the perpetrator has intentionally committed the crime.
Which of the following are not premeditated deliberately:
A.A has a relationship with his wife, strangles him while he is asleep, and then destroys the body
B.In order to compete for power, someone deliberately designed a trap to plant the crime of stealing company information on a colleague, and L9 pushed him out of the company.
C.An accountant "intentionally" forgot to lock the door so that the finance room was stolen, but he shared a lot of money
D.The young man who was released after his sentence found a young woman on the night road, and then raped him with a bad heart

c
The crime of gathering people to plunder refers to the behavior of gathering people to plunder public and private property for the purpose of illegal possession, which has a large amount or has other serious circumstances.
Which of the following are not elements of conviction:
A.The subjective purpose is to possess public and private property
B.Objective behavior manifests as crowds looting public and private property
C.Must be snatching gold or silver jewelry or bracelets
D.Must be larger

d
Local regulations refer to normative documents formulated and promulgated by local authorities to implement the provisions of the Constitution, laws, and administrative regulations, and they are valid only in the areas under their jurisdiction.The premise is that they do not violate the Constitution, laws, or administrative regulations.Regulations.
Which of the following are local regulations:
A.Lizhuang Villagers' Committee unanimously discussed and approved, and made village regulations that should not wash agricultural tools in the river
B.The county government asks the provincial government for documents on whether an international exhibition can be held
C.The Municipal People's Congress passed the regulations banning dogs, but it did not comply with the relevant regulations of the Provincial People's Congress
D.Zhuhai City People's Congress promulgated the rules for foreign currency exchange in the special economic zone, which will be implemented from the date of promulgation

c
The personal income tax payment subject refers to individuals who have a residence in China or have lived in China for one year, and the income obtained from China and abroad has no residence and no residence in China, or is dissatisfied with living in China.Individuals for one year, individuals who obtain income from China.
Which of the following is not subject to personal income tax:
A.Chinese citizen Mr.Li works at a joint venture company with a monthly salary of 4,000 yuan
B.Richardson, a foreign expert, is a professor at a university in China, with a salary of 50,000 yuan
C.US President visits China for ten days
D.Ms.Li lives in Beijing and earns 3,000 yuan per month

b
A trademark is a sign of a commodity.It is used by producers or operators of commodities such as enterprises, institutions, and individual industrial and commercial households to produce, create, work, select, or distribute goods.It is composed of words, graphics, or combinations thereof.Signs with distinctive characteristics.
Which of the following are trademarks:
A.Packaging of Yili Milk Powder
B."Mitsubishi" automobile trademark consisting of letters and graphics
C.Business slogans used by Hang Seng Computer in after-sales service
D.Industry mark

d
Due to the continuous drought and high temperature in recent days, the price of vegetables in urban areas has continued to rise, causing the concern of the general public.In order to safeguard the interests of the majority of the people and protect the stability of the market, the market price department announced the maximum price of several major vegetables.
From this we can infer:
A.A market economy is not yet perfect
B.Stable overwhelming cut
C.Performance under the planned economy
D.Price department has national pricing power

c
Violence refers to brutal acts that use force to harm human health at will, and specifically refers to the coercive force of the country.
Which of the following options fits the definition?
A.Russia sends troops to suppress reactionary militants
B.Underworld forces often create brawls that harm human health at will
C.Fascist countries have massacred the local population in the occupying country, causing numerous tragedies
D.International terror groups often physically torture hostages

d
Social work values are social workers' helping ideas, altruism, and respect for the rights and choices of recipients.It believes that social work is a real service process, not the right of social workers to exercise their power.
Which of the following are not social work values?
A.Perspectives on helping people
B.Views on yourself
C.Views on recipients
D.Perceptions of society

d
The announcement means that legal subjects publicly disclose binding or compulsory content to the public.The purpose is to let the public know, know, and act in compliance.
Which of the following options fits the definition?
A.A manufacturer has newly launched a delicious food, which is promoted at the entrances of major supermarkets and allows consumers to taste
B.A prominent person holds a press conference to announce to the public that his current position will be taken over by another person
C.A civil society makes its self-cultivation recipes public, so that everyone can also extend their lives
D.The Ministry of Health announces to the public the rules of conduct that citizens should pay attention to during this severe period

c
Non-discriminatory marketing refers to the fact that companies do not consider the characteristics of each sub-market, but only focus on the common characteristics of the market.
According to the above definition, which of the following is non-discriminatory marketing?
A.After a market research by a makeup product company, it was found that mid-to-low-end cosmetics featuring whitening were not produced, so it developed a cosmetic featuring whitening and marketed it
B.An enterprise finds that the health products produced by other companies can make high profits, so it imitates them and produces similar products
C.A multinational company, although very large, produces only one beverage and uses the same packaging and advertising in all regions of the world
D.After a market analysis, a company found that people in country A also prefer to drink instant coffee, so they sold a lot of instant coffee originally planned for domestic sale to country A.The packaging and price of coffee are exactly the same as those sold in China

d
Market segmentation means that marketers divide the overall market of a product into the Market classification process for several consumer groups (buyer groups).
By definition, which of the following is not a market segment?
A.Divide consumers into traditional, trendy, frugal, luxury and other consumer groups
B.Dividing consumers into urban consumer groups, small town consumer groups, and rural consumer groups
C.Consumers are divided into elderly male consumer groups, middle-aged male consumer groups, and young male consumer groups
D.Dividing products into clothing, shoes and hats, home appliances, cosmetics, food, etc.

c
Change means that things change or shift in time or space, change or replace, which is completely different from the previous situation.
In the following situations, which of the following is consistent with the definition?
A.Director Liu transferred, and Chen who succeeded him was completely different from his management
B.Wild geese will fly to the south for winter in winter
C.Twenty years later, Xiao Zhao went home to visit her relatives and found that the changes there were so great that she no longer knew the way
D.Xiao Shen visits Huangshan once a year, and every time he goes, he will have different findings

c
The crime of money laundering is to indicate that it is known to be a drug crime, an organized crime of a triad nature, the illegal income of smuggling crimes and the income it generates.In order to conceal and conceal its source and nature, it is deposited in financial institutions and transferred funds to make it available in the market Legalization.
By definition, what does not constitute the crime of money laundering?
A.A gives the money from the smuggled car to his brother Yimou who opened the night club, and later Yimou deposits it into the bank account in the name of the nightclub.
B.A buys a villa with the money from heroin sales and sells the villa at a low price
C.A hid the smuggling proceeds in a car and brought it abroad, then exchanged it into foreign currency
D.A hides three million yuan of corruption and bribes on a train and takes them out of the country, deposits them in a foreign bank in the name of a foreign relative, and then returns to his home country.

d
Official documents are documents in a specific format used by party and government agencies, enterprises, institutions, and social organizations in their official activities.They are used to convey and implement the party's and state's guidelines, policies, issue administrative regulations and rules, request and answer questions, guide and negotiate work., An important tool for reporting situations and exchanging experiences.
According to the definition, which of the following is documents?
A.A is the chairman of a school's student union.
B.B is a book editor who writes an essay in his spare time
C.C is the secretary of a county chief who wrote a speech on the standing committee for the county chief
D.Ding is a staff member of a county-level institution.If there is something in the work, he must report to his superior.

c
According to medical data, the incidence of global cancer in the second half of the 20th century increased by nearly 10 times compared with the first half, becoming the number one killer of human life.This shows that the economy of the second half of the 20th century, marked by high technology, was rapid.The global ecological imbalance caused by development is an important cause of cancer.
Which of the following items, if true, can weaken the above discussion, except?
A.The average life expectancy of human beings is about 30 years in the early 20th century, about 40 years in the middle of the 20th century, and currently about 65 years.The average life expectancy in developed countries with a high incidence of cancer is generally more than 70 years.
B.In the first half of the 20th century, mankind experienced two world wars, and a large number of young and middle-aged people died in the war; while in the second half of the 20th century, the world was basically in a period of peaceful development
C.High technology has greatly improved the accuracy of medical diagnosis and the coverage of this accurate medical diagnosis worldwide
D.High technology has greatly improved the ability of humans to prevent and diagnose cancer, effectively extending the life of cancer patients

a
Some skincare cosmetics with excellent results are produced by Noah.All skincare cosmetics produced by Noah are expensive, and the expensive skincare cosmetics are trusted by ladies without exception.
Which of the following items can be derived from the determination of the questions, except for?
A.Some of the skincare cosmetics trusted by ladies are not very effective in practice
B.Some effective cosmetics are trusted by ladies
C.All Noah's skincare cosmetics are trusted by ladies
D.Some expensive skin care cosmetics are effective

c
Here's an ad: As far as fistula pain is concerned, three quarters of hospitals use "Novex" analgesics for patients.Therefore, if you want to treat fistula most effectively, choose "Novex ".
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument for the ad?
A.Some brand-name analgesics can reduce other pain in addition to fistula pain
B.Many hospitals that do not normally use "Novex" also use "Novex" for those who are not used to the medicines commonly used in hospitals.
C.Many drug manufacturers sell these products to hospitals at the lowest price they are willing to offer, thereby increasing sales of their products
D.Unlike other brand-name analgesics, without a doctor's prescription, you can also buy "Novex" in pharmacies

a
Civil servant rights refer to the permits and guarantees that civil servants can perform certain actions in the process of performing their duties and performing state official duties, requiring others to do certain actions, or inhibiting certain actions.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is rights that are not civil servants?
A.Civil servants serve the people wholeheartedly
B.Civil servants receive wages, benefits, insurance benefits
C.Working conditions for civil servants to perform their duties
D.Civil servants criticize and advise on the work of the agency and its leaders

d
Product positioning refers to determining the function, quality, price, packaging, sales channels, service methods, etc.of a product (or service) in order to meet the target market.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is that is not product positioning?
A.Our products will serve school students
B.Taking into account the income status of consumers, our products will be priced at around 1,000 yuan
C.Our service will be mainly achieved through on-site repairs
D.Our service will make you enjoy beautifully

b
Grassroots mass self-government organizations are established in accordance with relevant laws and regulations with a certain place of residence for urban and rural residents (village people) as a link and scope, and are composed of members elected by residents (village people).Social organization.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is grassroots autonomous organizations?
A.Guiyang Town People's Government
B.Nanwang Village Village Committee
C.Huaidi Street Office
D.Shijiazhuang Sunshine Property Management Service Company

d
Stereotype refers to people's fixed views on a group or thing in society, formed through direct or indirect experience.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not a stereotype?
A.Businessmen are profit-seeking
B.The entertainment industry is a mess
C.Northerners are bold
D.Stillness is relative

c
Court mediation refers to the activities carried out by the parties under the auspices of the people's court to negotiate and reach an agreement on civil rights disputes on an equal basis, so as to resolve the dispute.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is court mediations?
A.A forestry authority and an agricultural authority in a certain area have conflicts due to cross-authority, and they are brought to court, and an agreement is reached under the mediation of the higher authority and the lawsuit is withdrawn.
B.The two had a dispute over a trivial matter, which caused a long lawsuit and cost a lot of money.Both of them felt that it was not worth it.
C.One of the couples proposed to divorce, and the other was undecided, and the court judges reconciled them as usual, after explaining to them the right and wrong.
D.The two sisters opened a barbershop, and later disputed over the issue of dividends, but when they were about to go to court, they finally reached an understanding.

a
The avoidance conditional effect means that when an aversive, irritating or unpleasant situation occurs, the individual makes a certain response, thereby escaping the aversive, irritating or unpleasant situation, then the probability of the reaction occurring in similar situations in the future increases.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is the following that does not belong to the avoidance condition?
A.Unwilling to get up for breakfast because of snooze
B.When you hit something hot, quickly retract your hand
C.Leaving temporarily when there is noise in the room
D.Go away after seeing the garbage on the ground

b
The appointment system refers to a system in which state organs directly determine appointment candidates and assign them to certain positions within the scope of their appointment and removal authority.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is an appointment system?
A.Hebei Province selects village officials through public examination
B.Provincial Party Committee decides to appoint Comrade Wang Yuanhua as Secretary of × County Party Committee
C.Daming took the civil service exam in Shanghai and was hired to work in the municipal party committee
D.Provincial School of Administration appoints Liu Dapeng as Director of the Personnel Division

c
Frictional unemployment is short-term, partial unemployment caused by normal labor movement or inevitable friction in production.
According to the above definition, which of the following is frictional unemployment?
A.As winter is the off-season, the tour guide Xiao Zhang was fired by the company in the name of saving money
B.Ms.Li hasn't found a new job after giving birth
C.Liu San gave up his job in Shijiazhuang and went to Beijing to develop, but he has not found a suitable job.
D.Xiao Wanggang graduated from university and has not found a job he is satisfied with

c
Zhang San: Only formal party members can raise their hands to vote.Li Si: No! Sun Feng is also a formal party member but he did not raise his hands to vote.
Li Si's answer was to misunderstand Zhang San's words as to which of the following?
A.All those who raise their hands to vote are full party members
B.Sun Feng will raise his hand to vote
C.All formal party members raised their hands to vote
D.No formal party members raised their hands to vote

a
A football coach teaches his players like this: "Football matches are always based on results.In football matches, you are either a winner or a loser; in the eyes of the fans, you are either a brave or a weak person.Winners are brave in the eyes of fans, so every loser is weak in the eyes of fans."
In order for the above football coach's argument to be valid, which of the following must be assumed?
A.In the eyes of the fans, the brave on the pitch will win
B.Fans have accurate judgment to distinguish between bravery and cowardice
C.The brave in the eyes of fans, not necessarily the true brave
D.Even on the field, winning or losing is not the only criterion that distinguishes bravery and cowardice

b
Mammals are not extinct, and South China tigers are mammals, so South China tigers are not extinct.
For this reasoning, which of the following is true?
A.This reasoning is wrong because it violates the law of the middle row
B.This reasoning is wrong because it violates the same law
C.This reasoning is correct because its premise is correct
D.Unsure whether this reasoning is correct

d
Last year's National Day sales in a shopping mall for two days was 20 million yuan.This year the mall is expected to achieve 70 million yuan in sales during the National Day is not a problem.
Which of the following best supports the above reasoning?
A.During the National Day of the previous year, the sales in the first 5 days reached 50 million yuan
B.During the National Day, shopping in the mall became the main choice for people
C.The mall not only has convenient transportation and a comfortable shopping environment, but also has high-quality products and warm and considerate services.Locals like to shop at the mall
D.During the National Day each year, the mall found that the daily sales were similar

a
Director: The new process can greatly reduce the sulfur dioxide produced in the copper smelting workshop.The main point of this new process is to replace the original open furnace with a closed furnace.However, not only is the purchase and installation of new equipment a big deal And the cost of running the new process is higher than the current process.Therefore, on the whole, the adoption of the new process will greatly increase the production cost and make our factory unprofitable.Chief Engineer: I have different opinions.In fact, the melting capacity of the latest closed furnaces is incomparable with existing open furnaces.
On which of the following questions, the chief engineer and the plant manager are most likely to disagree?
A.Does the adoption of the new process necessarily make our factory unprofitable?
B.Is the cost of running the new process necessarily higher than the current process
C.Is it true that the adoption of the new process can greatly reduce the sulfur dioxide produced in the copper smelting workshop?
D.Is the melting capacity of the latest closed furnace significantly better than the existing open furnace?

b
There are four friends, A.B, C, and D.They are musicians, scientists, astronomers, and logicians.In their teenage years, they used to make predictions about the future.At that time, A prediction said: I do not matter Cannot be a scientist.B predicts that C will be a logician in the future.C predicts that Ding will not become a musician.D predicts that B will not be an astronomer.In fact, only a logician will predict correctly.
So, which of the following is the "home" of these four friends? ?
A.B is a logician, D is an astronomer, A is a scientist, and C is a musician
B.A is a logician, B is an astronomer, C is a scientist, and D is a musician
C.C is a logician, A is an astronomer, D is a scientist, and B is a musician
D.Ding is a logician, C is an astronomer, B is a scientist, and A is a musician

b
A unit chooses to study abroad, provided that it is proficient in business and fluent in English or French.Xiao Hong was not selected.
Which of the following explanations can be derived from the above?
A.Xiao Hong is not only fluent in English, but also needs French to be more fluent than other candidates
B.If Xiao Hong is proficient in business, then she is not fluent in English and French
C.Xiaohong is proficient in business but not fluent in English
D.Xiao Hong is proficient in business, but not fluent in French

d
Xiao He is either a teacher or a civil servant."
Which of the following is the above judgment?
A.It doesn't matter whether it is true or false
B.really
C.fake
D.Either true or false

c
I am not at the crime scene.If I am, then I have not sinned.If I have sinned, then it must be that I am unconscious.
Which of the following is most similar to the above argument?
A.I only eat chicken or fish or duck.If I do n’t eat chicken, then I must eat fish or duck.If I don't eat duck, then I must eat fish
B.I never lie, if I say it, then it must be forced, if I am forced to lie, then the responsibility is not on me
C.I did n’t borrow your book.If I borrowed it, I would n’t break the book.If I broke the book, it ’s by accident
D.She completes her homework on time every day.If she does not complete her homework, then she will not sleep.If she sleeps, it must be her homework

c
Inductive reasoning refers to reasoning from special to general,
Which of the following is inductive reasoning
A.Love is a very important quality of a person, so a person without love cannot be said to be a real person
B.Every teacher must graduate from Teachers College, Liu Fan is a teacher, so he graduated from Teachers College
C.Zhang Qi is a teacher and wears a pair of glasses: Liu Le is an engineer and also wears a pair of glasses: so intellectuals wear glasses.
D.China is an ancient civilization.I am Chinese, so I pay attention to civilization and politeness.

d
The so-called memory appearance refers to the image reproduced in the human brain by things that people perceive.
The memory content designed in the following activities is not a memory appearance.
A.Tom still remembers when she ate Quanjude roast duck in China
B.Old Li often recalls his hard life in childhood
C.The beautiful piano sound echoed in her ear
D.Xiao Hong will already be proficient in reciting multiplication formulas

c
The crime of credit card fraud refers to the violation of relevant credit card management regulations, the use of forged or voided credit cards, the use of other people's credit cards, or malicious overdrafts, etc., to defraud public property, a relatively large amount
Which of the following actions are not credit card fraud
A.After receiving the Great Wall credit card, Liu always took more and saved less, and fled after overdrawing by over 100,000 yuan.
B.Wang picked up a MasterCard credit card at a hotel, and spent more than 50,000 yuan in the hotel in the name of the card owner.
C.When the neighbor was unprepared, Qin entered his home and took away the credit card, and spent more than 50,000 yuan.
D.Zhao used his work to forge many credit cards, and used these credit cards for high consumption.

b
A legal person refers to an organization that has the capacity for civil rights and capacity for civil conduct, independently enjoys civil rights in accordance with the law, and bears civil obligations.A legal person must have four conditions: it must be established in accordance with the law: it must be operated by itself: it must have a clear organization, name, and place : Must be able to independently assume civil liability.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are legal persons
A.Shaanxi Military Region
B.State Department Store
C.School of Arts, Renmin University of China
D.Provincial Higher Education Self-Examination Office

c
In the investigation of the cause of a certain production accident, 70% of people believed that it was a malfunction of the equipment: 50% thought it was an illegal operation: 25% thought that the reason was unclear and needed further investigation
Which of the following best explains the seemingly contradictory statement above?
A.125 people surveyed
B.Have their own opinions changed
C.Some investigators believe that the accident has both the cause of equipment failure and the cause of illegal operations
D.Many people with unexplained reasons actually have their own biased judgments, but are unwilling to disclose

c
The king wanted to choose the smartest and brave son-in-law for his daughter.Like all suitors, he declared that he had locked the princess and the two lions into three houses, and then wrote a sentence on the door of each of the three houses.Proposers went to open the door that they thought could be opened.The first door reads "Lion in this house" The second door says "Princess in the first room" The third door It read "Lion in this house".
Only one of these three sentences can really be judged based on this
A.Princess in the first house
B.Princess in the second house
C.Princess in the third house
D.All three houses are filled with lions

d
A.B, D, and D were personally suspected of being involved in a case.A said that the perpetrator was B.B said that the perpetrator was A.C said that the perpetrator was not me.D said that the perpetrator was among us.
If one and only four of them are telling the truth, which of the following is true
A.The perpetrator is A
B.The perpetrator was B
C.The perpetrator was C
D.Conditions in the stem are not sufficient to determine who is the perpetrator

d
Capital export: refers to capitalists, capitalist groups or governments of capitalist countries who invest or provide loans abroad in order to obtain high profits or interest.
According to the above definition, which of the following is not a capital output?
A.External loans from private banks and companies
B.Invest in factories and mines abroad
C.Purchase of securities of foreign companies
D.Issuance of stocks and bonds of domestic companies overseas

b
Non-cause management: refers to the management of other people's affairs without legal obligations.
Which of the following acts is causeless management?
A.Xiao Hong's stamps collected by her parents after she left for college
B.Han Jian is traveling and her aunt Wang helps her to repair her house
C.Wang Xin took his nephew to swim, the nephew fell into the water and called for help, and Wang Xin rescued him
D.The downstairs of a resident is blocked, and the property management office sends someone to clear it.

b
Specific objects: Specific objects in civil law refer to transferable objects that have independent characteristics or are designated by the right holder and cannot be replaced by other objects.
Which of the following options are specific?
A.Bicycles for sale in the mall
B.A famous painting by Xu Beihong at the auction
C.The new version of one hundred yuan RMB
D."Sanjiuweitai" granules placed in the counter of a pharmacy

c
Judiciary: also known as the application of the law, refers to the special activities of the national judicial organs in accordance with statutory powers and procedures to specifically apply the law to handle cases.
Which of the following options is a judicial activity? ?
A.According to reports from the masses, the Haidian District Administration for Industry and Commerce took action to investigate and deal with several audio-visual stores and seized more than a thousand pirated discs in accordance with the law on a certain evening.
B.Police of Jingxian County Public Security Bureau arrested the criminal suspect Wang and interrogated him
C.As the defendant of the first instance, Li refused to accept the trial of the Intermediate People's Court of this Municipality, appealed to the People's Court of the higher level, and the Provincial High Court conducted a second trial of the case.
D.The People's Court of Haidian District went deep into the neighborhood committees, actively carried out publicity of laws, and raised people's legal awareness

a
Negligent homicide refers to the act of negligently depriving others of their lives due to negligence or credulity.
Which of the following are typical manslaughters?
A.A nurse on duty at the hospital mistakenly injected potassium chloride as a glucose injection into a patient, causing the patient to die.
B.Li accidentally injured his friend during construction.During the hospital treatment, the friend accidentally fell to the floor and died
C.The car driver's emergency braking in order to avoid the accident, causing a person in the car to hit the wall with the head, causing a concussion to death
D.A carriage rider, who was slammed by a thunderbolt, slammed an old lady to death

d
Commodities: Refers to labor products that meet the needs of others through exchange.
According to the above definitions, are the following items a commodity?
A.Xiao Li's homemade birthday card for Xiao Zhang
B.Fruits from villagers eaten by tourists at the resort
C.Clear water rising from a mountain stream during a tour
D.Grains used by farmers to exchange meat with butchers

b
State secrets: refer to matters that are related to the security and interests of the country.They are determined in accordance with legal procedures and are known to a limited range of people within a certain period of time.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is not a state secret in the following statements?
A.Wang works in state organs, some documents are related to national security and interests
B.Due process at court
C.Li's unit stipulates that he must not contact a certain range of personnel within a certain period of time
D.Some of the business content of Zhang's unit is not allowed to be disclosed

a
Avoidance system: refers to a judicial staff member who has some kind of interest or other special relationship with a criminal case, including investigators, prosecutors, judges, clerks, appraisers, translators, etc.Litigation system.
In a case, which of the following can the following persons do not evade?
A.The classmate of the client lives next to the court
B.The brother of the party, who is responsible for the simultaneous interpretation of the court
C.The client's mother, court forensic expert
D.The client's father, deputy attorney general of the county procuratorate, and party group propaganda member

d
Although the relevant departments have special campaigns to crack down on production and sell counterfeit and shoddy products every year, the phenomenon of a few manufacturers making fake sales is still banned.
which is the result of this phenomenon?
A.Interfering with corporate quality awareness
B.Destruction of the social credit system
C.Increase market competition
D.Serious disruption of market order

d
On March 2, 010, five college students admitted to Jinan after layer-by-layer examinations paid homage to work as teachers, and these five college students were accepted among nearly 400 candidates.After nearly half a year of training and environmental adaptation, They became veritable miners.
What does this incident tell us?
A.Social practice is more important than book knowledge, and it doesn't matter if you don't go to school
B.Youth should pursue high-paying, comfortable, stable careers
C.Choosing a career to avoid competition, self-employment is the best way to find employment
D.As long as society needs, occupations that can contribute to society are glorious

a
Zhang saw that the light line in the corridor was connected to his own meter, and mistakenly thought that it was the electrician Li.He scolded at Li's house and caused a scuffle.As a result, Zhang's brother was interrupted by Li.In the first trial, Lee took 60% of the liability and compensated more than 30,000 yuan.
Tell us about this?
A.Violations must bear legal responsibility and be subject to criminal sanctions
B.Violation of the personal dignity of citizens can not be held liable
C.Citizens should protect their legitimate rights and interests in accordance with the law
D.Chinese law does not protect the rights and interests of criminals

d
By examining the beetle fossils, a research team provided the most detailed description of the temperature in the United Kingdom over the past 22,000 years to date.The research team selected existing biological fossils and set their dates.When found in the same place When individuals of several organisms found belong to the same time period, the known endurance temperature of existing beetles can be used to determine the highest summer temperature in that place during that time.
Which of the following hypotheses does the researcher's argument depend on?
A.Beetles are more resistant to warm weather than cold weather
B.Fossils of different species found in the same place belong to different periods
C.The method of determining the date of the beetle is more accurate than the method of determining the date of other organisms
D.There has been no significant change in the tolerable temperature of beetles during the past 22,000 years

d
Cohen and Arato, American philosophers, divide modern society into three: on the one hand, it separates civil society from a political society composed of parties, political organizations, and political public bodies; on the other hand, it separates civil society from one.The economic and social composition of the organization of production and distribution is different.To discuss the transformation of Chinese society, we should also choose the theoretical framework of modern society as the coordinate.
which of the following can we infer from this text?
A.China's social transformation requires the role of cooperative organizations
B.The government should consistently promote economic system reform
C.Social transformation in contemporary China means farewell to the planned society
D.China's social transformation is related to political organizations, businesses, and citizens

c
Civil society is not a political organization, but it has a certain political function.The core concept of politics is power.The so-called politics refers to the possession and use of power.
From this?
A.Civil society must operate within the scope of the law
B.Leaders of civil society also need to observe discipline
C.Civil society power is less than government power
D.The focus of power is on use, not possession

a
Economic activities are people's production, exchange, distribution, consumption, and activities that are closely related to them under the premise of certain economic relations.Economic relations are the mutual relationships formed by people in economic activities, and in various economic relations What dominates is the production relationship.
Which of the following is related to the premise in the discussion above?
A.How to deal with political and economic relations
B.Culture adapted to economic development
C.Management of various other economic activities
D.Cooperation on mutual assistance in agricultural production

c
Premier Wen Jiabao proposed at the 2010 New Year's Reception that "the people should live happier and more dignified." At the Third Session of the 11th National People's Congress, "People's Dignity" was first written into the government work report.
Does this indicate?
A.People's dignity is the foundation of economic and social development
B.The government must create favorable conditions for the all-round development of the people
C.The focus of government work is gradually shifting to the people
D.Government adheres to the people-oriented governance philosophy

b
Personal morality is composed of factors such as moral knowledge, moral emotions, moral will, and moral behavior.Moral knowledge is the primary link in which the society's moral requirements are transformed into the individual's internal morality, and it is the basis for moral formation.
therefore?
A.A personal character restraint mechanism must be established throughout society
B.To promote the construction of basic ethics in the whole society
C.To strengthen moral construction in the fields of social life and family life
D.Leading cadres must "speak about party spirit, value character, and set an example"

b
Psychological defense mechanism refers to the adaptive tendency of individuals to consciously or unconsciously relieve their anxieties in their internal psychological activities when they are faced with stressful situations of frustration or conflict, in order to restore psychological balance and stability.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not in the category of psychological defense mechanisms:
A.When students fail the exam, they say that the teacher's grades are unfair or the questions are too biased
B.Athletes experience headaches, numbness of hands and feet when they encounter difficult training beyond their ability
C.An employee is dissatisfied with his superior, and vents to his loved ones at home
D.Someone who studies hard because of his physical development defects and wins respect from others

a
Violence culture is a culture that reflects the process, consequences, and norms of violence.It belongs to the subculture category.Violence culture is the inducement of violent crime.It has a profound impact on young people who are undergoing socialization.A series of targeted measures must be adopted Measures to counteract and eliminate the negative effects of a culture of violence.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not included in the culture of violence:
A.Picking up nicknames, recommending "worst", etc.
B.Books and newspapers promoting the so-called "Wolf Road"
C.Movies and TV series with "Barbarism" as the aesthetic fashion
D.Online games with "bloody"

c
A labor dispute refers to a dispute between a worker and an employer due to the implementation of labor laws, regulations, or the performance of a labor contract or a collective contract.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts are labor disputes:
A.Due to dissatisfaction with the quality of the decoration, there is a dispute between the homeowner and the decoration worker
B.Two companies producing the same product dispute over wage differences
C.Workers' disputes with employers due to opposition to non-payment of overtime wages
D.Workers' disputes with managers over their leadership style

c
To make a correct analysis and judgment of social phenomena, even if it is regional, we must go into the real society to carry out investigations and research, and we must not think in a vacuum.We must understand the causality of things and establish related theories.There must be no reality.Data for validating the theory.
From this we can infer:
A.People who are engaged in social research and also engaged in practical work
B.Social research based on actual data must be theoretical
C.To engage in social research, you must collect information from actual work
D.Social research is not complicated, only actual data is required

a
There are five business leaders Xiao Zhang, Xiao Wang, Xiao Zhao, Xiao Ding, and Xiao Li in a unit who participated in a skills test.Their test results were as follows: Xiao Zhao did not have Xiao Li Gao, Xiao Zhang did not have Xiao Wang Gao, Xiao Ding No less than Xiao Li, and Xiao Wang is not as high as Xiao Zhao,
Excuse me, who has the highest test scores, Xiao Zhang, Xiao Wang, Xiao Zhao, Xiao Ding, and Xiao Li?
A.Xiaoding
B.Xiao Wang
C.Xiao Zhao
D.Xiao Zhang

c
Generally, the germs grow and reproduce in the greenhouse environment, and the low-temperature environment stops growing and can only sustain life.However, Yersinia is not the opposite.It is not only not afraid of low temperature and cold, but also multiplies only at about 0 degrees Celsius.Keep Yersinia optimally.
From this we can infer:
A.Yersinia cannot survive at room temperature
B.The environment for general bacteria growth is also suitable for Yersinia growth
C.Yersinia's optimal growth temperature is not suitable for general pathogens
D.Only Yersinia bacteria are present in the refrigerator at 0 degrees Celsius

b
The necessary condition refers to the judgment relationship that there is no result without a condition, and that a condition may not have a result.It is a condition that is opposite to a sufficient condition and a sufficient and necessary condition.
Which of the following is not a necessary condition relationship:
A.Only by admitting mistakes can we correct them
B.It's raining, the ground must be wet
C.Disrespect for others cannot be respected by others
D.Horses can run well only if they eat enough grass

a
Facility agriculture refers to agriculture that uses man-made facilities to improve or create environmental meteorological factors in a local area to provide good environmental conditions for plant growth for efficient production.It is a high-tech industry and one of the most dynamic industries in the world today.
Which of the following is not a facility agriculture?
A.Bashang sheep-raising industry changed from traditional sheep-raising to scientific sheep-raising.
B.Since the beginning of spring, farmers in northern counties and mountainous counties have covered corn with plastic film
C.Baoding Shunping County uses greenhouses to grow strawberries, so that people can eat fresh fruits in the cold winter
D.Relevant counties and cities in the capital of our country play the role of water conservancy infrastructure and grow vegetables to supply the Beijing market

a
Social justice refers to the gradual formation in the long-term social practice of human beings, and it is necessary to relieve the moral norms that every social citizen should follow in fulfilling social obligations or activities involving social public interests.In essence, it is a country, a nation or a group In the long history, the Taoist principles, cultural concepts and ideological traditions accumulated in social practice activities.
Which of the following are not part of social morality:
A.Xiao Liu is recognized by the unit as a good comrade, but he just likes to wear new lake clothing
B.Xiao Zhang is introverted and unspeakable, and is a law-abiding guy
C.Everyone praises Xiao Li as a hardworking person, he always sweeps the road in front of the door
D.Although Xiao Wang doesn't go all the way, he can always reach out and help when others have an emergency.

a
Land consolidation refers to the behavior of improving the quality of arable land, increasing the effective cultivation of land, and improving the ecological conditions of agriculture and the ecological environment by adopting various measures to comprehensively improve the land, water, roads, forests, and villages.
Which of the following are not classified as land consolidation:
A.Harden and green the sidewalks of villages and towns
B.Level the land, improve the soil, and build a forest network
C.Adjust the structure of agricultural land and merge scattered land
D.The merger of rural settlements, township industrial fields

d
Commodity difference refers to the price difference between the same product due to different circulation links, purchase and sales regions, purchase and sales seasons, and different quality.
Which of the following are commodity spreads:
A.Two dollars a pound for the green onions in winter and one pound a penny for the green onions in summer
B.In the same building, the price of the rough room and the refined decoration room is very different.
C.The price of a box of the same medicine produced by two pharmaceutical companies is a difference of 3 yuan
D.Because Jiadi Pear is more expensive than Jiadi

c
An enterprise legal person refers to a social and economic organization that has legal requirements such as the amount of funds, the name of the company, the articles of association, the organizational structure, and the residence in compliance with national laws, can independently bear civil liability, and has been approved by the competent authority to register and acquire the status of a legal person.
Which of the following are corporate legal persons:
A.A chicken factory built by the villager Liu Laogen on his own
B.Mr.Wang and his wife contracted clothing sales stalls in the mall
C.State-run agricultural machinery factory on the verge of bankruptcy in Shuangyashan
D.South Korea's Samsung Liaison Office in China

b
Ecosystem refers to a unified whole composed of biological communities and inorganic environments.The scope of an ecosystem can be large or small, intertwined, and the largest ecosystem is the biosphere.The ecosystem is an open system.In order to maintain its stability, the ecosystem needs to be continuously Enter energy, otherwise, there is danger of collapse.
Among the following, what constitutes an ecosystem:
A.Species, plants and animals in the primary-secondary forest
B.Sunlight, soil, various plants and animals in farmland
C.Grazing herds, tour teams and tourists in grassland pastures
D.Microbes, algae, small fish and shrimp in the pond

d
Open government affairs mean that the government's work is made public.It categorizes and publishes various tasks planned or being prepared by the government, and publicizes the contents and processes of any work.Any citizen can query and supervise through specific channels.
Which of the following are not public affairs:
The A.D department establishes a public government service information database on the portal site and conducts an online consultation
B.L County adopts a public system for personnel examination, annual assessment, commendation, and awards, etc.
C.X Village displays the project contracting situation and the village cash receipt and payment form through the government affairs open column
D.K uses radio, TV and other news media to accurately and timely release spring plowing and spring broadcast information

a
Since last year, real estate prices in many major cities across the country have increased in varying degrees, and some cities have even reached new highs recently.This is a rise in real estate prices since the country introduced a series of regulatory measures last year.Whether the economy is overheating has been debated.Against this background, some people believe that the macro-control measures introduced by the state last year did not achieve the expected results.
Which of the following best refutes the above conclusions?
A.If the state does not introduce a series of macro-control measures, real estate prices may rise even higher
B.The impact of national regulatory measures on housing prices requires a process and cannot be immediate
C.According to recent surveys, the supply of real estate has declined in the first half of this year.
D.The price of real estate is mainly affected by the relationship between market supply and demand, and it is impossible for the state to issue a prescribed price

c
"Diligent plus opportunities and talents" is the successful experience of many successful people.Hard work is a prerequisite for success, but between using opportunities and improving talents, should we cultivate talents first or grasp opportunities first?
Which of the following is a hypothetical premise for the questioner?
A.Talent and opportunity are mutually reinforcing
B.Hard work is not a requirement for success
C.Opportunities and talents are difficult to obtain at the same time
D.Opportunity and talent are causal

d
For decades, people have invented a variety of drugs to poison mice, but people have found that the method of placing rat drugs in places where rats often go in and out is becoming less effective, whether people add drugs to rats.When it comes to how delicious food, mice will ignore these "delicious" sent.According to this phenomenon, the possible explanation is: mice have extremely sensitive smells, they can distinguish from any complex smell harmful to them Substance.
Which of the following most strongly suggests that the last explanation above is wrong?
A.Rats rarely go to places where rat pills have been placed
B.Rats can tell if food is poisonous by eating before eating
C.Scientists have shown that mice have developed resistance through a series of tests
D.Place any food in the place where the drug was previously placed and the mouse will not eat it

a
The diversity of the international community is conducive to complementing each other's strengths.Regardless of whether the social systems are the same or different, they can and should learn from each other.The advantages of a civilization do not require coercion, and others will learn; conversely, coercion, others will not In terms of learning, nations should also actively seek the convergence of interests and cooperate to solve common problems facing humankind.These areas of cooperation are very broad, such as sustainable development, pollution control, and anti-drug and terrorist activities.
From this we can infer:
A.Common problems in countries with different social systems
B.Differences in civilization between nations are shrinking
C.Diversity of the international community facilitates terrorist activities
D.One country can never learn the weaknesses of another country

b
All the water lilies are opened at night, this lotus is opened during the day, so this lotus is not a water lily.
The formal structure of the above reasoning is very similar to:
A.All professional sprinters wear spiked shoes.Xiao Li is not a professional athlete, so Xiao Li does not wear spiked shoes.
B.All goats have beards, this sheep has no beard, so this sheep is not a goat
C.All bailiffs are working, and Xiao Wang works in court, so Xiao Wang is a bailiff
D.All taxpayers have deposits, this girl has deposits, so this girl is a taxpayer

b
In order for a team to be ranked among the world's strong teams, at least two key issues must be solved.One is to improve the basic skills of the team members.The other is to pay attention to scientific training.These two points are not practically solved, even if the spirit of hard work in the face of battle is even better.It is also impossible to achieve breakthrough results.
Which of the following inferences does not express the above argument?
A.Unless you improve the basic skills and scientific training of your team members, you cannot achieve breakthrough results
B.As long as the basic skills and scientific training of the team members are improved, breakthrough results will be achieved.
C.If breakthrough results are achieved, it means that the basic skills of the team members have been improved and scientific training has been emphasized
D.If the basic skills of the players cannot be improved, even if they pay attention to scientific training, they will not achieve breakthrough results.

d
Xiaogao went to the supermarket to buy fruit.The salesman asked him what fruit he wanted to buy.Xiaogao said, "I don't hate apples as much as Liji, I hate grapes as much as I hate pears.I don't like apples as much as citrus.Like Litchi so much."
Xiao Gao's last choice will be:
A.Lychee
B.Grapes
C.Apple
D.Citrus

d
Scientific research must also follow professional ethics.If scientific researchers conduct scientific research that is contrary to conscience and harms society for their own benefit, they will be condemned by the public opinion and punished by law.However, there are still some behaviors, such as plagiarizing the achievements of others, but also Should be condemned and regulated.The conscience of scientific researchers is important to prevent such incidents.
From this we can infer:
A.Use of legal system to regulate scientific research
B.Researchers should follow higher standards
C.Heavy penalties for those who plagiarize others' achievements
D.Need to continuously improve the professional quality of scientific researchers

d
Fields use external references as the basis for information processing, and it is difficult to get rid of the influence of environmental factors.Their attitudes and self-perception are more susceptible to the influence and interference of people around them, especially authoritative people.content.
According to the above definition, which of the following is field dependencies?
A.Ability to learn independently
B.Have your own opinion on the evaluation of others
C.Doing things is governed by intrinsic motivation
D.Doing things is governed by external motivation

c
Flowing work means that the workers act on the labor object in order according to the operating process, and complete a certain amount of work at a certain stage in the production process, so that production is carried out continuously without interruption.
According to the above definition, which of the following is items that do not belong to the flow operation?
A.A highway engineering headquarters contracted 10 bidding sections to 10 construction units at the same time.
B.After a construction team completes one construction object, go to complete another construction object
C.A construction team worked on the 10th floor for a week.After completing the task, the third day moved to the 11th floor to do the same work.
D.A construction unit starts construction for all construction objects at the same time and then ends at the same time

a
Continuing education refers to non-academic education for professional and technical personnel for the purpose of updating, supplementing, broadening professional knowledge and training, and improving business capabilities.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following for continuing education?
A.Educational authorities train summer socialist market economy theory teachers every summer
B.Many college-level teachers have obtained undergraduate diplomas through correspondence education or self-study exams
C.A university requires teachers who have obtained the title of the lecturer to enter a higher degree
D.Labor Bureau provides various forms of vocational training for laid-off workers

c
The threshold effect is also called the inch effect.It means that once a person accepts a trivial request from others, in order to avoid cognitive inconsistencies or want to give others a consistent impression, they may accept larger requirements.This phenomenon is like step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step stepping on the threshold, which makes it easier and smoother to climb high places.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is items that do not meet the threshold effect?
A.A survey shows that the proportion of residents in a city willing to donate to out-of-school children in poor areas is 30%.If people are asked to sign the initiative to help out-of-school children in poor areas, and then ask them to donate, the number of people willing to donate increases by 25%
B.For students with learning difficulties, Mr.Li always puts forward some small requirements that are slightly better than in the past.After the students meet this requirement, they then gradually ask for higher requirements by encouraging them to make it easier for students to accept and Strive to reach the goal
C.An enterprise successfully developed a whitening toothpaste that removes smoke stains.It has been well received by the market for its good effect of removing smoke stains.The company launched hot white irons and launched several white kinds of toothpaste with different tastes, although it was only the former one.The product was slightly improved, but it still became a bestseller
D.A little monk learns martial arts with the master, but the master does not teach him anything, and only gives him a group of piglets for him to stock.There is a small river in front of the temple, and every morning the little monk will hold a pig to skip River, hug back in the evening, the piglet grows up day by day, and the arm strength of the little monk is constantly increasing, and he has unknowingly trained excellent arm strength and light power

d
Rumor transmission refers to the informal channel transmission of incorrect facts, which is a deliberate rendering of facts, exaggeration, distortion, or simply out of nothing.
According to the above definition, which of the following is rumors?
A.A TV station received a letter from the masses reflecting the brutal demolition of the local area, and then sent two reporters to the scene to produce news on the TV station.
B.Qin, the Pengshui County Education Committee of Chongqing City, burst into poetry, set a few sensational social events in the county as a background, and wrote a word of `` Qinyuanchun Pengshui '' and sent it to a few friends using mobile phone text messages.
C.The parties to a case disclosed the case on a website because they were dissatisfied with the local court's decision
D.On Baidu Post Bar, a netizen posted a post "It is said that the earthquake was artificial and related to the United States"

b
Phobia is an irrational, inappropriate sense of fear about an object or an environment.Once faced with such an object or environment, although there is no danger at the time, the person with a phobia will have an extreme sense of fear.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is phobias?
A.After watching the horror movie "Midnight Killer", Xiao Li always has horror scenes in the movie, and he can't sleep well for several days.
B.The 21-year-old pony had a dispute with his brother when he was a child.His father picked up a sharpened bamboo piece and smashed it at her.Although he didn't hit it, he is still scared of remembering that sharp bamboo piece.The items will be very nervous, sweat cold, and tremble all over
C.Xiao Sun just got the driver's license and drove Xiao Ming home.Xiao Ming had to get off the car halfway through because she was worried about Xiao Sun's driving skills.She has been under the stress of being afraid of a car accident since she got in the car.
D.Ms.Chen walked in the community after dinner, and suddenly a cat emerged from the grass, scaring her to scream and run home

d
Intentional attribution bias refers to the fact that in situations where the situation is unknown, aggressive people often predict that others are hostile to themselves, and always interpret the behavior of others as intentional and hostile.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is hostile attribution biases?
A.Manager D has always disagreed with the bonus distribution plan proposed by manager Gao at the end of the year.Manager Ga communicated with it many times with little effect.Manager Li believes that manager D is too protecting the interests of his department.
B.Director Zhang saw that Xiao Liu got a low vote in the democratic evaluation, and he thought that his mass foundation was poor, and she dismissed the idea of promoting her.
C.Kong ’s student Xiao Qiang has always been mediocre, but has won the first place in the English competition.Teacher Kong feels that Xiao Qiang has cheated in the competition.
D.Xiao Zhao was defeated in the campaign for the community director.When Lao Li persuaded him to participate in the election of the community secretary, he felt that Lao Li had deliberately come to ridicule her.

b
Examination reliability refers to the objectivity of the test and the degree to which an exam reflects the true level of the candidate.
According to the above definitions, which of the following items have a smaller impact on test reliability?
A.Mr.Li bet two math problems in the middle school entrance examination.
B.90% of the girls did not answer the question "Who is the World Footballer 2013"?
C.One week before the test, the political economy teacher assigned the test scope to his students
D.In the same composition, Mr.Wang gave 50 points, but Mr.Li gave only 40 points

a
The law of watches means that when a person has a watch, it is possible to know what time it is, and when he has two at the same time, he cannot be sure.Two watches cannot tell a person a more accurate time, but will make the watch Man loses confidence inaccurate time.
According to the above definition, which of the following is laws that are not watches?
A.Enterprises advocate employees to cultivate a variety of cultural and hobbies
B.Enterprises adopt many different management methods at the same time
C.Promoting multiple values in corporate culture
D.A subordinate accepts the command and authorization of two supervisors at the same time

b
The trained golden eagles can chase wild wolves on the prairie.A research team placed a radio transmitter on a golden eagle to track the golden eagles in order to study the flight direction of the golden eagles and determine the range of the wild wolves.Food, its range of activity is usually wide, so the flight range of the golden eagle chasing wild wolves is usually large.However, the signals transmitted by the radio transmitter continuously for two weeks show that the golden eagle is only within 3 kilometers of the flying area.flight.
Which of the following, if true, best explains the behavior of the Golden Eagle?
A.The placement of the radio transmitter impaired the flying ability of the Golden Eagle
B.A golden grassy pasture within 2 kilometers of the flying enclave, and the sheep are the targets of the wild wolf attack.
C.Due to the hunting of the trained golden eagles, the wild wolves that have released their vast grasslands are almost extinct
D.The mountains surrounding the golden sculpture enclave are extremely dangerous and cannot fly farther

a
The decoration of the house may cause leukemia.According to the preliminary statistics of the hospital's hematology department for more than a year, the children who came to the hospital to see the leukemia showed a common feature.Most of them had luxuriously decorated the house at home within six months before the onset of illness.Materials include landscaping paint, marble flooring, and other luxurious building materials.Leukemia children account for 90% of the total number of children with leukemia.
Which of the following, if true, would best strengthen the above conclusion?
A.A higher proportion of children among leukemia patients
B.Children with leukemia who come to the hospital to see the economic status of their families
C.In addition to the pollution of the decoration to the environment, the virus is also the main cause of leukemia
D.The age of the child who came to the hospital to see the leukemia, the parents' work, weight, height are basically the same

b
Teacher Chen wrote the name of one of the four students A.B, C, and D with a pen in his hand.Then he clenched his hands and let the four people with A.B, and C guess the name of the person he wrote.A said, "It is C "B said," Not my name."C said," Not my name."D said," It is A."Teacher Chen said," Only one of you four guessed right."
Which classmate did Mr.Chen write?
A.Classmate A
B.Classmate B
C.Class C
D.Ding

c
The higher the altitude, the smaller the atmospheric pressure.Because the altitude of Lanzhou is higher than Tianjin, the atmospheric pressure of Lanzhou is lower than that of Tianjin.
Which of the following reasoning most closely resembles the problem?
A.In a fiercely competitive market, the better the product quality and the more advertising investment, the greater the product sales.Company A invests more advertising costs than company B, so company A's product sales are greater than company B's.
B.The older a person is, the more mature he becomes.Lao Zhang is older than his son, so Lao Zhang is more mature than his son
C.The longer the age of a tree, the more its rings.The locust tree in Lao Zhang's yard is older than the locust tree of the old Li family.Therefore, the locust tree of the old Zhang family is elder than the old Li family.many.
D.The larger the vocabulary of a language, the harder it is to learn.English is more difficult to learn than Italian, so English has a larger vocabulary than Italian

c
Researchers in China have conducted clinical and multiple tests on animals and found that the traditional Chinese medicine Dogwood has anti-transplant immune rejection and treatment of autoimmune diseases.The results of the paper.Somewhat unfortunately, it took 6 weeks from the time the magazine received the paper to its publication.If this paper can be published as early as possible, many of these patients will avoid the disease within 6 weeks.
Which of the following would weaken the above argument most?
A.Oral dogwood may cause digestive discomfort
B.The above medical journals were not sent to relevant experts for review before publishing this paper
C.Only when dogwood is administered orally for more than 2 months can it exert immunosuppressive effects
D.Dogwood has anti-transplant immune rejection and treatment of autoimmune diseases needs further confirmation

d
Crowded living conditions lead to a significant decline in the health of citizens, which is a major problem facing City A.Because the areas and populations of City A and City B are the same, the above-mentioned problems that City A will face must occur in City B.
Which of the following best refutes the above conclusions?
A.Failure to accurately distinguish between the two concepts of population size and population density
B.Failure to accurately distinguish between the concepts of area and population of a city
C.Crowded living conditions are the only cause of the decline in citizens' health
D.Ignoring that the same population density can have different living conditions

c
The guests walked into the meeting room and found a strange phenomenon: the wall was affixed with a "No Smoking" sign while the ashtray was on the table.
Which of the following are most in line with the owner's psychology?
A.The host is supportive of smoking bans.The ashtray is placed only to test the guests
B.The owner's thinking is chaotic, and he makes contradictory things
C.The host is neither against nor in favor of smoking bans
D.The host actually allows guests to smoke

c
Although the rule of law in the West does not exclude morality, it undoubtedly ignores morality intentionally or unintentionally while preaching the supremacy of law.The widespread emotional crisis and moral loss in western society is proof; the traditional rule of virtue is to advocate the rule of virtue and punishment.The vassal of virtue devalues the role of law and is incompatible with the development of the times.Therefore, both of them must be discarded and transformed, their respective reasonable cores must be extracted, structural reorganization must be carried out, and a new rule of virtue and law must be established.Dual system.
Which of the following is most likely the premise of the above discussion?
A.Ethics and law coordinate the relationship between people
B.The role of law in coordinating interpersonal relationships has become smaller and smaller
C.Morality and law differ in terms of the objects, content, and means of coordination
D.The combination of ruling the country with morality and administering the country according to the law is necessary to stabilize society

c
Social integration refers to a process of social action in which individuals or groups in a relatively disadvantaged position actively engage in reflective and continuous interaction with individuals and groups in a particular community.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not social integration:
A.Yu Xiuhua overcomes the physical inconvenience caused by cerebral palsy, ignores the discrimination of the villagers, and finally succeeds in poetry creation
B.Xiao Wang suffered discrimination after he was released from prison, and eventually changed his views with kindness and perseverance and gained people's respect.
C.After Liu Liu resigned from the bank, he opened an investment company, using his accumulated resources, the company developed rapidly
D.Mr.Xu is a university dream.At the age of 65, he ignored the opinions of others, prepared for the college entrance examination, and finally entered a university.

b
A report about the possible health effects of watermelon containing bulking agents has minimal impact on consumers, and few consumers intend to change their habits of buying a watermelon.However, in July, one month after the report, a large The supermarket chain's watermelon sales have still dropped significantly.
Which of the following, if true, best explains the above phenomenon?
A.Such reports often appear, and by July consumers have become indifferent to such reports.
B.After mid-July, the large supermarket chain took the initiative to stop selling watermelons in order to show its responsibility to consumers
C.Food experts believe that watermelon contains only a small amount of bulking agents, which will not cause harm to health
D.There are a wide variety of fruits listed in July, and consumers buy other fruits to replace watermelon

d
There is a large area of wetlands with abundant natural gas in England.Environmentalists have been opposed to the exploitation of natural gas in wetlands.They believe that the exploitation of natural gas will destroy the ecological balance of English wetlands and its direct serious consequence is to pollute water sources.However, this worry is untenable According to relevant statistics in the past 50 years, there have been no reports of water pollution caused by the exploitation of natural gas.
Which of the following, if true, would best strengthen the above argument?
A.Natural gas has been extracted from wetlands in England for more than 100 years, and it has never caused water pollution.
B.England has sufficient capacity to control any pollution caused by the extraction of natural gas
C.In England, there is no substantial difference between natural gas wetlands and unexploited wetlands
D.In England, there is no substantial difference between the wetlands where natural gas is mined and before

c
Huangshan, Anhui is one of the main tea producing areas in China, and there are many types of famous teas.When traveling in Huangshan, tour guides will always stop at several tea gardens and advise everyone to visit them, and it doesn't matter if you buy them, just go and see.For this reason, some tourists often have grievances, but this phenomenon persists and even worsens.
Which of the following is most unlikely to be the cause of this phenomenon?
A.Tourists shop at the tea plantation and the tour guide gets a commission
B.Although some tourists are not willing, many tourists are willing, and their happy shopping is the best proof
C.Tourists to Huangshan are economically affluent.They just want to save time and enter the tea plantation to purchase in bulk.
D.One of the tasks of some tourists going out is shopping.If you return empty-handed, you will feel unhappy.

a
At the same income level, rural households have greater purchasing power than urban or suburban households, because part of the income used for food or living in urban or suburban households can be used by rural households for other consumption.
Based on the above discussion, which of the following conclusions can best be derived?
A.Rural households spend less on food and living than urban or suburban households
B.Suburban households have higher purchasing power than urban households
C.Generally speaking, there are more rural households than urban households
D.All three types of households spend more on food than they spend on living

a
The government should prohibit liquor companies from deducting advertising expenses from their operating income.In this case, liquor companies will pay more taxes, and they will have to raise the price of liquor, and the increase in price can curb the consumption of liquor and reduce the risk of excessive alcohol consumption.Incidence of various diseases.
Which of the following is most likely a hypothetical premise for the above discussion?
A.Liquor companies are unlikely to offset overpaid taxes by reducing costs in other areas
B.If liquor companies need to pay high taxes, they will not continue advertising
C.Liquor sales will be greatly affected if liquor companies do not advertise
D.The increased taxes of liquor companies can be passed on to consumers by raising prices

d
If the electricity runs out, the electric bike will not be able to move forward.My electric bike cannot continue to move, so the electricity must be used up.
Which of the following reasoning is most similar to the problem?
A.If Yao Ming plays, the Chinese team will definitely win.The Chinese team loses, so Yao Ming must not play
B.I can accept all the conditions unless it is obviously unfair.I cannot accept this condition, so it is obviously unfair.
C.If Xiaoli studies hard, the exam results will be very good.Xiaoli exam results are not good, so Xiaoli did not study hard
D.If Xiaomei has been to Hong Kong, she will definitely buy high-end cosmetics.Xiaomei has bought high-end cosmetics, so Xiaomei has been to Hong Kong

b
In a tea house, a table of people is drinking tea and talking about business.One of them is Baoding, two are northerners, one in Shenzhen, two are only engaged in the timber business, and four are engaged in the electronics business.
If the above description refers to all the people at the table, then how few and most people at this table might be?
A.The minimum maybe 6 people, and the maximum maybe 10 people
B.May be at least 6 people, and maybe up to 9 people
C.It can be at least 4 people, and it can be up to 9 people
D.Unsure

a
China's available geothermal energy reserves exceed the total energy reserves of all domestic fossil fuels.In some areas, the technology for converting geothermal energy into electricity has become a reality.The possible energy shortage problem in China in the next century will be completely solved by this.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the author's view?
A.At some point in the next century, the depletion of geothermal heat will force China to rely more on imported energy
B.Any method of producing electricity consumes some energy in the process of producing electricity
C.Long-distance transportation of electricity from geothermal transformation to densely populated and economically developed areas is impractical
D.Some scientists firmly believe that energy shortages can be addressed by improving energy efficiency and encouraging energy conservation

a
All general managers who really care about employee welfare have proven to be superb general managers in management art; while general managers who really care about employee welfare first focus on solving the housing of young and middle-aged employees.Therefore, those who do not The general managers who focus on the housing of young and middle-aged employees are not general managers with superb management skills.
In order for the above argument to be true, which of the following must be true?
A.All superb general managers of management arts are general managers who care about employee welfare
B.The housing problem of young and middle-aged employees is the most prominent issue in employee welfare.
C.The proportion of young and middle-aged employees has exceeded 90%
D.All the general managers who first focus on the housing of young and middle-aged employees are general managers with superb management skills

c
There are four cups on the kitchen table, each with a sentence written on it: the first cup says "All cups are honey water"; the second cup says "This cup is light Saltwater "; the third cup says" this cup is not sugar water "; the fourth cup says" some cups have no honey water ".
If only one sentence written on these four cups is true, which of the following must be true?
A.The first cup is honey water
B.Brine in the second cup
C.The third cup is sugar water
D.The fourth cup is not honey water

d
Contrast effect means that when evaluating a person or an event, it is affected by other people or events that you have recently come into contact with, leading to deviations in the evaluation of that person or event and making an objective assessment.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are contrast effects:
A.Influenced by his father, Xiao Pan also believes that the family should be "male outside, female inside"
B.Xiao Zhang and Xiao Li serve as section chiefs at the same time, Xiao Zhang believes that he depends on ability, and Xiao Li depends on interpersonal relationships
C.When buying cosmetics, Xiaoli generally thinks that the brand's cosmetics are inferior because of the image of a salesperson, and she abandons the purchase.
D.During the speech contest, Xiao Wang and Xiao Wu played successively.If Xiao Wang performed well, the referee will give Xiao Wu a low score.

b
Cyber violence is a serious form of violence that affects bad people.It is the act of posting harmful, insulting, and inflammatory words, pictures, and videos on the Internet.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as cyber violence:
A.A film and television website posts a lot of videos full of violence and bloody scenes
B.Xiao Liu nicknamed the pony classmate, "Bamboo Pole", and used the name "Pole Pole" in the class WeChat group.
C.Xiao Wang pursued a girl who was rejected, and then used the girl's avatar P nude picture to post it on the WeChat circle of friends, which was forwarded by her classmates
D.Xiao Ke's video of a spat with hotel waiters due to littering was posted to the Internet.Netizens conducted a "human flesh search" on Xiao Ke, and posted his personal privacy on the Internet.

a
The transfer of the right to use the asset refers to the behavior of the owner of the asset temporarily transferring the right to use the asset to others in order to obtain relevant benefits, but does not transfer the ownership of the asset.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not transferable asset use rights:
A.A domestic company contracted the cleaning of an office building for 30 yuan per square meter per month
B.A city commercial bank issues a loan of 200 million yuan to a company at an annual interest rate of 6.8%
C.A university rents an idle office building to a vocational training school for 500,000 yuan per year
D.An enterprise is responsible for the construction of a smart city in a city by using an independently developed operating system at a price of 50 million per year.

d
The lipstick effect means that consumers are more willing to buy relatively inexpensive non-essentials during the economic crisis.When the economy is in a downturn, the sales of lipstick will rise linearly.Lipstick, as a "cheap non-essential thing", can play a certain "consolation" effect on consumers.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are consistent with the lipstick effect:
A.Zhang San now has a high income, but he lives a simple life, but he still likes to buy clothes around 100 yuan
B.Li Si has almost no income in the past six months, but he used his parents' savings to buy a 350,000 yuan sedan
C.Wang Wu's mortgage pressure is very high, and the price of meals in the canteen is high.He often eats 10 yuan of box lunches at the roadside stalls.
D.Zhao Liu's recent poor performance and low income.To relieve the pressure, he drank 50 yuan a bottle of white wine and half a catty every Saturday night.

c
"The law of fish tanks" means that you need the freedom to grow.To make people grow faster, you must give him freedom of movement, instead of holding him in a small fish tank.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are in line with the "fish tank rule":
A.In order to attract outstanding talents, Hebei Province has continued to implement the "Talented Talents" plan
B.Xiao Deng, a major in international trade, often attends Chinese language and literature courses to expand his knowledge.
C.The organization department of a municipal party committee selects a group of outstanding post-85 young cadres as executive deputy county heads, letting them carry the burden
D.Xiao Ou could have stayed in Shanghai, but his parents used the name of Accompanying to allow Xiao Ou to return to work in the county seat.

c
The theory of animal rights holds that animals and humans have equal rights, and that they have the same psychological characteristics-needs, memory, intelligence, etc.Therefore, all animals have equal rights to humans.Deprived.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are in line with animal rights theory:
A.Lao Xia often buys chicken gizzards to feed stray cats in the community
B.Aunt Li never feeds leftovers to her pigs in captivity
C.Lao Zhou considers it inhumane to keep chickens in large cages
D.Lao Zhao believes that the cattle should be electrocuted instantly with high voltage electricity before killing the cattle to reduce the pain of the cattle

c
Normally distributed demand curve.The protruding part in the middle is the "head".The relatively flat part on both sides is called the "tail".Most of the demand is concentrated in the "head" part.The distribution in the "tail" is personalized and small.The long-tail effect means that all the markets distributed in the "tail" will add up to a market larger than the "head" market, emphasizing "personalization" and "small profit large market", that is, only Make very little money for everyone, but make a lot of money for everyone.
The root refers to the above definition.Which of the following are the long tail effects:
A.Many people do n’t choose gifts.Xiao Ren has established a website for choosing gifts.According to the requirements of different customers, he chooses corresponding gifts and charges a service fee of 5 yuan per month.After half a year, the monthly income exceeds 100,000 yuan.
B.The trend of young people's online shopping is intensifying.Lao Zhao's clothing store business is gradually declining, and he switched to operating fresh products supermarkets.After half a year, the monthly profit exceeds the original clothing store.
C.Xiaogao opened an online store in 2010, mainly selling sports shoes.In 2017, he began to help friends sell cheap and local souvenirs in mountainous areas.In 2018, the sales of souvenirs exceeded that of sports shoes.
D.Xiao Di runs an art training school with sufficient students.At the request of the majority of parents six months ago, children's English training was added.At present, the income of English training exceeds that of art.

b
Role tension refers to the conflict caused by someone's acceptance of different requirements from the outside world, which causes them to suffer huge psychological pressure.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are character-stressed:
A.Xiaofang, a fifth-grade student, has a poor final exam score.Her parents accuse each other of failing to do their due diligence and being too noisy.After calming down the next day, Xiaofang's parents feel that the child's grades are not good, and the responsibility lies mainly on herself
B.Researcher Cui of a research institute has obtained a patent for a core automotive technology.A well-known auto manufacturer wants to hire it at a high salary, and the leader of the research institute promised to build a national key laboratory for him, plunging him into a deep struggle.
C.Lao Yan is very old and has a lot of respect for the child.As a result, when the child grows up, he is arrogant and unsuccessful.This makes Lao Yan regretful.
D.Lao Liang learned that the supervisory authority was investigating his own mistakes.When the supervisory authority surrendered himself and took the initiative to account for the mistakes, he felt that the stone pressed on his chest had finally disappeared.

d
Health communication is a behavior that translates the results of medical research into the public's health knowledge, and reduces the morbidity and mortality through changes in people's attitudes and behaviors, and effectively improves the quality of life and health of a community or country.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not health transmission:
A.A high school lecture on preventing spring infectious diseases
B.Children's hand, foot, and mouth disease prevention and promotion in a community
C.A provincial television broadcasts advertisements for cataract prevention drugs
D.A hospital holds a conference on the treatment of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases

c
The crime of gathering people to plunder refers to the behavior of gathering people to plunder public and private property for the purpose of illegal possession, which has a large amount or has other serious circumstances.
Which of the following are not elements of conviction:
A.The subjective purpose is to possess public and private property
B.Objective behavior manifests as crowds looting public and private property
C.Must be snatching gold or silver jewelry or jewellery
D.Must be larger

c
Wage audit refers to the inspection and audit of the labor and wage policies and wage payment of enterprises, institutions, and state agencies according to the requirements of wage accounting and management by the national auditing agency or the agency entrusted by it.
Which of the following are not part of the salary audit:
A.The Audit Bureau sends personnel to a company to correctly calculate employee wages, allowances, and bonuses based on the principle of distribution according to work
B.The audit institute supervises and checks whether the enterprise is correct, allocates wages reasonably, and whether wages are included in product costs, special funds or other items in accordance with relevant policies.
C.General manager's wife asks husband's gray income
D.The Audit Bureau revealed false reports and frauds in the payment of wages in a factory, evading taxes, squandering costs, and other violations of the law and discipline

b
A joint stock limited company is a company consisting of more than a certain number of shareholders, whose entire capital is divided into equal shares, and shareholders only bear limited liability to the company for the amount of capital they recognize as shares, and the company is only responsible for the company's debts with all its assets .
Which of the following cases belong to a company limited by shares:
A.Company A and Company B had a field of unattended care, and the two companies negotiated for one year each.
B.Company A was reorganized, and the entire capital was divided into 50,000 shares, which were subscribed by employees and renamed to "x limited liability company"
C.Restructuring of a research institute under the former Ministry of Electronics to establish a state-controlled research and development center
D.Xiao Zhang, Xiao Wang and others in the village built a village elementary school

d
Attitude is the psychologically held view of the objective things and objects it contacts, and it is expressed in a variety of different ways.
Which of the following elements that are not an attitude is:
A.Understanding.This refers to people's contact with objective things and making narratives with evaluation significance.
B.Emotion.Refers to an individual's emotional experience of objective objects, such as respect and contempt, sympathy and fuss
C.Expression.Refers to the tendency of individuals to respond to objective objects, also known as the state of readiness for behavior
D.Transformation.Refers to the individual changing the state of the objective object

d
The crime of negligence refers to the fact that you should foresee the possible consequences of harm to society due to your negligence, or you have foreseen and believed that you can avoid such consequences.
Which of the following are not crimes of negligence:
A.Someone rebelled when attacked by a gangster, picked up a stone, but unexpectedly killed the other person.
B.A and B have always had enmity.Once the two had a fight due to argument, A was injured by B.
C.A film projector helped someone to put it by the fire without knowing what was in the sack, causing the film to ignite spontaneously
D.The car driver noticed that there were several people on the sidewalk, but all of them walked away from the passage of the car and did not slow down.Unexpectedly, one person rushed into the lane and was killed by the car.

d
Premeditated intentional refers to the psychological attitude of the actor to commit the crime after a period of preparation after the perpetrator has intentionally committed the crime.
Which of the following are not premeditated deliberately:
A.A has a relationship with his wife, strangles him while he is asleep, and then destroys the body
B.In order to compete for power, someone deliberately designed a trap to plant the crime of stealing company information on a colleague and exclude him from the company.
C.An accountant "intentionally" forgot to lock the door so that the finance room was stolen, but he shared a lot of money
D.The young man who was released after his sentence found a young woman on the night road, and then raped him with a bad heart

b
The diversity of the international community is conducive to complementing each other's strengths.No matter whether the social systems are the same or different, they can and should learn from each other.The advantages of a civilization do not require coercion, and others will learn; on the other hand, if they are coerced, others will not want to Countries should also actively seek the convergence of interests and cooperate to solve common problems facing mankind.These areas of cooperation are very broad, such as sustainable development, pollution control, and anti-drug and terrorist activities.
From this we can infer:
A.the differences in social systems between countries are increasing
B, there are many common problems in countries with different social systems
C.Diversity of the international community is the root cause of rampant terrorist activities
D, one country cannot learn the weaknesses of another

a
According to statistics, children of families with parents smoking more than ten a day are shorter by 0.65 cm on average than children of non-smokers; and children of families with parents smoking less than ten a day are 0.45 cm shorter by average than children of non-smokers.
It can be inferred from this:
A.children's passive smoking will affect the growth and development of the body
B, children's height depends on whether parents have a smoking habit
C.Parents who smoke more severely, lack of sufficient care for their children, which seriously affects their growth
D, smoking by parents will give children a demonstration role, and children secretly smoke, which will affect the growth

a
Psychologists have studied the relationship between husband's motivation for power and his wife's professional level, and the study found that the correlation between men's motivation for power and his wife's occupation is -0.42.
which of the following can be deduced from the above research results is:
A.the motivation of the husband makes him discourage his wife from choosing a competitive career
B, the husband has a strong motivation for power, and his wife is less likely to find a competitive career
C.Men with strong power motives choose only women who do not want to do competitive work
D, women with professional ambitions only choose men with weaker motivations to marry

c
Before the dragon boat competition, people made three estimates of the performance of the red, yellow, blue and green teams: (1) the blue team won the championship and the yellow team won the second runner-up; (2) the blue team won the second runner-up and the green team won Third place; (3) The red team won the second place, and the green team took the fourth place.However, the actual game results show that each of the above three estimates is half right and half wrong.
From this, the order of the results of the competition is 1-4:
A.blue, green, yellow, red
B, green, yellow, red, blue
C, blue, red, green, yellow
D, red, yellow, blue, green

d
"Do not want to do anything to others" is regarded as a virtue by many people, but it can also lead to contradictions.For example, no one wants to marry a doctor who works on a weekend and calls at two o'clock at night, but every patient Hope to find such a doctor.
From this we can infer:
A.the more ethical a doctor is, the harder it is to get married
B, "doing nothing to others" is the real virtue
C, "don't do anything to others" will only cause pain
D, what one doesn't need is sometimes exactly what another needs

b
Huangtu Village, as long as he is no more than 25 years old, is a student of Teacher Xin.None of the people in the village do not know Teacher Xin.Zhao Da knows Teacher Xin.Li Lan of Huangtu Village is Zhao Da's wife.Only graduated from elementary school at the age of 14
From this we can infer:
A.Zhao is not from Huangtu Village
B, Li Lan is a student of Teacher Xin
C, Zhao is from Huangtu Village
D, Zhao is not a student of Teacher Xin

c
Observers who are limited by malice and hatred can only see things on the surface, even with keen observation; and only when keen observation combined with goodwill and love can one reach the deepest part of people and the world.And there is hope to reach the highest lofty goals.
From this we can infer:
A.a well-intentioned observer cannot see the surface
B, no one in the world can achieve the highest goals
C, it is impossible to reach the deepest part of a person without keen observation
D, human evil is the appearance of a man

a
The Peter Principle is a conclusion reached by the American scholar Lawrence Peter after studying the phenomena related to the promotion of people in organizations.In various organizations, employees are accustomed to the promotion and promotion of people who are qualified at a certain level in various organizations.Always tends to be promoted to its incompetent status.Peter's principle is sometimes called the "climbing up" principle.
Which of the following phenomena fits Peter's principle?
A.Professor Zhang's class is very popular, and he was recently promoted to principal, and he has been so busy since then
B.As an excellent gymnast, he was hired as a coach by the National Gymnastics Team after his retirement, and his work was quickly recognized by everyone.
C.Xiao Wang has been a company's marketer with good performance and was recently promoted to business executive
D.Xiao Li was the general manager of the company and was quickly promoted to the management level.He worked very hard

a
Herd behavior refers to an individual's behavior that tends to be consistent with the crowd in perceptual judgments, actions, etc.due to the pressure of the group.
What does not follow herd behavior?
A.I always like the blue color, but I didn't expect it to be the color of the year
B.After dinner, everyone has to sing.Although I don't like it, I still go with everyone
C.Since everyone agrees with this plan, I agree
D.Fur coats are popular this year.Although I am not affluent, I still bought one with my teeth.

c
An administrative ruling refers to a specific administrative act that is performed by an administrative subject in accordance with the law and is conducted on a specific civil dispute (dispute) that occurs between equal subjects and is closely related to administrative management activities.
which of the following are administrative rulings?
A.An environmental department mediates disputes between Party A and Party B for damages caused by environmental pollution
B.A labor dispute arbitration committee resolves a dispute caused by the termination of a labor contract between a textile factory and its employee Zhang
C.A county government resolves the dispute over the ownership of land use rights for Party A and Party B
D.A village committee finally resolved the long-term dispute between Zhang and Li due to their children's love issues

c
Securities refer to the written evidence that establishes and proves that the holder is entitled to obtain certain property rights.Certain rights represented by the securities are combined with written evidence that records the rights.Leave the securities to proceed.
What does not belong to securities?
A.Stocks
B.Treasury bills
C.Contract
D.Check

d
Formal communication refers to the transmission and exchange of information in an organizational system based on certain organizational principles, such as official correspondence between organizations, communication of documents within the organization, holding meetings, and regular information exchange between superiors, In addition, visits, technical exchanges, and market surveys organized by groups are also included.
What are the formal communication channels below?
A.Gossip
B.Friends gathering
C.Lunch in the cafeteria
D.Staff meetings

d
Product positioning in management refers to the function, quality, price, packaging, sales channels, service methods, etc.of a product (or service) in order to meet the target market.
According to the above definition, which of the following behaviors does not fall into the scope of product positioning in management?
A.Our products will serve school students
B.Taking into account the income status of consumers, our products will be priced at around 1,000 yuan
C.Our service will be mainly achieved through on-site repairs
D.Our service will make you enjoy beautifully

b
Personal right is a civil right without property content that cannot be separated from the citizen's body.Its characteristics are: ① personal right is closely connected with the person of the subject of civil rights and cannot be transferred, and disappears automatically with the demise of the subject; ② personal right has no property content; ③ personal right is based on personal relationship And produced, it is proprietary.
According to the above definition, which of the following rights is not personal?
A.Right to name
B.Right of inheritance
C.Right to portrait
D.Right of honor

b
Psychologists believe that fear is caused by ignorance of the things you will be in contact with, that is to say, you do n’t have the bottom of your heart, so you will be afraid.So, what does adventure mean? Adventure is "knowing that there are tigers in the mountains, and they tend to go to the mountains."
this means?
A.The adventurous person has a bottom in mind
B.The adventurous overcomes fear to some extent
C.The adventurous person only has "paper tigers"
D.The adventurous person has the ability to fight tigers

c
The average salary of the main players of the team is high because they represent the essence of this profession and are the best among the thousands of players in this country every year.Their salary cannot be compared with the average businessman, doctor or lawyer It must be compared to business giants, the best surgeons, and partners in major law firms.
What is the author's point of view?
A.Major players need the same skills as high-paying businessmen, doctors and lawyers
B.In a market economy, the price payable for any goods or services is determined by market supply and demand
C.Compared with other high-tech occupations, the salaries of the main players are not excessively high
D.The main players seeking maximum compensation have the same financial motivation as the businessman, doctor, and lawyer

d
A warehouse was stolen and four custodians were summoned for suspicion.The confessions of the four were as follows: A: None of us committed the crime.B: Some of us committed the crime.C: At least one of B and D did not commit the crime.D: I did not Commit a crime
If two of the four people are telling the truth and two are telling lies, then the following is true.
A.The truth is A and C
B.The truth is Jia Heding
C.The truth is that B and D
D.The truth is B and C

c
The fire that destroyed the municipal building erupted just before dawn this morning, and the last firefighter did not leave until later this afternoon.No one would be near such a fire without noticing the fire.Thomas must have seen it That fire, no matter how he denies it, he went to the library from his apartment as usual this morning, and there was no way to go from his apartment to the library without going through the municipal building.
What is the main conclusion of the above discussion?
A.Thomas is near the big fire this morning
B.Thomas claims that he did not see the fire
C.Thomas saw the fire
D.Thomas went straight from his apartment to the library this morning

d
The increase in the high-density fat protein content in the blood will increase the body's ability to prevent the absorption of excessive cholesterol, thereby reducing the cholesterol in the blood.Some people can significantly increase the high-concentration fat in the blood through regular physical exercise and weight loss Protein content.
Based on the above discussion, what is the most appropriate conclusion that can be drawn?
A.Some people lower cholesterol in their blood through regular physical exercise, then these people must be fat
B.People who exercise regularly, especially fat people, have an increased risk of high cholesterol in their blood as they get older.
C.Physical exercise and weight loss are the most effective ways to lower high cholesterol in the blood
D.Some people can lower cholesterol in their blood through regular physical exercise and weight loss

d
All policies and policies conducive to the development of productive forces are in the fundamental interests of the people, and reform and opening up are conducive to the development of productive forces, so reform and opening up are in the fundamental interests of the people.
Which of the following reasoning methods is most similar to the above paragraph?
A.Listening to all actions is a disciplinary guarantee that a team can be invincible.Therefore, to develop an enterprise and a region, it is necessary to promote prohibition and obey the overall situation ’
B.After a follow-up survey of the fitness equipment sold in the last six months, no return or repair was found due to quality problems.Therefore, it can be said that the quality of the fitness equipment is qualified
C.If a certain product exceeds market demand, there may be a slow-moving phenomenon.The supply of "Zhuoqun" tie greatly exceeds the market demand, so there will be a slow-moving phenomenon.
D.Any contract signed beyond agency authority is invalid.This real estate construction contract is signed beyond agency authority, so it is invalid

c
Only cadres learn legal knowledge; I am not a cadre, so I don't need to learn legal knowledge.
Which of the following inferences is most similar to the above inference structure?
A.If you fail the exam, you cannot enter Nanjing University to study; Zhang entered Nanjing University to study, so Zhang passed the exam
B.As long as the exam passes, you can enter Nanjing University to study; Zhang fails the exam, so Zhang cannot enter Nanjing University to study
C.Only after passing the exam can he enter Nanjing University; Zhang fails the exam, so Zhang cannot enter Nanjing University to study
D.Only after passing the exam can he enter Nanjing University; Zhang has passed the exam, so Zhang can enter Nanjing University to study

d
As long as the diagnosis is accurate and the treatment is timely, the patient will not die.Now the patient is unfortunately dead.
If the above assertion is true, the following must also be true?
A.The diagnosis of this patient is not accurate, but the treatment is timely
B.The diagnosis of this patient is accurate, but the treatment is not timely
C.If the cause of this patient's death is an inaccurate diagnosis, then the delay in treatment will not be the cause
D.If the diagnosis of this patient is accurate, then the cause of death must be delayed treatment

c
Naturalist: For decades, we have learned that large lizards, reptiles of New Zealand, are endangered in the southern islands.However, because the southern island lizard is considered the same species as the northern island lizard, So there is no extinction.But because the southern island lizard is considered to be the same species as the northern island lizard, there is no need to protect them.However, new research shows that the southern island lizard is a species found only in that place.An unusual creature.Because it is now known that if the southern island lizards become extinct, then all of this species of lizards will become extinct, so people have to prevent them from extinct, even if it means killing many of them for food.Natural predator without danger of extinction.
Which of the following is most helpful in justifying a naturalist's argument? ?
A.In order to maximize the number of organisms on the planet, people should take steps to protect all local animal groups
B.When an animal is in danger of death, people have an obligation to help save its life, even if doing so would impede the health or happiness of other animals or humans
C.Regional extinction does not force people to do their best to prevent it from extinction, while global extinction forces people to work hard to protect it
D.Human activities that intentionally and unintentionally affect animal survival should be controlled

c
Trade secrets are technical information and business information that are not known to the public, can bring economic benefits to the right holder, and are practical and subject to confidentiality measures by the right holder.
According to the above definitions, the following are trade secrets:
A.Details of mall promotions
B.Management regulations for school logistics groups
C.The secret recipe of Tianpo Restaurant's signature dish Dongpo Meat
D.Method of animation production

d
Premeditated intentional: It refers to the psychological attitude of the criminal behavior that is committed after a period of preparation after the perpetrator has intentionally committed the crime.
According to the above definitions, the following are intentional:
A.A young man saw a single woman on the night road, and then he missed and ran away after grabbing her purse.
B.Pharaoh went out and forgot to lock the door so that some valuables were stolen when outsiders passed by
C.Someone drove fast and killed a person
D.A has a long-term relationship with neighbor B.When B is not paying attention, A is poisoning the wells in B's house, causing B to die.

b
Model learning: Refers to the process of discovering, learning, and applying best practices from others (or each other) to help improve performance.
According to the above definitions, the following are model examples:
A.Xiao Li always loses money when buying stocks.After learning some basics of economics, stocks make some money.
B.The leaders of city A have learned the city construction experience of city B and put forward a satisfactory plan for city construction.
C.Xiao Wang saw that Xiao Li's income from planting tobacco leaves was quite good, and he also started planting tobacco leaves.
D.Xiao Zhang, with the help of Xiao Li, finally passed the CET-4

b
The value of the burden of proof mainly refers to the decisive effect of the burden of proof assumed by the plaintiff, defendant or third party in the lawsuit on the success and failure of the lawsuit.
It can be inferred from this text:
A.Burden of proof is worthless
B.The burden of proof is mainly borne by the plaintiff, the defendant, or a third party
C.The value of the burden of proof is to allow the plaintiff to prevail
D.The burden of proof is mainly borne by public security organs or people's procuratorates

c
Fever is a common symptom of pediatric diseases.There are often such children in the clinic.After the exogenous high fever subsides, the low fever usually persists for a period of time.The examination-related signs and laboratory indicators are normal, and the child has no obvious discomfort, mental illness.The condition is good, and there is no specific treatment method for western medicine.Other patients have fever of unknown cause, which often persists for high fever for 1-2 months, and the diagnosis of western medicine is unknown and difficult to treat.Therefore, these children are often treated in traditional Chinese medicine.
It can be inferred from this text:
A.There is no specific treatment for children with persistent fever
B.Western medicine is very effective for children with persistent fever
C.Traditional Chinese medicine has a better effect on children with persistent fever
D.Chinese medicine has a recipe for children with persistent fever

d
Rand Corporation, a well-known American think tank company, has spent 20 years tracking the world's 500 largest companies, and found that a common feature of centuries-old companies is to set a social goal of surpassing profits, not to profit.For the sole pursuit of goals.
It can be inferred from this text:
A.100-year-old companies do not pursue profit
B.Centennial enterprises do not pursue maximum profits
C.The most important and core of corporate values ​​is the corporate profit outlook
D.Establishing the values ​​that exceed profit maximization is the spiritual and cultural foundation of a century-old enterprise

d
Only those who play well in gateball can join the gateball association; all people in the gateball association wear sun hats, and some retired comrades are members of the gateball association; no one in a certain street will play gateball.
One thing that cannot be confirmed from this is:
A.No one on the street is a member of the gateball association
B.Some people on the street are wearing sun hats
C.Some retired comrades wear sun hats
D.Some retired veteran commendants play well

b
Xiao Jia said: "Every student in our class is up to sports standards." If what he said is actually wrong,
Which of the following is true? ?
A.None of their classmates have reached the sports standard.
B.At least one student in their class does not meet the sports standard
C.Xiao Jia's own sports are up to standard
D.At least one of their classmates meets the sports standard

c
The world's high-level film actor does not receive more than 3 films per year, so if Zuo Yuan receives about 4 films per year, he is not a world-class film actor.
Which of the following reasoning methods is the same as above? ?
A.A good student does not drive at night every day.If Liu Yong does not drive at night every day, he is a good student.
B.If a company can maintain a good sales momentum during the off-season, then it will have a bumper harvest during the peak season.Our company is not off-season this year, so the peak season will be more vigorous
C.When a good leader leaves his job, his employees can do as well as he did at the time.So if a general manager is transferred, the company becomes a loose sand, then the general manager is not a good one.leadership
D.Mobile phone charges are generally more expensive than ordinary phones.If the mobile phone and ordinary phone are around, we have the ordinary phone first, then it is a saving practice

d
Although the computer has strong functions in many aspects, experiments have shown that operating the computer is faster and more accurate than using an abacus when calculating addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
Which of the following, if true, could greatly weaken the persuasiveness of the above experiment? ?
A.The person who operates the computer and uses the abacus in the experiment must be different people
B.Abacus can use tips
C.When using an abacus, you can use mental arithmetic, but a computer operator cannot.
D.Use a computer for calculations, don't care about the size of the number, but not the abacus.In the experiment, only the smaller numbers are calculated.

d
In a dissertation competition at a university, only one person can win the first place.Who is the first place? When predicting the rankings of the six contestants A.B, C, D, E, and H, the four made the following predictions: A: The first place will be either me or B.The second place: It is either A or C.C: If it is not E, it must be the first.D: The first place will never be A.After the game, only one person predicted that correct.
Excuse me: who won first place? ?
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.Ding

c
A social agency released the results of the next long-term social survey, which showed that in the 13 years after marriage, women had grown an average of 13 kg and men had grown an average of 20 kg.The agency concluded that marriage can make People get fat.
Which of the following, if true, is most likely to challenge the above conclusion? ?
A.If the survey time is 3 or 31 years, the weight of the surveyed person will be much smaller than the above increase.
B.In the 13 years after marriage, some of the men surveyed gained less than 20 kg in weight
C.Singles of the same age as those surveyed, women have grown an average of 16 kg in 13 years and men have grown an average of 25 kg
D.During the 13 years after marriage, some of the men surveyed had lost significant weight

c
Many media have said that there is a serious imbalance in the ratio of men to women in China.By 2020, the number of men in China at marriage will be 30 to 40 million more than women, which means that one in five men will not find a spouse.Tens of millions of men have no wives to marry.
The one that best supports the above argument?
A.Popularization of gender selection technologies
B.The census has been very successful
C.Late marriage and late childbirth are common
D.Increased celibacy

a
There are three playing cards on the table, lined up.Now we know: ① at least one of the two cards to the right of K is A; ② one of the two cards to the left of A is A; ③ to the left of the box At least one of the two cards is red peach; ④ One of the two cards to the right of red peach is red peach.
May I ask: What are the three cards on the far left? ?
A.Hearts K
B.Block K
C.Hearts A
D.Block A

d
Nowadays, the so-called "stars" and "singers", which are very popular nowadays, are not really real stars, and they are not worthy of the artistic achievements, cultural literacy, and personal qualities of the public.
What conclusion cannot be deduced from the above discussion?
A.Now some unqualified "stars" have also received public attention and worship
B.Real stars should possess artistic achievements, cultural literacy, and personal qualities that the so-called "stars" do not yet have.
C.Real stars deserve public attention and worship
D.The current "stars" and "singers" mostly deserve public attention and worship

c
City A sold more newspapers than City B.As a result, residents of City A knew the world's events better than those of City B.
If the following sentences are true, they can weaken the above conclusions, except for?
A.City A has more population than City B
B.Many residents of City B work in City A.so they buy newspapers in City A
C.City A residents generally spend more time reading newspapers than City B residents
D.A City's weekly newspaper with local publishing rights

c
Natural landscape mainly refers to the naturally formed terrain, landforms and features such as plains, mountains, grasslands, forests, the sea, swamps and other scenery.These scenery are just unit ecosystems, so they are also called ecological landscapes.
Can it be derived from this text?
A.Natural landscape is more important than human landscape
B.Natural landscape is more beautiful than human landscape
C.Cities and towns are not natural
D.Cities and towns are also natural landscapes

d
Close association in psychology refers to things that are relatively close in time and space, and it is easy to form associations in people's experiences.
According to the above definitions, which of the following are close to Lenovo?
A.Seeing the child, thinking of the mother
B.Recalling the bittersweet
C.Seeing a cat, thinking of a tiger
D.Seeing lightning, thinking of thunder

b
Organizational citizenship refers to a behavior that is determined by employees on their own initiative and is not included in the formal work requirements of employees, but it will undoubtedly promote the effectiveness of the organization.
According to the above definitions, what are the following organizational citizenship behaviors?
A.Xiao Wang commutes on time
B.Xiao Wang often helps his colleague Xiao Li to take care of his sick father
C.Xiao Wang likes collecting stamps and has made many friends
D.Xiao Wang is often asked by his boss to work overtime

d
The right of consumer supervision means that consumers have the right to supervise goods and services and protect consumer rights.
According to the above definition, what are the following behaviors that do not fall within the scope of consumer supervision?
A.Taxi driver Xiao Li complained about refusing to carry passengers
B.Xiao Wang found that the sizes of the left and right feet of the shoes he bought back were inconsistent, and his request for return was rejected.Xiao Wang immediately lodged a complaint with the Consumer Association.
C.Xiao Zhaomin presents a safety hazard in the elevator of a supermarket and immediately reports it to the relevant department
D.A barbershop claims to consumers that the quality of its hair dye is bad in order to compete for customers

b
Trademark infringement refers to the unauthorized use of a registered trademark by another person for commercial purposes without the permission of the trademark owner, or the use of a major part of another person's registered trademark as his own trademark, and used on the same or similar goods Generate trademark confusion to deceive consumers.
According to the above definition, what is a trademark infringement in the following cases?
A.An artist paints the trademarks of many big brands on one painting after artistic treatment, named "Modern"
B.After the "He Xiangu" trademark registered by company A was opened on the market, it was produced by the company B in the form of a branch factory with similar trademarks of "He Xiangu", and company A did not know
C.Xiao Du named his study "Du Fu Thatched Cottage"
D.In order to highlight that their products are made of imported raw materials, the US flag is printed on the packaging

a
Habits are behaviors and tendencies that are gradually developed over a long period of time and are not easily changed at one time.
According to the above definition, which of the following situations is customary?
A.Wash your hands before meals
B.keep blinking
C.Puppies see bones and secrete saliva
D.Young Pioneers wear a red scarf when raising the flag

a
Savings refers to an individual depositing surplus or temporarily unused currency into a bank, or a currency credit act that can store business post offices according to regulations.Deposit into a bank, a credit cooperative is called bank savings, and deposit into a post office is called post savings .
According to the above definition, what are the following savings behaviors?
A.Zhang Fang deposited 5,000 yuan in cash at the post office
B.Wang Hai took his savings from the bank and put it into the stock market
C.Pharaoh puts his monthly salary in his own safe
D.Xiao Li returned to the bank in time after overdrafting with a credit card for 1,000 yuan

d
According to whether knowledge can be clearly expressed and effectively transferred, knowledge can be divided into explicit knowledge and tacit knowledge.Explicit knowledge can be used by humans with a certain code system (most typical is language, also.Including teaching formulas, Various types of symbols, such as diagrams, braille, sign language, semaphore, etc.) are fully expressed.Tacit knowledge refers to subjective knowledge that is not easy to express in words, languages, images, etc.Existence, impressions, know-how, organizational culture, customs, etc.exist.
According to the above definition, what belongs to explicit knowledge is:
A.The apprentice finally learned the emblem carving technique of the national master craftsman through observation, imitation and personal practice
B.Xiaoshi learns cooking in the chef class.The teacher repeatedly emphasizes the heat.He tried his best to notice that Lai was still not good enough.
c.When Xiao Xiagang graduated from a foreign language education major as a foreign language teacher, she always couldn't control the bathhouse well.
D.Xiaohong memorizes 10 foreign language words every day.After half a year, she can finish reading a short story in a foreign language.

d
When the new knowledge learned is superior to the original cognitive structure, that is, the original knowledge is a subordinate concept, and the knowledge learned by the peach is a generalized concept, such learning is superordinate learning.On the contrary, if the new knowledge is related If the original knowledge is subordinate, it is subordinate learning.
And if the new knowledge is only composed of a reasonable combination of related content of the original knowledge, it cannot form a higher-level relationship or a lower-level relationship with some specific content of the original.
A.Students learn parallelograms before learning rectangles
B.General review after learning everything
c.Learn theoretical knowledge first, then practice skills
D.In order to explain a grammatical structure, the teacher first gave a lot of example sentences.

d
Knowledge spillover refers to the fact that the knowledge receiver merges the acquired knowledge with his own knowledge to obtain new knowledge, but does not give the knowledge provider compensation, so the provider does not enjoy the full benefits of the original knowledge, or the compensation given is less than The cost of knowledge creation, a phenomenon in which the recipient consciously or unconsciously does not bear the full cost of knowledge.
According to the above definitions, the following are knowledge spillovers:
A.Students have learned problem-solving methods and skills from the tutorial class, and can proficiently answer this type of problem
B.A company represents the production and sales of well-known foreign electronic products, and then introduced a production line to support the charging equipment for the production of this electronic product, which greatly increased the company's efficiency.
c.A company works with overseas research institutions to introduce each other's technology to develop a new product, and the two parties agree to share property rights and benefits
D.A city design agency participated in the regular scheme of another large city, and designed the new district transportation network based on the city's original design scheme and actual conditions.

d
Competitive decision-making refers to the fact that, in the presence of a competing opponent, it is not based on objective natural conditions, but based on the strategy of a competitor.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is a competitive decision?
A.Due to similar competition, Xiaoli will sell all the stock products at a 70% discount.
B.In order to crack down on the newly opened counterparts, Xiao Liu will sell all products for 3 days below the wholesale price.
c.The board of directors of company A is unanimous, and the deputy general manager of company B with which it has a competitive relationship is hired to be the general manager of the company
D.In order to attract high-quality students, the bonus scholarship amount of School A is always 10% higher than that of School B

c
Power refers to the ability of one person to influence another.Coercive power is based on fear.If a person does not obey, it may have negative consequences.In this fear, the person makes Rewarding power means that people obey people's desires or instructions to obey a person because this obedience can benefit them.Therefore, those who can give people the reward they expect to have power.Legal power refers to the power obtained by a person through the organization's formal hierarchical structure.Legal power is based on the individual's position in the organization, and it is a person's orthodoxy or official authority.Some people can Make things happen because they have the power and authority to do so.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following three kinds of powers are not involved in the following:
A.The manager asked all employees to give up their holidays and work overtime at the company.
B.Four-year-old Xiaoming found that as long as he gave the child candy, the child would play with him, so he often brought sugar from home to share with the children
c.Xiao Liu was robbed on the way to the spot, and saw that there was only one gangster.Xiao Liu decided to rebel, but when he saw the gangster brought out a knife, he gave up the idea of resistance
D.Xiao Li has a disagreement with Pharaoh on work decisions.After considering, Xiao Li thinks that Pharaoh's experience is richer than him and he has handled more similar affairs, so he decides to follow Pharaoh's decision

d
Service refers to a paid or unpaid activity that does things for others and benefits others, and meets some special needs of others in the form of providing living labor, not in kind or rarely.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not services:
A.Xiao Zhou's car broke down for repair, and the auto repair shop replaced parts worth more than 2,000 yuan
B.To facilitate students' withdrawal at any time, a bank has installed an ATM on campus
c.A hospital sent a medical team to the countryside to diagnose and treat the farmers.
D.Xiao Wang, a resident of a community, posted on the community network forum to improve the level of property management

d
Intelligence refers to the specific knowledge and information required to solve specific problems in scientific research, production, and operation by using certain media (carriers) and passing them to specific users across space and time.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not intelligence:
A.After a company learns from a customer that a competitor's technological innovation of a product has significantly reduced costs, it decides to switch to production.
B.Fruit farmer Zhao used the network to ask a technician from the Institute of Agriculture and Forestry Xiao Li to cure the brown spot perforation of cherry
c.I saw that the TV station reported that a large number of potatoes produced in a certain place were piled up and the price was low.A school cafeteria telephone ordered 2000 kg.
D.Before Xiaosun and friends go out for a trip, the ministry checks the route on the network with an electronic map and sends the route to the mobile phone

d
Dynamic training refers to a temporary connection system established under the conditions of a fixed procedure.In this system, each condition tattoo is presented in a strict sequence and time.To obtain the exact and unchanged effect of each stimulus, The final effect is to establish a dynamic stereotype in the activity of the cerebral cortex.
Which of the following does not fit this theory?
A.Table tennis players ensure the stability of the ground ball through practice
B.The teacher keeps correcting the posture while the pupils are learning to write
c.Basketball stars practice more than 1,000 shots per day
D.The zookeeper whistles every time before feeding the animals

b
The service chain is a service industry company that provides services to consumers to meet consumers' needs to the greatest extent, and provides consumers with a good consumption environment and various services in the consumption process.These services are based on modern information technology, logistics technology, and systems.Based on modern science and technology, such as engineering, with the starting point of meeting the needs of consumers to the greatest extent, all aspects related to service are organized in a certain way to form a complete service system.
According to the above definitions, which of the following can constitute a service chain?
A.A waste recycling station set up by several scrap purchasers in a community to recycle used electrical appliances
B.Major shopping malls and home appliance repair companies related to the sales of a brand of computer
c.Developer and new real estate bidding property company, many property companies come to compete
D.In order to provide more convenience for students, the school set up bank outlets and supermarkets in the dormitory area.

c
Scientists' drilling in Antarctica has revealed the true state of Antarctica tens of millions of years ago, and they have found ancient Antarctica that is very different from today.During the Eocene period, 48 million to 55 million years ago, the temperature was higher here.Maybe a green coast.
Which of the above is true and best supports the above conclusion?
A.Researchers observed the submarine volcanic cones distributed at a uniform depth and found that large-scale volcanic eruptions occurred during the Eocene.
B.The study found that the warmest zone in Antarctica ...the South Shetland Islands is home to 200 species of freshwater algae that sometimes grow on ice.
c.Scientists found the pollen of the kapok tree in the sediments of the seafloor, which is a plant growing in tropical areas.Its trunk is not only thick but also can store water.
D.During the seafloor exploration, scientists found some fossils similar to prokaryotes, which means that Antarctica may have given birth to early life forms.

b
Recently, researchers analyzed the neural circuits of experimental rats and found the pathogenic genes that cause idiopathic tremors.The researchers analyzed the genes of the experimental rats with strong tremors in the lower body and their central nervous system when walking.The "mTeneuxirr-4" gene has been mutated, causing no myelin to form outside the axons of nerve cells.Nerves are similar to wires, axons are equivalent to wires in wires, and the myelin sheath is like an insulating layer covering the wires.It was because the myelin sheath did not form properly that the neural circuit was "short-circuited", and the shock symptoms appeared.Based on this, the researchers concluded that the reason for this shock in humans is the same.
For a researcher's argument to be valid, which of the following prerequisites need to be added most?
A.The study found that myelin hypoplasia also exists in transgenic experimental mice whose gene function is inhibited by "Teneurirr-4"
B.Humans have the same "Teneuxirr-4" gene
c.Idiopathic tremor has been thought to be caused by genes, but the specific genes associated with it and the detailed mechanisms that cause symptoms have not been known before
D.Humans with idiopathic tremor have the same symptoms as laboratory rats

a
Normally-women are more talkative than men.A report on conversation habits shows that many times men and women are more able to lead conversations and speak more vocabulary on average.Therefore, some people believe that In terms of discourse volume, the differences in language between the sexes are not large.
Which of the following, if true, would not support the above conclusions?
A.Among adults, women mostly dominate when talking with classmates, parents, and children, while men are more convergent and less effective.
B.In debates or some controversial topics, men tend to gush, while in emotional topics, women speak more
c.The study found that in a conversation between husband and wife, the average conversation volume between men and women is not much different, but it varies only by region.
D.Generally speaking, younger boys speak more on average, which is related to their faster language learning: But after 13 years old, boys speak more than girls on average

b
A survey found that parents' investment in music learning for their children is "value for money" because children who have studied music often have higher education, better career prospects when they grow up, or Get more lucrative income.
Which of the following is true and cannot be used as a supporting argument?
A.The survey data includes many successful people, such as well-known scientists or previous presidents, most of whom studied music as a child
B.Many successful respondents stated that learning music makes them physically and mentally balanced and easily satisfied, and their lives are enriched by music
c.Learning music requires self-discipline, and knowledge of other disciplines such as science, language art, etc.is often involved in music learning, so it is beneficial to students' vision development and habit formation.
D.In the study of music similar to a chorus, students must learn to cooperate with others, learn to listen and help, which will help one's career development

b
In a study, researchers wanted to compare the effects of honey and cough medicines on children with respiratory infections.The results showed that honey not only has an antitussive effect but also helps sleep, so researchers believe that for children with respiratory infections, honey More effective than cough medicine.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.It is understood that most cough medicines in many pharmacies are currently provided for adults and are not suitable for children under 6 years of age.
B.Experiments show that some children's cough is caused by pulmonary fever, which can heal on their own after one week without medication.
c.Studies have found that the reason why honey has better cough relief may be that it can relax the throat of the tattooed emblem, not really treat the infection
D.Some young children under the age of 1 should not eat honey, because honey may have a stimulating effect on the intestines of young children and cause diarrhea in children.

a
The mantle is located at a depth of tens of kilometers to about 2900 kilometers below the crust, enclosing the core of the earth's interior.According to the different speeds of seismic wave propagation inside the earth, the mantle is considered to be divided into upper and lower layers at 660 kilometers underground, and the upper mantle is composed of olivine, etc.The composition of minerals with high magnesium content and the composition of the lower mantle is not clear.In the past, researchers believed that the mantle had been homogenized due to the internal convective movement of about 4 billion years after the birth of the earth, forming the minerals of the upper and lower mantles.The matter should be the same, but recent studies have found that the minerals that make up the upper and lower layers of the mantle are different.
To reach the above conclusions, the arguments that need to be supplemented most are:
A.The propagation speed of seismic waves is different in different minerals.Based on this, the propagation speed of the seismic waves in the upper and lower mantles is different.
B.Experiments have shown that the mantle has been continuously convective since the birth of the earth, but the speed of convection will continue to change as the internal temperature changes.
c.Previous research suggested that the composition of the mantle was affected by the impact of meteorites more than 4 billion years ago, but it was later found that the composition of the mantle is consistent with the average composition of other planets in the solar system, and the impact of the meteorites did not cause significant changes.
D.According to research, the upper mantle is likely to be the birthplace of magma, and the material is liquid, but the temperature, pressure, and density of the lower mantle have increased, and the material has a wing-shaped solid state.

a
It should be seen that "a few people rely on awareness, and most people rely on policies." When all kinds of social problems are attributed to a lack of conscience, there is a logic inversion and cognitive dislocation.Many problems are caused by the lack of "law" and the lack of morality.", But not the opposite.If the supervision and punishment mechanism can be strictly enforced, the" impulse of poisoning "of food producers can be effectively suppressed: if the system is sound, the good people will no longer shed tears and the natural conscience hidden in the heart will It can be translated into practical actions that show righteousness.
Can it be launched from this?
If conscience cannot be translated into action, the system needs to be improved
Only with a sound system can we not lose our conscience
As long as we keep our conscience, there will be no social problems
Only when the system is sound will there be no social problems

c
A study found that fresh vegetables were kept at room temperature and stored for two days in cold storage, and the nitrite content would rise, and to a higher degree than the national standard limit, causing mild to severe poisoning of the human body.A study found that fresh vegetables were kept at room temperature and stored for two days in cold storage, and the nitrite content would increase, and to a different extent than the national standard B value, which would cause mild to severe poisoning of the human body.Researchers immersed 5 kinds of long-lasting vegetables in fruit detergent for 5 to 10 minutes, rinsed them with water, and then tested the nitrate content.The results showed that the nitrate content in the vegetables decreased significantly and quickly decreased.Therefore, researchers believe that long-term vegetables can be safely used after being washed with fruit and vegetable detergents.
Which of the following, if true, would weaken the researchers' experimental conclusions most?
A.Different kinds of nitrite in 5 kinds of vegetables
B.Chemicals in fruit and vegetable detergents can damage the taste of vegetable
c.The nitrite content in the experiment only decreased for a short time, and soon returned to the state of exceeding the standard.
D.Soaking in clean water for more than 20 minutes can also achieve the same effect in the experiment

c
Researchers mixed a kind of plant lactic acid bacteria into the experimental rat's feed.After the experimental rat consumed this feed for 4 weeks, it continued to exert mental stress enough to cause sleep disturbance for two weeks, and then let the experimental rat pedal during the night activity period.The results showed that the downward trend of the activity of the experimental mice after extracting the lactic acid bacteria was restrained, while the control group of rats that did not consume the feed containing the lactic acid bacteria had difficulty falling asleep during the day and lack of sleep, resulting in a significant decrease in their night activity.Therefore, researchers believe that the ingestion of lactic acid bacteria can improve sleep disorders caused by mental stress.
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the above conclusions?
A.Lab rats usually sleep during the day and come out at night
B.The expression of a gene related to sleep disorders is suppressed in experimental mice from which lactic acid bacteria are extracted
C.The composition of the plant lactic acid bacteria is inconsistent with most lactic acid bacteria
D, except for the runner, there is no other activity in the rat at night

a
Several major power companies in country T recently announced that they will abandon domestic coal unless the price of domestic coal is reduced.The spokesman said that the price of imported coal has fallen to less than $ 100 per ton, and the price of domestic coal is still high.According to industry insiders in the coal industry, once coal prices continue to fall, small and medium-sized coal mines will struggle to survive, and the driving force of large coal mining companies will be seriously insufficient, and the entire domestic coal production industry will face a grim situation.At present, the situation of domestic coal production enterprises is already grim.
Which of the following facts must the judgment of the industry have?
A.Domestic coal companies have reduced coal production during this period
B.Domestic coal prices remain high in the country
C.Domestic coal has no advantage in price competition with imported coal
D.Several major power companies in the country have not given up buying domestic coal

c
The breadth economy is an economy that diversifies the production or operation of goods or services.When the cost of producing X and Y at the same time is lower than the production of two separate goods or services, there is a breadth economy.
According to the above definition, which of the following is breadth economies?
A.Chocolate factory chocolate production line is also used to produce chocolate peanut beans
B.In addition to the dry cleaning business, the dry cleaning shop also provides services such as leather clothing maintenance
C.The industrial park of "Famous" beverage company also has a workshop for producing "Famous" children's clothing
D.Travel agencies sell a variety of tourism products while providing tour guides and escort services for a fee

b
The objection relationship means that the object classes reflected by the two concepts are different from each other, there is no intersection, and some objects do not belong to these two concepts.
According to the above definition, which of the two dotted words involved in the following concepts are opposed?
A.Real numbers include rational and non-rational numbers
B.Butterflies, bees, etc.are all insects
C.Organizations have both international and non-international organizations
D.Plants include ornamental and non-ornamental plants, fruit-bearing plants and non-fruit-bearing plants

d
Viral network marketing is to publicize the network through user word-of-mouth, and information spreads and spreads like a virus, using rapid replication to reach thousands and millions of audiences.
According to the above definition, which of the following options does not apply viral Internet marketing methods?
A.Some websites set a "forward" or "tell a friend" button under the post, so that the website information can be quickly forwarded to the personal page of the Internet user
B.Some instant messaging tools have developed a "red envelope" function, allowing users to scramble to send red envelopes, and increase the installation of this communication tool
C.A sports brand invites sports stars to shoot wonderful videos and promises in the video that if the number of reposts of the video exceeds a certain number, it will invite more stars to continue shooting new videos
D.An online shopping website pushes emails of promotional information to all registered members, advertising for the upcoming big sale

a
Indirect financing refers to units or individuals who have temporarily idle monetary funds through the form of deposits, or purchase of securities issued by financial institutions such as banks, trusts, insurance, etc., and provide temporarily idle funds to these financial intermediaries before These financial institutions provide funds to some units through loans, discounts, and securities purchases, and these units that have obtained funds have realized indirect financing.
According to the above definition, which of the following is indirect financing?
A.Banks absorb stored funds and lend to private companies
B.Financial investors invest personal property in new industries
C.The state issues bonds and receives funds for the education industry
D.Listed companies issue stocks to the society for financing and promote the development

d
Double-avoidance conflict, also called negative-negative conflict, is a type of motivational conflict.It means that there are two possible threats to the individual at the same time, and adverse things happen.Accept one, and individuals will have contradictions and pain when making choices.
According to the above definitions, which of the following situations is a double-avoidance conflict?
A.If you can't do it high, you can't do it low
B.Cunning Rabbit Dies, Good Dog Cooks
C.The soldiers can be killed, not insulted
D.There are wolves in front and tigers in back

a
The administrative license refers to the legal qualification or law granted to the administrative counterpart to engage in certain activities through the issuance of a license, license, etc.in accordance with the application of the administrative counterpart by the administrative subject under the circumstances generally prohibited by law A specific administrative act of rights.
According to the above definitions, what does the following not involve administrative licenses?
A.The Ethics Review Committee, after reviewing Professor Wang's research plan for human trials in detail, considers it ethical and approves the research
B.Near the Spring Festival, Xiao Li applied to the Production Safety Supervision Administration for the production and operation of fireworks and obtained approval
C.After Zhang graduated from the medical school, he took the doctor's qualification examination of the Ministry of Health and started practicing medicine after obtaining the doctor's qualification certificate.
D.After the State Administration for Industry and Commerce has reviewed the qualifications of an import company, it has given it import certification

d
The integrity of consciousness refers to the nature of processing stimuli based on their own experience in order to maintain the completeness of consciousness when the external stimuli directly acting on the sensory organs are incomplete.
According to the above definition, which of the following options does not belong to "perceptual integrity"?
A.In the dense fog, people can't see the object in front, but through a rough observation of the outline, they know that it is a bicycle
B.When people look at the gapped ring, they usually make up the missing part in their hearts to form the image of a whole ring.
C.Xiao Wang heard the sound of cutting melon, and at the same time, he smelled the aroma of melon.He felt that the colleague next to him was cutting melon
D.A piece of red paper is half exposed to sunlight and half is not exposed to sunlight.The color varies greatly from a distance.One can still tell that this is a red piece of paper.

c
The Barnum effect refers to what people often think of as a general, general personality description that accurately reveals their own characteristics.This psychological tendency arises because everyone's thinking is selective and will give preference to and Match your own message, or choose something you can accept.
According to the above definition, which of the following phenomena fits the Barnum effect?
A.Xiaofang heard classmates say to others that "there is a problem with the character", Xiaofang thinks that the classmates are likely to say that they are
B.Mr.Wang accidentally fell out when he went out.Later, he saw that the yellow calendar said "Not to go out" that day, and felt that the yellow calendar was really accurate.
C.Xiao Zhang saw that the personality analysis on the Internet said that "Taurus men are practical and diligent."
D.On the graduation appraisal, Xiao Huang's evaluation was "respect the teacher and treat people with sincerity".Xiao Huang was very happy after seeing it.

b
The Pygmalion effect refers to the phenomenon that an individual forms a certain expectation based on his perception of a situation, and his emotions and ideas are influenced and implied by others, and the expectation has a practical effect on the situation, also known as the expected effect.
According to the above definition, which of the following options do not meet the Pygmalion effect?
A.The stubborn Rawls had heard a teacher unexpectedly after a naughty mischief, "I can see that you will be the governor of New York State at a glance." Governor
B.Martha has worked hard and worked hard since her childhood, but her grades are mediocre.Facing the eyes of teachers and classmates who do not recognize her, she ignores them and rushes to catch up with her.
C.Welch told each team member that the most valuable thing is the idea, and motivated them to complete the idea and achieve the goal.In the end, they jointly promoted the tremendous development of the business.
D.Assistant Bate caused huge losses to the company due to operating errors, but the president said to him, "It's all up to you to dispose of it and preserve part of the investment." Bate later became the company's backbone.

d
Outcome crime refers to the crime that constitutes the objective aspect of the crime by the harmful behavior and the harmful result.The conviction of the resulting crime not only requires a criminal act, but also a statutory criminal result.Without the harmful result, the objective aspect of the crime is not complete.In other words, the objective aspects of crime are not complete.The result of conviction refers to the tangible and measurable specific harm result, which is consistent with the nature of the crime.
According to the above definitions, what does the following not result in?
A.Fraud
B.Robbery
C.Intentional homicide
D.Obituary framed

d
The new socket products of a certain brand contain lightning protection components, which can ensure that the connected appliances are not damaged after the electrical appliance is struck by lightning.Some people have suggested that such components should be installed as standard accessories in all socket products of the brand; another Some people think that doing so will increase production costs and reduce its price competitiveness in the industry, and domestic industry standards do not mandate that products include lightning protection components, so there is no need to install lightning protection components.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the objection?
A.More and more sockets of other brands have begun to add lightning protection components
B.Survey shows that most consumers are not concerned about lightning strikes on their circuits
C.In the known cases of home appliances that have been struck by lightning, none of the home appliances that use the new socket have been damaged
D.In the forthcoming national standard, all socket products are required to contain lightning protection components

b
Researchers studied 648 dementia patients with an average age of 66 years, and found that patients with two languages had dementia about four and a half years later than patients with only one language.It can delay the onset of dementia.
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the above conclusions?
A.Many people's speech function declines significantly after suffering from dementia
B.People with good brain cognitive function can speak bilingual, and good cognitive function can delay dementia
C.Quite a few people have only one language, but never have symptoms of dementia throughout their lives
D.People with three or more languages have dementia later than two

d
A researcher believes that human languages originally originated directly from birds and primates, because if we re-examine modern human languages, we can see how human interaction has evolved from the ancient communication model system of birds and other primates.Here, he claims, from birds, we get the melodic part of the language; from other primates, we get the practical content part of the language.At some point in the past 100,000 years, these capabilities eventually Evolved into the human language we know today.
Which of the following premise does the above conclusion need to be based on?
A.There is more similarity between human communication and other animal communication than we generally think
B.The human language contains two different levels: the expression level related to the variable structure of the sentence and the lexical level to express the core content of the sentence
C.Human language communication has changed little in the past and present
D.Birds and mammals other than humans have their own language of communication

c
At present, parking spaces in the downtown area are very tight.One night tonight, there are only 3 parking spaces in the neighborhood, A.B, and C.There are only 3 cars left to park in.The brands of the cars are Geely, Chery, and Volkswagen.: Only one car can be parked in each parking space, first come first served; if Geely is parked in parking space B, Chery cannot be parked in parking space C; Volkswagen cars can only be parked in parking space A or B; Chery stopped occupying, and Volkswagen would not find parking spaces, and the three cars ended up with 3 parking spaces.
If the last Geely car was parked in two parking spaces, which of the following can be obtained?
A.Chery finds parking space ahead of Volkswagen
B.Volkswagen finds parking space before Chery
C.Chery car parked in parking space B
D.Volkswagen parked in parking space B

a
A new study suggests that if pregnant women receive too little sun exposure during the first trimester of pregnancy, children born may have an increased chance of developing multiple sclerosis in the future, due to lower vitamin D levels in the body and multiple sclerosis Associated with an increased risk of illness.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above conclusions?
A.In addition to sunlight, you can also increase the body's vitamin D content through a variety of foods
B.Newborns with lower levels of vitamin D are more likely to develop multiple sclerosis
C.Pregnant women are underexposed and their fetal central nervous system may be affected
D.The content of vitamin D in the fetus depends on the content of vitamin D in the mother

c
At the end of 013, a company encouraged employees to work on time.For employees who were never late in 2013, the company applied for the 2014 real-name annual card of the company's cinema for free.The company's employee Zhang Ming had the 2014 annual card of the cinema.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Zhang Ming was late for work in 2013
B.Zhang Ming can watch free of charge in the theater in 2014
C.Employees who were not late in 2013 had a 2014 card
D.Employees with real-name annual cards have never been late in 2013

c
A new attraction discount policy has been formulated for a certain attraction.According to this policy, not some students enjoy discount tickets at this attraction, and all those who enjoy discount tickets at this attraction are over 12 years old.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Some students over 12 years old enjoy discounted tickets at this attraction
B.The ticket discount policy for this attraction is only for students under 12 years old
C.All students over 12 years old do not enjoy discount tickets at this attraction
D.All students under the age of 12 enjoy ticket discounts at this attraction

d
According to a small-scale study, people who are thinner don't necessarily eat better or exercise more than others, they just get up early and get a little more sun.Dawn has an impact on the body mass index of about 20%.The sooner the sun goes, the lower the body mass index, and vice versa.Therefore, the researchers proposed that if you want to lose weight, you only need to get up early to take a sun.
Which of the following, if true, best illustrates the failure of the above findings?
A.Farmers in some areas have been thin and hard every day
B.There is plenty of light in a beach resort, but the locals are fat
C.Compared to those who adhere to indoor fitness, the weight change of the jogger facing the dawn is relatively small
D.A university called for students to do morning exercises, and the classmates who insisted on tanning a lot, but did not lose weight.

b
Researchers have introduced specific genes into crops through genetic engineering technology, which enables them to encode synthetic Bt toxin protein, which can kill invading pests.Transgenic Bt cotton is widely planted in some places, which effectively controls the harm of cotton bollworm, but at the same time However, another pest, the blind stink bug, is flooding.In this regard, researchers believe that the spread of blind stink bugs is not caused by genetically modified Bt cotton, but because the local climate is more suitable for the growth of blind stink bugs.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken a researcher's point of view?
A.Blind stink bugs usually move into cotton fields from other hosts in early to mid-June, and this period is the control period for the second-generation cotton bollworm
B.After transgenic Bt cotton is planted in a large area, because the cotton itself is resistant to bollworm, the number and amount of pesticide sprays are significantly reduced, which indirectly results in the blind stinkbug population gaining living space.
C.As blind stink bugs continue to migrate from cotton fields to other hosts, blind stink bugs have also threatened the growth of local grapes, apple trees, peach trees, and pear trees, becoming new pests of many crops
D.The climatic conditions of the area during cotton growth are also conducive to the growth of pests such as cotton aphids, ground tigers and red spiders

c
Temporary execution means that for a criminal sentenced to life imprisonment, detention or life imprisonment, when a certain statutory situation arises, the prisoner or the detention center shall not temporarily adopt an alternative method of execution.One of them can be temporarily out of prison: (1) Those who have serious illnesses need to be released from prison for medical treatment; (2) Pregnant or breastfeeding their own babies; (3) Life cannot be taken care of by themselves.Criminals sentenced to life imprisonment can be temporarily released from prison only if they meet the second situation.Criminals who may be socially dangerous when applied for medical treatment outside the prison, or who suffer from self-injury may not seek medical treatment outside prison.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following offenders are most likely to apply for temporary execution:
A.Criminal A (female) is sentenced to life imprisonment, her husband dies, her parents are seriously ill, and three minor children aged 3-8 are left unattended
B.Criminal B was sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment, lost confidence in life after entering prison, failed suicide, and endangered life
C.Criminal C was sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment, sudden illness while serving his sentence, physical paralysis, and inability to take care of himself
D.Criminal C (female) was sentenced to death and found to be three months pregnant after the sentence came into effect

a
Service-based public relations refers to the organization's public relations activities that focus on providing a variety of affordable services and obtain the public's understanding and praise through practical actions to build a good image of the organization.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are service-based public relations:
A.A water heater manufacturer regularly sends water heater use precautions to users and replaces the filter for users free of charge every year.
B.An environmental protection company announced through a TV program to provide one-time relief materials worth 500 million yuan to the disaster area
C.A winery puts out a lot of advertisements on TV prime time to promote its new products
D.The chairman of a pharmaceutical company publicly apologized to the consumer for the failure of a certain batch of drugs and resigned the relevant post

d
Consumption pain points are when consumers use or want to use a product, they think there is a particularly unsatisfactory or troublesome place.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not the pain points of consumption:
A.Ms.Jiang paid particular attention to beauty and purchased a certain brand of skincare products, but she found it very inconvenient to use
B.Old horse bought sea cucumber especially for health, but he found that hair preparation and cooking are particularly time-consuming and energy-consuming
C.The range hood used by the Kobayashi family works well, but the cleaning is too complicated and requires a professional to visit the door every time
Ms.Xie bought a long-cherished skirt, but all the friends around her said that it was not suitable for her, she felt very frustrated

a
The tongue tip effect refers to things that are familiar to people at ordinary times.People just can't think of it for a while, and they have a feeling that they can't speak at the mouth, especially when they are nervous.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are the effects of the tongue tip:
A.Old retired grandson sees colleagues from the same office on the street.The colleagues greeted him warmly, but grandson just couldn't remember the name of the colleague.
B.Xiao Wang went to an advertising company to apply for a job.In the face of the recruiter's questions, he calmly calmed down and responded eloquently, but when the recruiter finally asked his expected salary, he was difficult to talk about.
Mr.Jiang always talks in a chat.On a blind date, he meets a favorite woman.When he is nervous, he becomes awkward, and I don't know how to talk to each other.
D.In a math test, Xiao Zhang encountered a problem.His brain was blank and his heart was anxious, but he didn't know how to answer.

c
The so-called non-point source pollution refers to the dissolution of solid or solid pollutants from non-specific locations under the washout of precipitation (or snowmelt) into the receiving water body (including rivers, lakes, reservoirs, and bays) through runoff processes.), And cause eutrophication or other forms of pollution of the water body, is a type of water environment pollution compared to point source pollution.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following situations belong to non-point source pollution:
A.Seawater pollution caused by a nuclear leak at a nuclear power plant
B.Acid rain has caused soil pollution and a large reduction in crop yields
C.Garbage scattered throughout the countryside pollutes water bodies through precipitation
D.Industrial wastewater from paper mills is discharged into the lake by sewage pipes without treatment

d
Endogenous development is a kind of promotion and participation mainly within the development area, making full use of the strength and resources of the development area, respecting its own values and systems, and exploring development suitable for its own development path.
According to the above definition, Which of the following situations are endogenous:
A.In the construction of a new countryside, the local government withdraws the village to build a community, allowing farmers to concentrate in the community.
B.In order to promote farmers to become rich, the local government asked farmers to abandon wheat cultivation and plant fruit trees uniformly
C.Farmers abandon mechanized farming models and adopt traditional manual farming methods
D.Mountain farmers set up rattan knitting cooperatives to enter rattan products into the international market

b
Cardless payment refers to payments made by the payer via the Internet, mobile Internet, wireless local area network, etc., without the need to read the physical card through the receiving device, to transfer acceptable monetary claims to the payee.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not cardless payments:
A.Xiao Wang is an online shopping expert.In order to facilitate shopping, he opened the "Express Payment" function of Alipay.Enter the seller's Alipay account to complete the transaction.
B.A college has opened the "Campus Card" service.This card can be used as an access card, a library card, or a card at a restaurant or supermarket, which is convenient for teachers and students.
C.Xiaoqian is a senior gamer, who often buys a lot of game equipment with online banking on the game platform
D.The restaurant owner Lao Wu opened WeChat payment.When customers pay for the bill, they only need to scan the QR code on the bill with their mobile phone, and they can use WeChat to pay the corresponding fee.

b
The responsibility dispersion effect, also known as the bystander effect, means that for a certain event, if a single individual is required to complete the task individually, the individual's sense of responsibility will increase.However, if the group is required to complete the task together, each individual in the group will have Responsibility will weaken, and even irresponsibility and responsibilities will not be fulfilled.This effect often happens to many bystanders after an accident.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following situations are not part of the decentralization effect:
A.A man with foaming mouth fell on the street, and Xiaoming thought, "Someone will hit 120"
B.The neighbor's house was on fire, Xiao Wu and other neighbors escaped from the corridor
C.A child was hit by a car in the middle of the road, and passing vehicles were detouring
D.A lady was attacked by a gangster in the downtown area and shouted "help" several times without being rescued.

a
Holding profit or loss refers to the fact that the owner of the asset or liability passively bears the consequences of the price change on the value of the asset or liability due to the asset or liability.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are the holding gains and losses:
A.Xiaowen holds a certain stock, and he receives 30,000 yuan due to the change in stock price
B.The value of assets of a company's production equipment is reduced by 20,000 yuan due to consumption
C.A company discounted (95 yuan) to issue bonds with a face value of 100 yuan, forming a spread of 5 yuan
D.6000 yuan was lost due to mildew during the raw material storage of a unit

a
The over-rate progressive tax rate refers to the division of taxation grades based on the relative ratio of the amount of taxation objects (such as output value profit rate, capital profit rate, sales profit rate, cost profit rate, etc.), and the corresponding differential tax rate is specified respectively.For one step, the excess will be taxed at the higher tax rate.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following items are taxed at progressive rates of excess rates:
A.China's law stipulates that the value-added tax rate of land does not exceed the amount of deducted items; the rate of land value-added tax is greater than the amount of deducted items.
B.The rate of industrial and commercial income tax levied in the early days of the People's Republic of China is divided into 21 levels, and the tax rate for income less than 300 yuan; the tax rate for income over 10,000 yuan
C.The tax rate of China's corporate income tax.Eligible small and meager enterprises are levied at the tax rate; high-tech enterprises that the country needs to support are levied at the tax rate
D.Chinese law provides that the consumption tax rate for liquor, the consumer tax rate for rice wine, and the consumption tax rate for beer

c
which is a great literary work? It must also have a full plot, a detailed description, and be able to place the destiny of the protagonist in the context of the times, and finally show the commonality that has flowed in human blood from generation to generation.
It can be inferred from this:
A.The greatness of a literary work is that it has a full plot
B.Works that focus only on the personal world can also become great literary works
C.Works that do not embody human commonality are not great literary works
D.The works with full plots, detailed descriptions, and the protagonist's fate in the context of the times are great literary works

d
The early universe contained only the lightest elements: hydrogen and helium.Heavier elements, such as carbon, were produced only when stars nucleated, and emitted when the stars exploded, and existed in the subsequently formed gas clouds.Gas clouds contained carbon 4 billion years ago, when there were only stars in the universe no more than 2 billion years old.
It can be inferred from this:
A.The carbon in the gas cloud has since formed part of the star
B.As of now, no star is as old as a gas cloud
C.Gas clouds also contain both hydrogen and helium
D.The formation of carbon in this gas cloud does not exceed 6 billion years

a
Nutrient bowls are generally used for growing cotton in the southern region.However, the use of nutrient bowls for seedlings often encounters problems with grass damage, which seriously inhibits the growth and development of cotton seedlings.Grass damage is caused by only one of the following two reasons: First, it is too late to turn over the newly selected seedbed The remaining weeds left by the plow are propagated; the second is the application of incompletely decomposed fertilizers, and the weed seeds are brought into the seedbed for rapid propagation.Therefore, it is necessary to apply a herbicide before the emergence of cotton after sowing.Lasso cream or Dulles cream can effectively prevent weed damage.
It can be inferred from this:
AIf there is no weed propagation effect, you will not encounter grass damage when using cotton nutrition bowl for seedling
B.Poor application of herbicides after cotton emergence
C.Effective prevention of weed hazards when growing cotton, indicating that one of the two herbicides was selected
D.Cotton seedlings that use cotton nutrient bowls to grow seedlings have poor growth and development, indicating that they have encountered grass problems

d
The composition of the staff of an institute is that all engineers are men, not all engineers are graduate students, and not all graduate students are men.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Some men are not engineers
B.Some male graduate students are engineers
C.Some graduate students are male
D.Some men are not graduate students

a
A student cheating on an exam is discovered by the college's proctor teacher.If the teacher reports the matter to the school, the student will be fired from the school; if the student is fired, the college's year-end assessment will be rejected by a vote.If the teacher does not report the matter Students will cheat on exams.
It can be inferred from this:
A.If the college's year-end assessment is not rejected by one vote, student cheating will become more and more serious.
B.If the college's year-end assessment is rejected by one vote, cheating will not worsen
C.If the student is fired, the teacher has reported the matter to the school
D.If cheating worsens, the student has not been fired

b
Four good friends met for a month of wild life experience in the remote island, and then they had the following dialogue on the event: A: none of us persisted for a month; B: some of us persisted for a month; C: B At least one person in He Ding has not persisted for one month; Ding: I have not persisted for one month.
If two of the four people are telling the truth and two are telling lies, Which of the following is true:
A.The truth is Jia Heding
B.The truth is B and C
C.The truth is A and C
D.The truth is that B and D

c
In a questionnaire survey on citizens' reading habits, the respondents who participated in the survey were 9.0% after the 90s, 36.7% after 80s, 34.2% after the 70s, and 13.3% after the 60s.Interviewers accounted for 0.8%, high school education accounted for 6.9%, college education accounted for 20.7%, college education accounted for 65.7%, master's and postgraduate students accounted for 5.2%, and 0.9% of the respondents were doctoral students.
It can be concluded from the interviewees that there must be:
A.Post-60s with PhD
B.Post-70s with a master's degree
C.Post-80s education
D.Post-90s education

c
Children who have played violent games are more likely to show offensive tendencies when dealing with their peers, such as arguing with their teachers, liking group fights, etc.This effect is universal whether it is reported by their peers, teachers or parents.
If the following options are true, which most weakens the conclusions are:
A.Children playing violent games are mainly boys
B.Violent games allow people to express their tendency to attack in a safe way
C.Children who fight with each other in Central China prefer to play violent games
D.In recent years, despite the increase in sales of violent games, there has been a reduction in actual incidents of child violence

a
For most people, the impression of the Great Wall is majestic, winding, winding, Badaling, Juyongguan, Shanhaiguan, Mutianyu and other scenic spots.But they account for less than the entire Great Wall, and the rest of the Great Wall is mostly submerged in In the wilderness, the protection situation is worrying.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.The ancient Great Wall in remote areas has been stolen
B.Curiosity and challenging explorers tend to climb the Wild Great Wall
C.The relevant laws and regulations protecting the Great Wall lack implementation rules and are difficult to implement
D.The Great Wall in the scenic area is more vulnerable to tourists and cannot be repaired in time.

d
The Chinese government's investment in biotechnology research and development is second only to the United States and ranks second in the world.Some experts believe that if hesitation in promoting the production of GM crops that are safe is not only let us miss the opportunity in international competition, but also It will cause a huge waste of public research and development funds.
Which of the following, if true, cannot challenge the expert's argument?
A.Only a small amount of the Chinese government's investment in biotechnology R & D is used for genetically modified crop research
B.The international competition mainly depends on theoretical innovation, not technical promotion
C.Hurrying to promote incomplete R & D results may cause greater waste of public R & D funds
D.Many countries that oppose the promotion of genetically modified crop production have underinvested in biotechnology R & D

a
Although the main power of society is still in the hands of men, although men's abstract thinking and physical strength are better than women's, more and more psychologists and physiologists have researched that men are more physically and psychologically weaker than women.And there are many pitfalls.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Not all psychologists or physiologists consider men more vulnerable than women
B.Men rely on their abstract thinking and physical strength to control the main power of society
C.In the future society, women will hold the main power of society
D.More and more researchers believe that women do not have flaws

c
If you want your child to grow tall, parents should often hug them, because children who don't feel loved have less secretion of growth hormone.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Parents can promote hugs as a long technique
B.Not often hugging children is a sign of not loving them
C.Some people's psychological feelings can affect their own physiological changes
D.Tall children are more embraced by their parents than short children

b
The genetic information carried by each person's DNA is different.As long as the criminal is a recidivist, as long as he leaves any substance on his body including a hair, a drop of blood, or a bit of dander, the police can pass the identification The genetic information of human DNA immediately determines the identity of the criminal.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Police cannot identify genetic information carried in DNA of the first offender
B.The genetic information carried by the criminal's DNA will not change with the time of the crime
C.Hair and blood on the same person carry different genetic information
D.The identity of the criminal can only be determined immediately based on the genetic information of human DNA

c
Regarding reading, there are two viewpoints: one thinks that a book must be read or die, otherwise, it will become a nerd; the other thinks that instead of becoming a nerd, it is better to simply not read, based on the maxim: If you are reading someone else's work, you are just jockeying the author in your own head."
which of the following can be inferred from the above point of view?
A.Others' books should be read
B.Reading other people's books, over time, they will become nerds
C.People who hold the latter view cannot justify themselves
D.Reading other people's books without creative labor

c
The dragonfly is an ancient insect.There were no wasps, butterflies, and flowers on the earth 300 million years ago, but the dragonfly has already flown around.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Dragonfly is the earliest insect on earth
B.Animals appeared earlier than plants on Earth
C.The earliest dragonfly that appeared on the earth could not fly among flowers
D.There can be no butterflies flying around without flowers

d
Statistics from a country for four consecutive years show that car accidents are 4% higher at other times of daylight saving time than those at other times.These statistics show that the change of time has seriously affected the attention of drivers in a country.
What are the prerequisites for reaching this conclusion?
A.Drivers in this country have the same driving habits as drivers in other countries
B.The observed increase in accident rates is almost always due to an increase in the number of minor accidents
C.Research on the incidence of traffic accidents requires at least five years of observation
D.No other factors such as school holidays and holidays that lead to increased accidents

b
The lightest elements in the primitive universe are hydrogen and helium.Slightly heavier elements such as carbon are only formed in the nuclear reaction of the planet and will be dispersed when the planet explodes.Although the age of the universe does not exceed two billion Years, but recently discovered gas clouds contain carbon elements billions of years ago.
Based on the above views, which of the following is true? ?
A.Primitive planet contains only hydrogen
B.Some planets were formed before the universe reached two billion years of age
C.The carbon in the gas cloud later formed some parts of the planet
D.The planet that determines the time is not the same as the gas cloud

a
Visible light: refers to electromagnetic waves that can cause people's vision.
By definition, which of the following statements is true?
A.In the sky, many celestial bodies emitting infrared and ultraviolet rays cannot be seen with visible light optical telescopes.This shows that infrared rays and ultraviolet rays are not visible light
B.In a dark room where we can't see five fingers, we can't see anything.This does not mean that no visible light stimulates our eyes
C.Observe that a ball is black through a color filter, which indicates that visible light at certain wavelengths causes vision in our eyes
D.When the doctor does X-rays of the patient, he can see the image on the screen.For the doctor, the X-ray is visible light

b
Substitution effect: When the price of an item rises, consumers tend to replace the item that has become more expensive with other items in order to obtain the cheapest satisfaction.
Which of the following are not part of the substitution effect?
A.Coffee prices rise, tea drinkers increase
B.A stock appreciates and many people compete for it
C.Email is cheaper than sending by post, so more people use email
D.The price of hemp raw materials in a textile mill has risen, and cheaper cotton is used for production

c
Intellectual property rights: is a general term for economic and moral rights based on the results of creative intellectual labor in the fields of science, technology, culture and art.
Which of the following items are not intellectual property?
A.Trademark rights
B.Patent rights
C.Right to portrait
D.Copyright

c
Speculative: refers to the purchase of goods for later (or temporary sale) in order to profit from changes in their prices.
According to the above definition, which of the following is speculation?
A.Ten years ago, Lao Zhang contracted 15 acres of orchards in the village that no one wanted, and now he relies on fruit trees to get rich.
B.Xiao Liu recently bought a pair of leather shoes and resold to friends because she didn't like the style
C.Lao Yang bought 2000 shares for 10.03 yuan and sold for 11.00 yuan
D.Mr.Wang bought a house for his own living.After the house price rose, Mr.Wang sold the house to make a profit.

b
Resistance: refers to the ability of a substance to hinder the flow of current.Its size is related to the nature of the material.
By this definition, which of the following is wrong with the following statement?
A.The superconductivity of some materials at low temperatures means that at extremely low temperatures, the ability of the material to prevent current flow becomes smaller, or even zero.
B.Low power loss during high-voltage transmission.It means that the resistance of the conductor is small during high-voltage transmission, and the resistance of the conductor is large during low-voltage transmission.
C.Copper wire has less resistance than iron wire, which does not mean that current flows in copper wire faster than iron wire
D.Replace the filament (tungsten wire) of the incandescent lamp with a copper wire with low resistance, the luminous ability of the bulb is greatly reduced, but the life span is greatly improved

d
Women make up the majority of the country's population, and most of the sedative prescriptions prescribed by doctors are for female patients.However, only drug tests are performed on men to complete the test of the efficacy of these drugs and to calibrate the recommended dosage.Animals are also tested for male toxicity.
Which of the following points supports the following?
A.Some tranquilizers are more suitable for women than men
B.No one has said side effects of tranquilizers prescribed to women
C.The same drug is less toxic to women than to men
D.It is not known whether the recommended dosage of sedatives is suitable for women

d
A beverage manufacturer changed the composition of a famous beverage they produced last year, and at the same time the export value of an island in the Indian Ocean began to decline.The island's only export product, vanilla beans, accounted for more than half of global supply.Therefore, analysts believe that the original ingredients of this famous drink contain vanilla extracted from vanilla beans, but not in the new ingredients.
If the following statement is correct, which of the following is the most powerful way to enhance the inferences of analysts?
A.Another neighboring island begins to plant and produce vanilla beans
B.A laboratory in the United States is developing synthetic vanilla beans
C.Sales of several other best-selling products containing vanilla are also declining
D.The number of vanilla beans imported by the country where the beverage manufacturer is located has decreased

b
Criminal responsibility capacity: The ability of criminals to recognize the nature and social significance of their actions and control their own behaviors when committing crimes.Criminal liability refers to the legal consequences that the subject of the crime must bear for carrying out actions prohibited by criminal law.
Who is criminally responsible in the following situations?
A.A 13-year-old boy fractured his classmate with a fracture
B.Zhang raped the waiter after drinking
C.Lee set the car on fire during a mental illness
D.Drunk driving crashed someone else's car

a
Colds are caused by viruses, bacteria, and dust, rather than the result of cold.In fact, people do not catch colds in cold places.Because viruses are easily frozen to death in cold places, they stay in warm stoves It is easy to make the virus activate and invade our bodies.
Can it be launched from this?
A.If you don't catch cold, you will catch a cold
B.The lower the ambient temperature, the less likely it is to catch a cold
C.Everyone living in a virus-prone environment has a cold
D.Letting the body cool is a reliable way to treat a cold

b
Everyone has a moment of autonomy, which may be fleeting.But a successful person can continue this autonomy for a long time.He occasionally gives in, or even fails; but even if he retreats, he can still hold fast The most basic belief in yourself.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Losers are never autonomous
B.Winners are not people who have never failed
C.Everyone who has really failed can succeed
D.Successful people will never lose their autonomy

b
Elderly people often have some chronic diseases caused by high blood lipids.People's attitudes often go to extremes: one is to ignore them completely and eat as much as they want; the other is to be overly sensitive and completely reject all oil and meat., Imbalance problem.
Based on the above information, can it be inferred?
A.The elderly are generally weak and should pay attention to eating more nutritious food to supplement the body
B.To maintain good health, we must pay attention to the reasonable combination and adjustment of diet."Over" or "less than" are not desirable.
C.Elevated blood lipids in the elderly can easily lead to cardiovascular disease, and eating fatty foods should be avoided
D.As people reach old age, there will inevitably be some chronic diseases that can neither be ignored but not overly concerned

a
There is a poison dart frog in South America whose skin can secrete highly toxic substances.People found that after living in an aquarium for a period of time, they are no longer toxic, and so are their offspring.Feeds on tropical ants, and no such insects breed in aquariums.
Can we know from this?
A.Poison arrow frog toxicity may be caused by food
B.Poison dart frog is most toxic in tropical rain forest animals
C.Poison dart frog heredity
D.When visiting the aquarium, it is better to be careful with poison dart frogs

b
Administrative reconsideration: If an administrative reconsideration is a citizen, legal person or other organization that considers that a specific administrative act or administrative omission of an administrative agency has violated its legitimate rights and interests, it shall file an administrative reconsideration of the act or inaction.
Which of the following are not administrative reconsideration acts:
A.Vegetable market stall owner Wang submitted an application for reconsideration to the Municipal Industry and Commerce Bureau because he did not accept the penalty imposed by the District Industrial and Commercial Bureau.
B.Liu was detained for 15 days for fighting and fighting.After his release, he applied for reconsideration to a higher authority.
C.A food factory whose production license was revoked due to illegal operations, the factory applied to the people's government for reconsideration
D.Zhang was fined 200 yuan for not accepting speeding, and applied for reconsideration to the higher-level public security traffic police department.

d
Trademarks: are used by producers and operators of goods on the goods they produce, manufacture, process, pick, or distribute, or on the services provided by service providers, and distinguish the origin of goods or services by words, graphics or other A combination of signs with distinctive characteristics.
According to this definition, Which of the following are not trademarkable:
A.Text
B.Graphics
C.Three-dimensional logo
D.Sound

b
Knowledge marketing: through effective knowledge dissemination methods and channels, the company's valuable knowledge (including product knowledge, professional research results, business ideas, management ideas and excellent corporate culture) owned by the company is passed to potential users, and gradually Forming awareness of corporate brands and products for the process of ultimately converting potential users into users and various marketing behaviors.
Which of the following behaviors belong to knowledge marketing:
A.A public hospital sent 10 senior doctors to participate in community volunteer medical volunteer activities
B.A securities company organizes a retired elderly class to explain the stock market knowledge for free
C.A famous brand company anonymously donated 10 million yuan for the hope project
D.Liu, who works in a pharmaceutical factory, often discusses with his friends about diet health

c
White light pollution: It is a type of light pollution, which refers to the adverse effects of excessive light on people's vision.For example, smooth metal surfaces, glass curtain walls of buildings in cities, glazed brick walls, polished marble, and various paint and other decorative reflections, Bright and white, dazzling, dazzling, dizzy, upset, diminished appetite, low mood and other physical discomfort.
Which of the following list does not belong to Bai Liang pollution:
A.In summer, the strong reflection of the glass curtain wall enters nearby residential buildings, which increases the indoor temperature and affects normal life.
B.Drivers driving under the scorching sun will be unexpectedly attacked by the reflected light from the glass curtain wall, their eyes are strongly stimulated, and it is easy to cause a car accident.
C.After nightfall, the advertising lights and neon lights on the malls and hotels are dazzling and dazzling
D.In some tourist attractions, many people take photos and take photos, and the flashing flash keeps other tourists upset

a
Urban heat island: refers to the phenomenon that with the rapid expansion of the city, the temperature of the city is significantly higher than that of the surrounding suburbs.On the near-surface atmospheric isotherm map of meteorology, the temperature change in a wide area on the outskirts is small, like a calm sea, The urban area is an obvious high temperature area, like an island protruding from the sea.Because this island represents a high temperature urban area, it is vividly called an "urban heat island".
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following is incorrect:
A.The heat island effect not only changes the climate of the city, but also brings serious pollution, which has become an important factor affecting the environmental quality of the city
B.In general, the larger the city, the denser the population, and the more obvious the heat island effect.
C.The urban heat island effect is related to the "greenhouse effect" produced by motor vehicles, industrial production and crowd activities
D.In the city, adding roads, squares, stadiums and other public facilities will help alleviate the heat island effect

c
Linear: refers to the relationship between the quantity and the quantity in a straight line, which represents regular and smooth movement in space and time.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are linear relationships:
A.Teacher Wang's health deteriorates with age
B.The price of a commodity fluctuates around its value
C.The altitude of the rocket that takes off in a straight line of uniform acceleration gradually increases with the elapsed time
D.When Liu took the test, his heart rate was faster then slower before and after the test.

d
Improper profits: Refers to the benefits gained by others without any legal or contractual basis.The profitee is the debtor and has the obligation to return the improper profits; the injured person is the creditor and enjoys the requested benefit.Right to return improper profits.
According to this definition, Which of the following are unjust gains:
A.Handling fees charged by banks when handling inter-bank deposits and withdrawals
B.Penalty paid by Manager Liu for excess baggage while flying
C.Xiao Zhang won 200 yuan with relatives at home during the Spring Festival
D.Xiaomei, the cashier at the mall, mistakenly found 100 yuan as 10 yuan to customers

c
Enterprise legal person: refers to a social and economic organization that has legal requirements such as the amount of funds, company name, articles of association, organizational structure, and domicile that can meet the requirements of national laws, and can independently bear civil liability; approved by the competent authority and registered as a legal person.
According to this definition, Which of the following are corporate legal persons:
A.A chicken factory built by the villager Zhao alone in the village
D.Mr.Song and his wife contracted clothing sales stalls in the mall
C.A state-owned tractor manufacturer on the verge of bankruptcy
D.Liaison Office of a Multinational Company in China

d
CPPCC proposal: The CPPCC members submit opinions and suggestions to the People's Congress or the People's Government on major national or local policies and social issues through the CPPCC organization in the name of individuals, joint names, or parties and groups.form.
Based on this definition, Which of the following are proposed by the CPPCC:
A.A CPPCC member wrote to the urban construction department about the serious damage to the public pavement of a community and the lack of maintenance for a long time.
B.A professor in the field of transportation science questioned the scientificity of the installation of traffic lights in the city and proposed a corresponding rectification plan to the local CPPCC organization
C.At this year's Provincial People's Congress, some representatives put forward suggestions and opinions on further protecting the legitimate rights and interests of migrant workers in cities.
D.A representative of a city's industrial and commercial federation put forward a proposal to establish a SME service center at the first session of the fifth session of the CPPCC

c
Labor dispute: Refers to the dispute between the laborer and the employer due to the implementation of labor laws, regulations or the performance of labor contracts and collective contracts.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts are labor disputes:
A.Due to dissatisfaction with the quality of the decoration, there is a dispute between the homeowner and the decoration worker
B.Two companies producing the same product dispute over wage differences
C.Workers' disputes with employers due to opposition to non-payment of overtime wages
D.Workers dispute with managers over their leadership style

a
In order to introduce foreign investment to develop the economy, many places in China have provided very favorable conditions.However, foreign companies require absolute control when merging Chinese companies, refuse to accept non-performing assets, and require owning and limiting the original Chinese brands.A machinery manufacturing company was acquired by an American investment group with an 85% stake; a German company acquired a leading oil pump company in China; and a bearing company listed in China's first listed company became a German company after two years of joint venture with a German company.Party's exclusive company.
Which of the following can most logically complete the above discussion:
A.Introduction of foreign capital on preferential terms may harm China's industries
B.The introduction of foreign capital on preferential terms is to introduce advanced technology and management
C.Capital and equity are liquid under market economy conditions
D.The introduction of foreign capital on preferential terms is due to the lack of funds in China

c
A: We still don't know whether the machine can think.Computers can perform very complex tasks, but they lack the flexibility of human intelligence.B: We don't need more complicated computers to know whether machines can think.We humans are machines, we think.
B's response to A is based on a new understanding of which word:
A.Computer
B.know
C.Machine
D.Complex

d
The main purpose of physical education classes in schools is to make students physically fit.Physical education classes should focus on aerobic exercises, which can promote the health of participants more than group sports, and in fact only a small number of students participate in group sports .
If the above views are correct, the author will most effectively oppose one of the following:
A.Physical training programs used in schools to encourage healthy habits for life
B.Young students should participate in community sports teams
C.School relies too much on aerobic exercise programs to help all children become healthy
D.Most school physical education classes are used for group sports

d
Only when the purchase price of a flower shop is lower than the normal price, can the flower be sold at a price lower than the market to make a profit; unless the flower shop has a large sales volume, you cannot buy flowers from the flower farmer that are lower than the normal price.In order to have a large sales volume, the flower shop must satisfy consumers' personal interests or have exclusive sales rights for specific varieties.
If the above assertion is true, which of the following must be true?
A.If the florist buys flowers below the normal price from the florist, then it will make a profit to sell flowers at a price below the market
B.If the florist does not make a profit by selling flowers below the market price, then he must not have purchased flowers from the flower farmer below the normal price
C.The flower shop not only meets the personal interests of consumers, but also has exclusive sales rights for specific varieties, but still cannot profit from selling flowers at prices below the market
D.If the flower shop makes a profit by selling flowers below the market price, the purchase price must be lower than the normal price

b
There are many books on the book market today, such as the Top Ten Tips for Success, and publishers have stated in their marketing that these books will actually help readers achieve outstanding success.In fact, almost everyone knows that excellence The success of is destined to belong to only a few people, and it is impossible for people to become one of this minority through books.Based on this, the above-mentioned exaggeration and even false propaganda made by publishers on purpose cannot be considered immoral.Take a step back, even Some people believe the publisher's false propaganda, but as long as reading such books does more good than harm in his success, it cannot be considered immoral to do such publicity.
Which of the following assertions best fits the above argument:
A.It is immoral to deliberately make this false propaganda only if the false propaganda does not have the positive effect of "scratching right".
B.It is immoral to deliberately do this kind of propaganda only when people are deceived and victimized
C.If deliberately doing false propaganda is to profit by harming the deceived, then deliberately doing this false propaganda is unethical
D.It is immoral to deliberately make such false publicity only when the number of those who are deceived by false publicity exceeds those who are not deceived.

b
"Clothing, eating, living, and doing" are the top priorities for ordinary people.However, "clothing" has been replaced by "doctors" in hospitals over the years.Expensive medical treatment and difficult medical treatment have become one of the hot issues in society.Therefore, we must Promote rapid reform of the medical system.
A question most relevant to the above argument is:
A.The role of drug sellers in bribery and the role of doctors in receiving red envelopes in seeing a doctor
B.which is the most fundamental cause of expensive and difficult medical treatment?
C.How much insufficient government funding has contributed to rising medical prices
D.How much affordable hospitals play in curbing medical prices

a
As the interest rate on mortgage loans is decreasing, consumers are waiting to see how low the interest rate will be.Therefore, the number of new homes sold in January has dropped sharply.At the same time that sales have fallen sharply, the average price of new homes sold has surged.
Which of the following, if true, best explains the surge in the average price of a new house:
A.Sales of higher-priced houses are not affected by the decline in sales, as their buyers are less limited by the total amount paid
B.Labor agreement between builders and building unions expires next January
C.The price of new homes has been rising slowly over the past three years, and the severity of the housing shortage has increased
D.More homeowners sold their mid-priced homes again in January than in the previous three months

d
A city held a student football match.After the first round of elimination, the six teams that entered the second round were of equal strength, but they could always compete.In the games already played, Team A defeated Team B, Team B defeated Team C.Tomorrow, Team A and Team C will play.
Please logically predict the outcome of the game based on the problem:
A.Team A will definitely win
B.Team C will definitely win
C.The two teams will draw a draw
D.Team A is likely to win, but it is also possible to lose

b
The survey shows that China's book reading rate has declined for 6 consecutive years, and the national book reading rate in 2005 was below 50% for the first time.At the same time, the learning enthusiasm of the Chinese public continued to rise.
Which of the following, if true, can explain the contradiction:
A."No time to read" is the main reason for the decline in book reading rates
B.China ’s national online reading rate increased from 3.7% in 1999 to 27.8% in 2005
C.In recent years, there have been problems such as high book prices, tedious content, and excessive hype in book publishing in China.
D.You can learn a lot by listening to lectures

d
If the key is not lost in the dormitory, it must be lost in the office or corridor or on the street, and because the door locked with it when opening the dormitory,
If I lost it in the office or corridor, there will be a lost property notice.I haven't seen the notice now.
A.Lost the keys in the dormitory
B.Lost the keys in the office
C.Throwing keys in the hallway
D.The keys were lost on the street

d
Because juveniles should not smoke, the proposal to ban the sale of cigarettes to juveniles is very reasonable.However, the ban on the use of automatic vending machines is like setting up roadblocks on traffic lanes to block 100 drivers, just to arrest one Undocumented drivers, roadblocks are not just for those who violate the law, but for everyone.
Which of the following answers can help us correctly evaluate the ban proposed above, that is, the objection to the prohibition on the use of self-propelled cigarette machines?
A.Are vending machines more error-prone than other vending machines?
B.Is there currently a law prohibiting the sale of adult-only items to young people
C.Can raising cigarette sales taxes prevent teens from buying cigarettes
D.Does the ban on the installation of automatic vending machines cause inconvenience to many adult smokers

a
Many enterprises in China lack the due "network awareness", do not know how to use the Internet to carry out business activities, and do not know how to protect their legitimate rights and interests by registering domain names.A recent survey by the China Internet News on 1,000 companies ’domain name registration work showed Only 30% of companies have registered domain names.
Which of the following, if true, can best weaken the above argument?
A.There are many unregistered companies registered in the country
B.Some businesses don't know how to register a web domain name
C.Companies that do not register domain names do not necessarily have sound, keen "network awareness"
D.Registering a domain name is currently too cumbersome and the fees are high, many companies consider it uneconomical

b
"Prairie Restaurant" is a well-known old-fashioned restaurant on the prairie, but it has some unwritten "rules".If "Prairie Restaurant" sells both red mutton and mutton soup on a certain day, then it must also sell Roasted whole lamb; the restaurant never sells roasted whole lamb on Sunday; ...people are familiar with these "rules" and are accustomed to it.In addition, we also know that only when selling red mutton lamb, boss Wang would go to "Prairie Restaurant" .
If the above conclusion is true, then which of the following must also be true?
A.Sunday boss will not go to "Prairie Restaurant" to eat
B.If "Prairie Restaurant" sells red mutton lamb on Sunday, then it must not sell mutton soup on that day
C."Prairie Restaurant" does not sell mutton soup on Sunday
D."Prairie Restaurant" does not sell red mutton only Sunday

b
The drug inspection bureau compared the efficacy of five anti-inflammatory drugs with the following results: A and B have the same effect; C is more effective than A; D has the largest side effects; and E has the worst effect.
therefore?
A.C is most effective
B.Ding is better than pentan
C.A side effect greater than that of E
D.A and B have the same side effects

b
Koreans love sauerkraut, Luo Yi loves sauerkraut, so Luo Yi is Korean.
Can the above reasoning be ridiculous?
A.All the people of Akent are lying, Tom is an Akent, so Tom is lying
B.Walking animals have legs, so tables can walk
C.Snow Village loves Cuihua, Cuihua loves sauerkraut, so Snow Village loves sauerkraut
D.All gold is shining, so some shiny is gold

d
The choice of profession is very important to the success of a person's career.In recent years, many people believe that "learning computer programming will have a bright future." In fact, this view is similar to the following view that was popular a few years ago: "learning law "Most likely to achieve career success." And now law graduates are clearly oversupplied.
From the above information, which conclusion can be inferred?
A.As computers will be used more and more at work, law graduates will also need to learn computer programming
B.Computer programmers will increasingly need the services of lawyers
C.Large demand for lawyers will soon appear in the market
D.The number of graduates studying computer programming will soon exceed market demand

d
Transfer income and expenditure: refers to the income and expenditure due to social obligations, such as financial subsidies, etc.It has a factor of distribution on demand to a large extent.
Based on the above definitions, aren't the following statements transferring income?
A.Pension for a family member of a police officer who died as a result of apprehending drug dealers
B.An old man retired at home receives a certain amount of living expenses from his son every month
C.Goods donated to the people in the disaster area by the freezing disaster
D.A victim who was injured by a gangster demanded compensation from the gangster

c
Resource use efficiency refers to creating a large output with a certain input within the scope of society, or obtaining a certain output with a minimum of inputs.
Which of the following options are not conducive to improving the efficiency of resource use:
A.Use the best methods or techniques for each resource's use and processing to maximize its availability
B.Adopting the best organizational form or structural arrangement, matching various resources according to their functional characteristics to maximize the joint production capacity of various resources
C.To improve the efficiency of resource use, adopt an absolutely fair income distribution system
D.Don't waste every resource, put every resource to the best use

c
Residents' consumption refers to the total value of materials and labor service products consumed directly for residents, including material consumption such as food and clothing in personal life, and various labor consumption.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is the following for household consumption?
A.Raw materials purchased by the company
B.Government purchase of book instruments
C.Stationery purchased by families
D.Cultural and educational supplies purchased by schools

d
Institutional units are entities that can own resources, assume liabilities, engage in economic activities, and conduct economic transactions with other units.
According to the above definitions, which of the following are institutional units?
A.Subsidiary factory of an enterprise
B.Student cafeteria owned by a college
C.A department managed by Peking Union Medical College Hospital
D.Changsha Huanghua Airport

c
A typical survey refers to a survey method that only collects information on typical units.A typical unit refers to a unit that has outstanding characteristics in the phenomenon being analyzed and researched.It can be an unit with extreme signs; it can also be the most common unit, which is the representative of ordinary units The general situation and characteristics of overall development can be studied through typical surveys.
Of the following options, which of the following is a typical survey?
A.In the survey of the summary of work performance experience of a unit, the employees who consciously select the first and last sales performance for the survey
B.In the monthly living expenses expenditure survey of school students in a school, randomly selected.I00 school students conducted a questionnaire survey
C.In the survey of industrial production of a city, select a few large enterprises with good business performance and enterprise profits accounting for a large proportion of all industrial enterprises
D.In the survey of industrial production equipment in a city, investigate each production equipment of all industrial enterprises

a
Seasonal changes refer to the regular changes in socio-economic phenomena as the season of the year changes.
According to the above definition, which of the following is seasonal changes?
A.Electricity consumption is highest in summer than in other seasons
B.General floods in the second year after a freezing disaster
C.Rich Snow Mega Year
D.CPI index continues to rise

a
Direct regulation refers to the use of resources in the hands of the government to directly regulate and control economic operations with administrative methods in order to achieve the government's will.
Which of the following options is not a direct control method?
A.Spontaneous regulation of market supply and demand of commodity housing prices
B.Limits on bank loans
C.Housing allocation by administrative rationing
D.Quantitative supply of oversupply materials

b
Other deposit-taking companies refer to all deposit-taking companies except the central bank, which mainly conduct activities such as absorbing deposits, issuing loans, and creating deposits.China calls them deposit currency banks.
Which of the following options does not belong to other depository companies?
A.City Commercial Bank
B.Insurance companies
C.Postal Savings and Remittance Bureau
D.Urban Credit Cooperatives

c
End products are products and services produced within a certain period of time and purchased by their end users.End products are used for end use.They are different from intermediate products used for resale for the production of a product.
Which of the following is correct about the final product?
A.A green project, the intermediate product is the planted trees, and the final product is the improved environmental quality
B.The flour produced by the flour mill is donated to the people in the disaster-stricken areas.The flour here is the final product.
C.Bread produced by the bakery is sold to residents, where the bread is the final product
D.All of the above are correct

d
Intuitive thinking refers to thinking in which behavioral steps and thinking processes are unclear and unclear, and directly and quickly make certain conjectures, assumptions or judgments on certain phenomena or problems.
Which of the following is typical of intuitive thinking?
A.Public security criminal police analyzes the case based on the collected evidence.
B.Military commanders make military decisions based on scout intelligence information.
C.Solve the exam problems based on what you have learned.
D.The doctor quickly diagnoses the disease based on the patient's oral materials.

d
Sensation refers to the reflection of the basic attributes of objective things produced by objective stimuli acting on sensory organs through the information processing activities of the brain.As the primary stage of the cognitive process, perception provides the most basic raw materials for perception and other complex cognitive processes.The types of sensations can be divided into two categories: external sensations and internal sensations according to the source of their information.External sensations include vision, hearing, taste, smell, and skin sensation.Internal sensations reflect the state of the body itself, including movement, balance and body.feel.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following statements are felt:
A.After Xiaoming came home from school, he saw a plate of braised pork on the table.
B.Xiaoming came home from school and heard that a very nice song was playing on the radio
C.After Xiaoming came home from school, he felt that his room had just been cleaned by his mother
D.After school returns home from school, it feels very cold

b
Apparent agency refers to the fact that the agent does not have the agency right, and the contract is concluded in the name of the principal after the agency authority is over or terminated, and the counterparty has reason to believe that the agent has agency authority, and the agency behavior is effective.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following agents are:
A.A entrusts B to go to the C factory to purchase men's clothing.B thinks that the women's clothing market produced by C is optimistic, and he makes his own claim to order from C in the name of C.C does not ask B's agency authority and enters into a sales contract with it.
B.A is the salesperson of Enterprise B.He carries a blank contract with the official seal of Enterprise B with him, which is convenient for signing an external contract at any time.Hou A was removed from Enterprise B for receiving a rebate, but the blank contract was not recovered.A.With this contract and C-Signed Subscription Agreement
C.After A accidentally picks up B's passbook, he borrows his ID from B and picks up cash at the bank.
D.A was a staff member of a tax office.After he resigned, he still wore a uniform to collect taxes on the market.

c
An affiliated enterprise refers to an economic organization composed of two or more corporate or institutional legal persons of the same or different ownerships, based on the principles of voluntariness, equality, and mutual benefit.
Which of the following are affiliated companies:
A.After negotiation, a foreign-funded enterprise and a state-owned enterprise jointly invested to build ten hope primary schools in a mountainous area.
B.A well-known company cooperates with a discipline leader of a key university to set up a high-tech company focusing on research and development
C.Company A is a high-tech enterprise jointly established by Company B and Company C.Recently, Company A and Company B invested together to form a foreign trade enterprise.
D.Zhang is the legal representative of a state-owned enterprise.Recently, he and a technology company jointly invested and established a trading company.

c
A city implements the "4050" project, which aims to tailor jobs for people in this city who are over 40 years old and men over 50 years old who have difficulty re-employing after being laid off, using market-oriented and socialized operating mechanisms.To promote their employment.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following can apply for 4050 project employment opportunities:
A.Zhang is a Henan native working in this city.Because he is over 50 years old and cannot find a job, he goes to the 4050 project to apply for employment.
B.Liu has not been working in the city.When she heard this employment policy, she went to the 4050 project to apply for employment.
C.In 1990, after being laid off from a factory in Shanghai, 30-year-old Auntie Liu set up a shoe repair stall.Due to bad business, she did not do it last year.She is idle at home now.
After retiring from a middle school, Mr.Zhang, due to his good health, looks like he is only about forty years old.He feels that he has nothing to do at home, so he applies for reemployment at 4050.

c
Xiao Ming forgot the day of the week today, so he asked O, P, Q.O replied: "I also forgot the day of the week today, but you can ask P and Q." P replied: "Yesterday It ’s my day to lie."Q ’s answer is the same as P.Known: ① O never lied; ② P lied on three days Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and told the truth the rest; ③ Q on Thursday, Friday, Saturday Lie for three days, and tell the truth the rest.
According to the above conditions, what day is today?
A.Monday
B.Tuesday
C.Thursday
D.Sunday

c
A survey report shows that in the ranking of children's accidental injuries, 39.85% of them are living rooms and bedrooms, ranking first, followed by kindergartens with 37.41%, and public places and entertainment venues with 22.74%.Some experts believe that children are injured.The number one killer is "Home".
Which of the following options can most weaken the above conclusions:
A.Surveys show that in many cases child injuries are caused by inexperienced young parents
B.According to the investigation, most of the accidental deaths were in public places and entertainment places
C.Statistics show that children spend more than 50% of their time in the living room and bedroom
D.This survey was conducted for children aged 3 to 6 years

c
A.B, and C.They have lawyers, doctors, and teachers.They are known: 1.C earns more than teachers; 2.A earns differently from doctors; 3.Doctors earn less than B.
According to the above conditions, Which of the following persons who judge the identity of the three persons are correct:
A.A is a lawyer, B is a teacher, and C is a doctor
B.A is a teacher, B is a doctor, and C is a lawyer
C.A is a teacher, B is a lawyer, and C is a doctor
D.A is a lawyer, B is a doctor, and C is a teacher

d
Some people have suggested to a city government that a sprinkler that fires automatically in the event of a fire should be installed in all newly built houses.However, a real estate developer believes that since 90% of the houses' fires were extinguished by family members, they were installed indoors.Automatic sprinklers have little meaning for fire fighting.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the views of real estate developers?
A.most people don't have formal training in fire fighting skills.
B, it is much cheaper to install a smoke detector in a home than a sprinkler.
C, the time for the city's fire brigade to the fire scene is shorter than the national average.
D, most of the property damage caused by the fire in the house was because family members were not present at the time of the fire.

a
"Innovation", as a strict economic concept, specifically refers to the behavior of enterprises to obtain profits with new products, new services, new markets, new management and business models.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following innovations that are not in the concept of economics are:
A.Deep dive core technology of the "Jiaolong" man-made submersible
B.A vegetable farmer sells vegetables in his greenhouse online
C.A new model of "three innovations and three advances" for a supply and marketing cooperative serving agriculture
D.Jack Ma's "Taobao" under Alibaba

d
Antipolitical politics refers to a political attitude, a negation of totalitarian politics.The basic idea is not to treat politics as a technology about power and manipulation, nor to treat politics as a rule about controlling humanity Or useful art, but instead see politics as a way to seek and achieve a meaningful life.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are most anti-political politics:
A.Outstanding politicians are philosophers
B.Countries of different populations should be established according to cultural traditions
C.States should seek common ground while shelving differences
D.The fundamental purpose of politics is to pursue human harmony and comprehensive development

c
According to the different attitudes towards the organization, the public can be divided into compliant public, defiant public and independent public.Compliant public refers to the public who appreciate and support the organization's policies and behaviors; A public with negative or opposing policies and behaviors; an independent public refers to a public with an intermediate attitude to the policies and behaviors of the organization.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following belong to the public:
A.Contracting party with unilateral breach
B.Some lawbreakers in society
C.Employees who purchase shares in the company
D.Students who are motivated to study

b
Migration-type belongingness refers to the psychological satisfaction and security generated by an individual due to the movement of space or joining a new group.
According to the above definition, Which of the following belong to the sense of migrating belonging:
A.After Pharaoh came to Guangzhou to work, his income and living standards have greatly improved.
B.Since joining the party, Xiao Li feels responsible, but also full of hope for the future of society
C.After Liu emigrated overseas, she gained a foothold in her fierce competition for talents with her knowledge
D.Xiaoli is married to Xiaojiang.After marriage, Xiaoli feels that the family is harmonious and her life is happy.

b
Self-esteem refers to individuals who consider certain characteristics, character qualities, and theoretical perspectives that are not their own, or imitate certain groups they worship, on the one hand, they can satisfy self-esteem and increase their sense of value; on the other hand, they can reduce anxiety.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are the most consistent:
A.Kobayashi's brother was admitted to the university, and Kobayashi was very envious.He resigned from the factory and was preparing to take the college entrance examination for the coming year.I look forward to seeing him like his brother.
B.Xiao Zhang is new to school and is not adapting to the environment.He always finds a way to discuss the successful experience with the senior figures in the school, and then transfer it to his study and life.
C .: Xiaomei is a star chaser, she always buys the most expensive ticket and sits in the front row at each concert, waves with the rhythm of the music, and often comes to the stage to present flowers
D.In order to inherit the family business, Xiaofeng University became the chairman of the family business without graduating.

d
The crime of sabotaging traffic facilities refers to the deliberate destruction of tracks, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, waterways, lighthouses, signs, or other destructive activities that are in use or have been delivered, causing the overturning of trains, cars, trams, ships, and aircraft , Destroy dangerous behaviors that are sufficient to endanger public safety.
According to the above definition, Which of the following acts do not constitute crimes of damaging transportation facilities:
A.In order to obtain economic benefits, Lee and Wang steal traffic barriers, guide signs, and traffic lights at multiple intersections in a city and sell them.
B.Zhang lost his business because of the flight delay.When he was angry, he rushed into the airport runway and broke the airport runway indicator.
C.Sun was worried about being laid off.After planning, with the help of his fellow townmen, he unloaded the pair of rails without permission, and then stopped the train himself to create the illusion of meritorious performance.
D.Xiao Yan is an engineer of a construction engineering group.Due to labor conflicts with the company, he intentionally used inferior cement materials in the construction process of the bridge and secretly reduced the load-bearing capacity of the bridge.

c
Self-awareness is the awareness of one's physical and mental activities, that is, the recognition of oneself, including the recognition of one's physical condition (such as height, weight, posture, etc.), psychological characteristics (such as interest, ability, temperament, personality, etc.) and oneself and others Relationships (such as your relationship with people around you, your position and role in the collective, etc.).
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not self-conscious:
A.Xiao Wang feels that he has few friends in the unit
B.Xiao Zhang feels outgoing
C.Xiao Huang thinks he is not suitable for business
D.Xiao Li thinks she is overweight

c
The so-called hungry marketing refers to the marketing method that the merchandise seller intentionally reduces the sales volume in order to achieve the regulation of supply and demand, create the illusion of oversupply, and maintain a higher price and profit rate of the product.Hungry marketing can also achieve the maintenance of brand image and increase the added value of products the goal of.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are used by hunger marketing:
A.Merchants discount sales of seasonal products
B.When a real estate agent launches a new property, the price is intentionally increased
C.A mobile phone brand has a limited sale on the first day of launching a new product
D.A hospital stipulates that the number of registered outpatients for experts is limited to 30 people per day

a
Phobia refers to the patient's continuous and irrational fear of a particular object, activity or situation.This fear is exaggerated and irrational relative to the actual threat.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as phobias:
A.Zhao Liang's boss has a bad temper.Zhao Liang is nervous and scared every time he talks to him.
B.Zhang Wei is particularly afraid of spiders, and screams every time he sees a non-toxic spider
C.Liu Hong was afraid to go to the mall, she was worried that she would suddenly fall like last time
D.Wang Ming is very scared every time he takes the elevator, worried that the elevator door won't open

a
The researchers carried out experiments on 40 college students.They asked these students to memorize English words corresponding to Swahili.There were ten groups, each with ten pairs of vocabulary, and after each group was learned, participants were given a recall test, a test Each time they make a mistake, they will see one of two pictures.One is a picture that can generate negative emotions, such as a gun pointing at themselves.The other is a normal picture, such as a chair or A blank image.Then they performed an additional one-minute experiment on them to clear the effect of short-term memory.Finally, they tested the memory of the hundred pairs of vocabulary.The test results showed that the students who got the best scores were watching before Pictures that have a negative effect.Therefore, researchers believe that negative emotions help improve memory.
Which of the following, if true, could explain this phenomenon?
A.When looking at pictures with negative effects, the brain is still processing memory information
B.Some of the 40 college students who have studied Swahili
C.Pictures that can trigger negative emotions are more likely to make people remember
D.People have difficulty concentrating when their mood is unstable

b
The early industrialized countries powered by mechanization and electrification experienced a long accumulation process and consumed a lot of mineral resources, as was the case in the United Kingdom and France.With mechanization, electrification, electronics and informationization as "comprehensive power", Emerging industrialized countries and regions with "world factories" as their main features have achieved industrialization by rapidly consuming energy and raw materials in only half or less of the time and consuming half of the per capita resources of the first-mover countries.This is the case in Japan and South Korea.This shows that electronicization and informatization can enable late-developing countries to consume less resources per capita and achieve leapfrog development.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.First-mover countries can also rely on knowledge and technological innovation to develop the economy and support social progress and sustainable economic development.
B.Early exploration experience in early-developed countries avoids most of the resource consumption in later-developed countries
C.Unlike traditional society, people in modern society have many other needs in addition to basic living needs, so the consumption of natural resources has also greatly increased.
D.Technological progress generally comes from the first-mover countries, which itself is achieved on the basis of consuming large amounts of energy

c
Researchers wanted to understand what kind of strangers babies are afraid of, and conducted experiments on babies from 7 to 19 months of age.The experiments showed that babies showed positive, mild responses to strange children, but were more afraid of strange adults, and distance The nearer the negative emotions, the greater the negative emotions.In further experiments, the researchers allowed these babies to be with strange adults, dwarfs, and children, and found that the babies were more afraid of strange adults than dwarfs.
Which of the following, if true, would most undermine the findings?
A.Babies are less afraid of dwarfs than strange adults
B.Babies' response to strange children also changes with relative distance
C.Babies' response to strangers is more susceptible to stranger gender
D.Older infants are less afraid of strange adults than younger infants

b
Statistics show that the domestic automobile sales in September totaled around 1.6 million units, ending the record of 7 consecutive months of positive year-on-year growth.The production and sales of Japanese cars have fallen sharply, falling by about 40% at the same time.In contrast, independent brands account for about 42.7% of total passenger vehicle sales, which is the second highest sales record this year.Therefore, relevant experts judge that the sales of independent brand vehicles will enter a period of rapid growth.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.In September, a Japanese brand car was exposed to quality problems, affecting the overall sales of Japanese cars
B.In the fourth quarter, the sales of self-owned brand cars are still higher than those of other brands, and continue to grow
C.In September, in addition to Japanese cars, German and American cars were not as good as their own brand cars.
D.Car sales statistics do not include unlicensed cars, and there are a large number of unlicensed cars

b
A bag of incense money was lost in the temple.The abbot found three young monks, A.B, and C, and asked each of them.A said, "I didn't steal it." B said, "A stole." C said: " I didn't steal it."Ding, who was on the side, understood the truth and said," Only one of the three of you stole, and only one of them was right."
who among the three of them stole incense money?
A.B
B.C
C.Did not steal
D.A

c
In recent years, as tourism adventures have become more and more popular among some people, the resulting rescue operations have also become more and more.Should public resources be used to rescue deliberately dangerous tourist explorers? Should these fees be charged? It has become the topic that everyone is most concerned about.The square believes that it should be charged; the opposite believes that it should not be charged.
If the following items are true, which cannot support the square view are:
A.A rational citizen should be responsible for his actions; otherwise, it is unfair to other taxpayers
B.Establishing a professional rescue system requires certain funding
C.Rescuing people in distress is an obligation of government departments, and simple fees do not help adventurers build a sense of social responsibility
D.Tourist explorers enter unsafe areas illegally, wasting social resources and taxpayers' money, and should bear the corresponding costs

b
Chinese writer Mo Yan won the Nobel Prize for Literature with works such as "Breasts and Buttocks" and "Frog".He combined "magic realism and folk tales, history and contemporary society together." After winning the prize, his collection was domestic Many cities have been snapped up and become the best-selling books in the recent past, and then they have started to move out of China and into the world, and are highly sought after by foreign readers.
From this we can infer:
A.Nobel Prize for Literature is a yardstick for judging the pros and cons of literary works
B.The review results of Nobel Prizes are particularly valued by readers at home and abroad
C.More and more readers like the literary theme of magic realism
D.More and more foreign writers are interested in Chinese culture

d
The effect of the state's regulation and control policies on the real estate market is showing.First, the number of cities in which second-hand housing prices have fallen has increased significantly, indicating that under the effect of a series of macro-control policies, house price growth has entered the "slow lane".It can be seen that the purchase restriction order The tightening of bank credit and the real estate market have restrained both supply and demand.
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the above conclusion?
A.Macro-control policies are well implemented
B.A building was ordered out on the day it was opened
C.Significant decrease in loan applications received by banks
D.Real estate investment trends are still strengthening

a
Preschool children underestimate the thinking of conscious people, and overestimate the thinking of unconscious people, and even when an adult is obviously thinking, they also think that this person is not thinking; they seem to think about themselves or others, They don't know much, and at the same time they overestimate the self-awareness and determination of a sleeping person.
The premise of the above argument is:
A.Adults' judgment of human thinking is more reasonable
B.Premature children's judgment is less mature and stable
C.The thinking ability of a sleeping person is not easy to understand
D.Preschool children are also actively making psychological judgments

a
Researchers put mice in a labyrinth space to observe their stress behavior patterns.They found that in open and bright places, mice felt stressed and panicked and tried to escape; through drugs or After genetically inhibiting the function of the mouse amygdala to produce a certain protein, they will no longer have similar stress behavior patterns in the same area.The researchers concluded that the activity of this protein determines the mice's resistance to The ability to stress, which in turn determines its stress behavior pattern.
From this we can infer:
A.If the mouse is panicking in an open, brightly lit place, its function of producing this protein in the amygdala of the brain is not inhibited
B.If the mouse is not disturbed in an open, brightly lit place, its function of producing this protein in the amygdala of the brain is inhibited
C.Only when the function of producing this protein in the amygdala of the mouse is inhibited, the mouse will not be disturbed in the open and bright place
D.If the function of the mouse's amygdala to produce this protein is not inhibited, the mouse will panic in the open and bright place

b
The subtext was originally a drama word, which refers to the opinions actually included in the lines but not explicitly stated.After the so-called off-topic, the meaning is beyond the meaning.The rich sub-texts can often make the performance more intriguing.
According to the above definition, which expression contains typical subtexts?
A.The history teacher said in the lecture: China is a land of treasures, a state of etiquette
B.The offending driver said to the traffic police: I have an urgent matter and didn't see the traffic signs clearly
C.Judge: sentenced defendant to ten years in prison
D.Weather forecaster on TV said: Today's highest temperature is 24 degrees Celsius, cloudy

d
The principle of inverse rights refers to the reason that the person exercising the right must be finally obtained within the scope of the implementation of the right, and the person with the least right is the first to get the most effective reason.Seven people fish together every day.In the premise of lack of measuring tools ,
Which of the following distribution methods conforms to the inverse rights principle?
A.Decide who will be assigned and the order of withdrawal by lot
B.The oldest of the seven is divided into seven parts, and the youngest is assigned to each person
C.Establishment of distribution committee and democratic supervision committee, both parties are jointly responsible for distribution plan
D.The person responsible for dividing into seven takes the one that belongs to him

a
The evolution of ordinary civil disputes into violent crimes, and finally the introduction of national coercive force to finally resolve the disputes has become a funnel effect of disputes.
According to the above definitions,which of the following are not part of the funnel effect:
A.Xiao Zhao has always suspected that his wife is having an affair after marriage.Recently, his wife joined the new company.Xiao Zhao began to suspect that his wife had an affair with his boss.
B.Zhang had several conflicts with his neighbor Li because of the cultivated land problem.After many parties' mediation failed, Zhang was sentenced to imprisonment for assaulting Li's mother for the last time in the conflict.
C.Xiao Wang once loaned 30,000 to Xiao Zhang and signed a loan agreement, but Xiao Zhang did not repay and maliciously defaulted after the due date.Xiao Wang tried to communicate many times but Xiao Zhang always refused, Xiao Wang beat Xiao Zhang Seriously injured and sentenced to prison
D.The Tian family was dissatisfied because the road at the door was occupied by the Liu family for a long time.The two people once went to the village committee for theory, and there have been many physical conflicts, but the contradictions have not yet been resolved.Finally, the parents and children were sentenced to prison by driving into the Liu family's house

a
Ecological compensation refers to charging the environment that damages resources to increase the cost of behaviors, thereby urging the main body of damages to reduce behaviors that bring external diseconomy and achieve the purpose of protecting resources and the environment.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are ecological compensation:
A.Spitting in public places such as train stations, and littering pedestrians are usually stopped by the staff and fined
B.In order to prevent someone from nomadic, the management department stipulates that if anyone violates, it will inform its work unit.
C.Various taxes and fees paid by a government with a large passenger transport company to repair national roads with worrying road conditions
D.In order to repair the damage to the green vegetation in the scenic area due to too many tourists, the scenic tourism area in a certain area has increased the ticket price

c
A nuclear family is a family of two generations, a couple and their children, who usually do not live with other relatives.
According to the above definition, Which of the following belong to the nuclear family:
A.Ms.Zhang's mother died early.When she saw her father was living alone, she took him to her home and lived together so that she could take care of her father in all aspects.
B.Mr.Wang and Mrs.Wang are busy with their careers.Both parents are not around.The only son is studying high school.No one in the family usually does housework.They have to hire a part-time worker to take care of their daily life.
C.Manager Li's family is strong.Although his son has married his daughter-in-law, he still lives with them.Manager Li is also happy that they continue to be "old."
D.After Mrs.Liu's only daughter got married, Mrs.Liu lived with her husband; after her husband died, he passed away by himself and did not want to live with his daughter-in-law.

c
T-type talent refers to a new type of talent distinguished by the structure of knowledge.The letter "T" is used to indicate the characteristics of their knowledge structure."One" means a broad knowledge plane, and "丨" means the depth of knowledge, both The combination of both deep professional knowledge and broad knowledge, such "deep" and "broad" talents, not only have a relatively broad general knowledge in the horizontal, but also in the vertical Expertise with deep understanding and unique insights.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are not T-type talents:
A.Nobel Laureate in Chemistry, Milano Gell, received 15 honorary doctorates in his lifetime, and pioneered new disciplines such as particle physics, surface chemistry, etc., knowing more than 70 years old and the invention of technology
B.Zhao, the newly appointed CFO of a multinational company in China, speaks four languages, and his colleagues have a PhD in economics and a bachelor of law, and have worked in Asia
C.Mr.Wang, who works in colleges and universities, graduated from the Department of Economics and then pursued a PhD in mathematics.He is currently engaged in the research and teaching of quantitative economics, and has a deep knowledge in this research direction.
D.The study of Aristotle, a famous ancient Greek philosopher, also involved physics, poetry, music, biology, logic, politics, and ethics.

d
The flywheel effect refers to the rotation of a stationary flywheel.At the beginning, you must make a lot of effort, pushing repeatedly in a circle, each cycle is very laborious, but the effort of each circle will not be wasted.The flywheel will rotate faster and faster, and after reaching a certain critical point, the gravity and impulse of the flywheel will become a part of the driving force.At this time, you don't need to exert more effort, the flywheel will still rotate quickly, and it will stop Rotation, a phenomenon similar to this is called the flywheel effect.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the flywheel effect?
A.An ant finds a large piece of bread, and it can't move at first; soon, another ant comes, still can't move; three, four, the fifth part ...Finally, the bread was swarmed by a group of ants.Moved home
B.In order to keep the various departments of the company always active, a company will transfer one employee from each department and add another employee every year
C.The research team randomly selected a number of students from the list of students in a class and did not perform any tests.However, they told the school that the tests showed that these students were highly talented, but they had not yet shown.Interestingly, the final exam results of these students Indeed higher than other students
D.A manufacturer has developed a new type of camera, and its promotional advertisements are broadcast again and again at different time periods on the TV station.When it reaches a certain level of popularity, the product finally has a wide range of routes.At this time, it only needs to broadcast advertisements during prime time.Keep sales

c
Impression management refers to an individual's efforts to present himself in front of others in order to form a positive, positive impression of himself on others.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of impression management:
A.At the academic symposium, Professor Zhang was full of eloquence and quotations, which attracted everyone's attention and appreciation.
B.The school held a mountaineering competition, and the sports committee member Wang took the lead and rushed to the top of the mountain to win applause.
C.Three-year-old Tao Tao is very naughty in kindergarten, and often paints on the walls.
D.Ms.Wang is the owner of a beauty salon.She usually pays attention to skin care and dressing, which always gives people a glorious feeling.

a
According to China ’s inheritance law, the legal succession in the first order is: spouse, child, parent, and the legal successors in the second order are: siblings, step-parents, and grandparents.After the legal succession begins, the successors in the first order inherit, Heirs in the second order do not inherit.Those who do not inherit in the first order shall be inherited by the heirs in the second order.Several people who have inheritance relationship with each other died in the same event.If the time of death cannot be determined, it is presumed that there is no death before the heirs.Each of the deceased has an heir.If several deceased persons have different identities, the elder is presumed to die first; if the deceased have the same generation, it is presumed that they will die at the same time without inheritance from each other, and their respective heirs will inherit.
According to the above definitions and in accordance with the above provisions of legal inheritance, Which of the following are correct:
A.Wang Yi's couple and Wang Yi's parents lost their lives in a flood.There is no way to determine the date of death.Wang Yi has only his younger brother Wang Er, and Wang Yi's wife has only a father.Inherit the entire legacy of Wang Yi
B.Divorced Liu Da and his son (underage), his brother Liu Er died again in the secondary school, and the time of death cannot be determined.
C.Li and his wife and his only daughter (married) went out by car.A car accident occurred on the way.All three died, but the date of death could not be determined.Ms.Li inherited the inheritance of Mr.and Mrs.Li's parents before the parents.
D.Ma and his eldest son, Ma, whose grandson (the only child born to him) lost his life.There is no way to determine the date of death.Only Ma has left a million yuan heritage.Among his relatives are only his wife and his second son, Ma Er.Marta's wife and Ma Er inherit different property shares

d
As rewards decrease, attitudes become progressively negative, and as rewards increase, positive attitudes between attitudes are referred to as the "Allenson effect" in social psychology.The Allenson effect also refers to people who most like those Likes, rewards, praises the increasing number of people or things, and least likes those people or things that appear to be decreasing according to the above definition,
Which of the following are not part of the "Allenson Effect":
A.As a newcomer, Xiao Ying's hard work has been praised by her leaders and colleagues.As time goes on, her leadership colleagues have less appreciation.She has moved herself to be dispensable, and she is less and less motivated when she first comes.
B.When the candy store opens, you will get 1 small toy when you buy 2 packs of candy, and you will get 1 toy after selling 5 packs of candy a week, and you will get gifts when you buy 10 packs of candy one month later, so the number of customers here is gradually decreasing.
C.Xiaoying was very afraid of learning to pommel horse jumping in the PE class, but she jumped bravely with the help of the teacher.The teacher encouraged her constantly, so she overcomes the fear and jumps better.
D.Xiao Chen likes writing, and his articles have won many awards, but after entering college, he chose the history department, so he devoted more energy to history research and less and less time in writing.

c
In the context of global warming today, countries have benefited or damaged to varying degrees.Some impacts are positive, while others are negative.Some countries are both a source of global warming pollution and climate warming.Victims, these have affected their attitudes to the introduction of national policy programs to address climate change and international climate policy development.
It can be inferred from this:
A.All countries are beneficially affected by global warming
B.All countries are adversely affected by global warming
C.Some countries are victims of global warming
D.Some countries are not a source of pollution for global warming

b
A U.S.study shows that second-hand smoke is more harmful to non-smokers than the smokers themselves.While smokers damage their cardiovascular system, the system can self-regulate in order to offset some of the consequences of smoking without smoking The body of a person cannot adapt to changes after smoke inhalation, so the impact of passive smoking on non-smokers is far greater than that on smokers.
Which of the following, if true, can support the above conclusions?
A.More than 85% of lung cancer patients are caused by smoking, and 30% of the total cancer deaths are caused by smoking
B.Smokers and non-smokers are married, the latter is 30% more likely to die of heart disease than the former
C.Passive smoking is the third most preventable cause of death after active smoking and alcohol-related diseases
D.20-year-old smokers who smoke four packs a day, their spouse may die of lung cancer

a
Children who are able to play are more adaptable to social interactions and have better mental health.On the contrary, many children who are introverted, lonely, and even have problems with communication problems often lack the ability to play with their peers.If a child has poor communication skills, It is easy to produce negative emotions such as anxiety, tension, and suspiciousness, which affects normal life and learning.If these negative emotions are not released for a long time, it may even lead to withdrawal of personality.
From this we can infer:
A.Only by giving the child enough time to play can the child's psychological development be healthy
B.As long as the child is given sufficient time to play, the child's heart can develop healthily
C.Children with psychological defects are because they did not get enough time to play as children
D.As long as children can play, they can adapt to society when they grow up

d
Only by working together can we get things done.Things don't go well, so we don't work together.
Which of the following forms of reasoning is the same as the reasoning in the stem?
A.If Wang's DNA is found on the victim, Wang is the major criminal suspect in this case.Wang's DNA was detected in the victim's nails, so Wang is the major criminal suspect in this case.
B.Zhang did not play as the main debater when the experimental middle school debate team won, but the experimental middle school debate team did not win.
C.Peppermint grows well only in warm climates.Peppermint grows well, so mint grows in warm climates
D.People don't offend me, I don't offend.I don't offend, so people don't offend me

b
The transparency and publicity of the "three public consumption" have attracted much attention from the society.A city government requires that 41 government departments under its jurisdiction publish detailed annual fiscal budget reports in a unified time and in a unified format, which has won widespread acclaim.The disclosure is not detailed enough, which will cause serious publicity to suffer.For example, a bureau in the city was criticized because the detailed disclosure of the related consumption was considered inappropriate, and some people believed that the promotion of disclosure should be criticized.public,
Which of the following, if true, would best refute the views of these people?
A.At the beginning of 2012, the State Council explicitly required the provincial government to fully disclose "three public consumption" within two years.
B.There is more and more fierce social criticism from those government departments that are not public
C."Three public consumption" transparency and openness are conducive to promoting the political system reform of government departments and accept social supervision
D.The annual budget reports published by most government departments have been recognized by the public

a
There are four children in the family, namely A.B, C, and D.One day, there are a few sweets on the table.The mother asks who stole the candy.The four children have their own words: A said: We Someone stole candy; B said: None of us four had candy; C said: At least one of B and D didn't eat candy; D said: I didn't eat candy.
If two of the four children are telling the truth and two are telling the truth, the truth is:
A.The truth is A and C
B.The truth is Jia Heding
C.The truth is B and C
D.The truth is that B and D

b
In 1981, when the world believed that wild crickets had become extinct, 7 wild crickets were rediscovered in China.Now the number of domestic crickets has reached 1,617.At present, the world's crickets are all bred from 7 of that year.Seriously, Zhu Xi has become the species with the lowest genetic diversity among endangered birds in the world, which will reduce the population's disease resistance and increase the mortality rate, especially its ability to resist deadly diseases such as bird flu is extremely low.
From this we can infer:
A.Inbreeding is not conducive to species evolution and will be naturally eliminated
B.Genetic diversity is critical to the survival and development of Zhu Xi
C.Zhu Xi's population has increased significantly, and its risk of extinction has further reduced
D.To save Zhu Xi, it is necessary to develop artificial cultivation and breeding technology

d
In the face of the energy crisis, some countries have begun to look for alternative energy sources, and the use of ethanol gasoline for corn processing vehicles is no longer a new thing.Therefore, many people believe that the use of corn to produce energy can not only digest the aged food in stock, but also develop Oil alternative energy, which will be one of the future energy development trends, is a policy that benefits the country and the people.
Which of the following, if true, cannot weaken the above conclusion?
A.It seems that the production of ethanol gasoline for vehicles will consume a lot of water
B.Ethanol gasoline can cause severe corrosion to key components such as the vehicle's engine
C.3.3 tons of corn will be consumed to produce 1 ton of ethanol.As a result, nearly 10,000 tons of corn will be consumed each year, which will endanger the country's food reserves.
D.Using corn as energy for production can appropriately increase the price of corn, thereby increasing farmers' income and enthusiasm for growing grain

d
In fact, mental illness is not a concept of pathology, but a concept of sociology.If a family member or authority forcibly sends a person to a mental hospital, then that person can almost only be diagnosed as a "mental patient".Family members and authority The description of his "symptoms" has become an important information for judging whether he is mentally ill.And if he is said to have been persecuted and resisted, he is exactly in accordance with the diagnostic criteria for "psychiatric", "mania" and the like.Description.His right of self-defense is also cancelled by this invincible logic: you say that you are not mentally ill, then you are exactly at this time, because you refuse to admit that you are sick, which is a manifestation of a mental patient; And you admit it, of course you do.
Which of the following is most likely to be derived from the above determination?
A.The diagnostic criteria for mental illness are only the allegations of the family members of the "mentally ill" or relevant authorities
B.A family member or authority sends someone to a mental hospital just to get him timely and effective treatment
C.Most mental patients treated in mental hospitals do not actually have a mental illness
D.The expression of an individual who has been compulsorily admitted to a psychiatric hospital is questionable as to whether he has a mental illness

a
Regarding the question "Can you directly test the driver's license without driving school training?", The Transportation Administration of the Ministry of Public Security responded that China's laws and regulations do not require driving school training to apply for a driver's license, but they must learn driving skills on the road..According to the relevant provisions of Article 20 of the Implementation Regulations of the Road Traffic Safety Law, learning to drive on the road should follow the route and time specified by the traffic management department of the public security organ.To learn the driving skills of motor vehicles on the road, a coach car should be used.The coach is carried under the coach's guidance.Persons not related to teaching are not allowed to ride the coach.
Based on the above information, which of the following cannot be derived?
A.You can learn to drive on the road if you have a coach coach
B.Can't learn driving skills on the road without coaching guidance
C.If a coach is only available at a driving school, you must first apply for a driving license
D.If you have already applied for a driving license, you must have learned driving skills on the road

b
During the period of exchange rate depreciation, unless the interest rates and other costs of borrowing currencies are high enough to sell short devalued currencies, speculative activities are unavoidable.If the monetary authorities have enough foreign exchange reserves to adhere to the end, speculators can only return.Insufficient reserves, speculators will eventually "satisfy fare", whether under appreciation or depreciation pressure, if the exchange rate does not quickly reflect the market's supply and demand relationship, it will damage macroeconomic stability and is not conducive to the adjustment of economic structure.
If the above discussion is true, which of the following conclusions cannot be derived?
A or the monetary authorities have enough foreign exchange reserves to stick to the end, or speculators are "satisfied and far-reaching"
B If the exchange rate can quickly reflect the supply and demand of the market, then it will not damage macroeconomic stability
C Unless the exchange rate quickly reflects the market supply and demand relationship, it will damage macroeconomic stability and is not conducive to economic structural adjustment.
DIf the interest rates and other costs of borrowing currencies are not high enough, speculative short selling of devalued currencies is inevitable

c
Water tourism is a short-term experience with social, leisure, and consumer attributes when people travel to the water and surrounding areas to seek pleasure.It has gradually become an important carrier for people's leisure fashion and regional tourism development.Water tourism resources refer to waters (Water body) and associated shores, islands, forests, grasses, buildings and other natural and human landscapes that are attractive to people.
According to the above definition, Which of the following options are not part of the water body tourism resources:
A.Wuyi Mountain's "Jiuquxi" can be found everywhere
B.On the street on the bank of Qinhuai River, there is a "Gangnan Gongyuan" built in the Ming Dynasty.
C.A forest park has a "release pond" stocking thousands of koi
D.A building stands on the bank of the Yangtze River, becoming a background for tourists to take pictures

a
Implicit memory refers to the memory of technology, process or "how to do" that the individual's past experience has affected the current job in an unconscious situation.Explicit memory refers to memory that requires conscious effort to restore information.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are explicit memory:
A.The text I recited last night can still be faintly remembered when the teacher checks it today.
B.Once lived in France, and can inadvertently understand French conversation in the street after many years
C.Recognize the word "cat" at a glance when doing English reading comprehension
D.People who can ride a bike, even if they do n’t ride for a long time

b
The purpose of the crime refers to the psychological attitude of the offender who hopes to achieve some kind of harm to the social result by carrying out the criminal act.The purpose of the crime directly reflects the intentional content of the crime and is the specific direction of the criminal motive.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following statements are true:
A.A revenge B causes serious injury to B, A's criminal purpose is to avenge others
B.A is jealous of B stealing B's property, and A's criminal purpose is to possess B's property
C.A kills for brotherhood, consolidating friendship is A's criminal purpose
D.A commits robbery for drug use funds and meets drug needs is A's criminal purpose

a
Red orange yellow green blue blue purple seven people stand in a row, the teacher asks seven people to report the numbers in order.According to the reported numbers, first let the student who is a multiple of 3 stand between the two students in front of him; then let the multiple that is a multiple of 2 The classmates from front to back stood behind the two classmates in turn; finally, the students who reported multiples of 4 stood at the first place of the team, and the purple classmate stood at the middle of the team to form a new team.
It can be inferred from this:
A.There are two people between red and orange
B.There are two people between yellow and green
C.Blue is now seventh in the team
D.Qing is now the fifth in the team

b
Mom prepared to go shopping on the supermarket sale event day, but she forgot the specific date of the event, so she asked the following five people, and their answers were: Grandpa: It's a weekend.Grandma: It's a day on Tuesday, Thursday or Saturday Daddy: No, it's Monday.Son: It's Monday, Wednesday, Friday, or one of the Sundays.Daughter: It's Friday.
If only one of these five people is right, the supermarket sale event may be:
A.Monday
B.Wednesday
C.Friday
D.Saturday

c
Serpentine soil is dry and low in nutrients and usually contains heavy metals such as nickel, chromium, etc.that are toxic to most species.Researchers have found that a population of Arabidopsis plants grow in serpentine soil, which affects them It is a very extreme environment.Some researchers have analyzed the genes of this Arabidopsis plant and thought that they "borrowed" some favorable genes from the nearby relatives to help them cope with the extreme environment.However, some opponents believe that this Arabidopsis plant adapts to the environment by obtaining genetic mutations by means of original genetic mutations.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the opponent's point of view?
A.Other plants growing in serpentine soil are completely independent and adaptively evolved through natural selection
B.The Arabidopsis plant that has not been seen growing in non-serpentine rocky soil has been genetically modified to adapt to the environment
C.A characteristic gene fragment of a nearby relative was detected in the Arabidopsis plant growing in serpentine soil, the gene fragment enhances tolerance to heavy metals
D.No genetic modification found in plants growing in nearby non-serpentine soil

a
Brain-like computing technology is generally divided into three levels: the structural level mimics the brain, the device level approaches the brain, and the intelligence level surpasses the brain.Among them, the structural level mimicking the brain refers to analyzing the brain as a physical and physiological object to obtain the basic unit (each Neurons and synapses, etc.) and their connection relationships (network structure); device-level approximation to the brain refers to the development of devices that can simulate the functions of neurons and synapses, thereby limiting the physical space and power consumption Construct a human brain-scale neural network system; intelligence level beyond the brain refers to the information-like stimulation, training, and learning of brain-like computers to make them produce intelligence similar to that of the human brain.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following belong to the level of intelligence beyond the brain:
A.Adjust the synaptic connection relationship, connection frequency and strength of the neural network
B.Draw accurate maps of the human brain to analyze and detect the brain
C.Development of electronic equipment with functional density equivalent to that of the human cerebral cortex
D.Non-linear dynamics of capturing minute single neuron discharges

b
Which of the following animals can only belong to one category and meet the following conditions: (1) if animal B is not a bird, then animal A is a mammal (2) or animal C is a mammal, or animal A is a mammal (3) If animal B is not a bird, then animal D is not a fish (4) or animal D is a fish, or animal E is not an insect (5) if animal E is not an insect, then animal B is not a bird
Which of the following, if true, can conclude that "Animal C is a mammal"?
A.Animal D is not a fish
B.Animal E is an insect
C.Animal B is not a bird
D.Animal A is a mammal

b
Social public interest: refers to the benefits that all members of society can directly enjoy.
Which of the following are not in the public interest:
A.In order to create a good investment environment, a city has decided to invest heavily in the construction of an inter-provincial highway and a Yangtze River Bridge.
B.A local government transferred the land of the old residents to the developer, who developed a high-end residential for sale on this land
C.Relevant departments have proposed that: Beijing's "Xiushui Market" has major security risks, which is not conducive to the development of the city and hinders the urban landscape.In order to ensure the safety of the people and property, it is necessary to implement "withdrawal of the city"
D.A ferry has been in disrepair due to strong winds and waves, and it has a lot of hidden safety hazards.A farmer entrepreneur donated 100,000 yuan to rebuild the ferry after knowing it.

a
Self-efficacy: People's belief in their ability to produce a specific level of behavior that can affect their own life events.
Which of the following are not related to self-efficacy:
A.Company leaders strictly require Xiao Dong to answer the phone every day, respect customers, and cannot play computer games during work
B.Xiaochang always regards difficult tasks as challenges to be conquered rather than threats to be avoided, and often sets challenging goals for himself and maintains commitment to goals
C.Xiao Cai's image in everyone's mind is: like to attribute failure to insufficient effort or lack of available knowledge and skills
D.Xiao Guo of Xinglong Industrial Co., Ltd.never forgets his shortcomings, will encounter obstacles and various unfavorable results, but will not carefully consider how to act successfully

d
Synaesthesia: refers to the mutual communication between various sensory organs in literary and artistic creation and appreciation.
Which of the following are not synaesthesia:
A.Asphalt on the pavement is black and bright in the sun with a burnt yellow paste smell, and the breath of gasoline is floating red on the street
B.Time is dark and sticky and thick, can not flow, can not move, soaked in the cold and cold Sanxing Village
C.In this day when the match fell to the ground and the world was on fire, the wheat was crackling.
D.I seem to see rain flowing into the ground, into the orchard, into the hearts of people

c
Traffic Accident Crime: Refers to violations of traffic management regulations, resulting in serious accidents, causing serious injuries, death, or causing major losses of public and private property.
Which of the following cannot be convicted of traffic accidents:
A.One day, Chen in a city in Zhejiang Province drove a Santana car on his way back to his hometown.The road was in good condition and there were not many vehicles.When the car came to a hotel intersection, he ran into a two-wheeled motorcycle head-on, causing 1 2 dead
B.One night, Zeng Mo drove a truck to the city to transport vegetables, and then returned to the suburbs.When he passed the 1st and 3rd forks, because he drank some white wine and lacked sleep while driving overnight, a bicycle rider accidentally Hit badly
C.Xiaoding, a car rental company, drove a red Santana car with 3 passengers to a crossroads.Unexpectedly, a pedestrian crossed the road, Xiaoding braked suddenly, 3 passengers rolled forward, and 3 passengers turned over.Refusal of fare
D.On a certain day, a driver from a branch company in Dandong drove 31 "Diamond" brand buses from Shenyang to Kuandian Manchu Autonomous County.Due to speeding on detours, the vehicle rushed horizontally under the left bridge of the highway, causing passengers in the vehicle 18 dead

a
State pricing: Refers to commodity prices and charging standards set by the government's price department and the competent business department in accordance with the authority prescribed by the state.
Which of the following are not nationally priced:
A.A well-known shopping mall has entered a batch of high-end cashmere sweaters.In order to the credibility of the shopping mall, the boss decided to sell the new products three days before the listing, and sell each item at a 30% discount.
B.On the eve of the opening of the school in the spring of 2005, a city's education bureau issued a notice on tuition and fees for various schools in the new semester, and asked the school to announce it.
C.On the eve of the Spring Festival, in order to protect the interests of the general public and stabilize the holiday market order, the municipal price bureau has approved and announced the ceiling prices of some commodities such as eggs, vegetables, and aquatic products.
D.Nanjing's charging standards for buses are as follows: ordinary unmanned ticketed cars are charged 1 yuan each time, air-conditioned unmanned ticketed cars are charged 2 yuan each time, and passengers holding bus cards are discounted 20%.

a
Tax evasion: Refers to the behavior of rational taxpayers who fail to report or make false declarations in order to not pay or underpay taxes by taking acts that violate tax laws.
Which of the following are not tax evasion:
A.Wang opened a fruit supermarket.The Local Taxation Bureau approved it to pay 600 yuan in taxes per month.Whenever a tax collector came to collect taxes, Wang paid them in full.In November last year, Wang transferred the supermarket to a friend.On December 1, When the tax officer came to collect taxes, he was rejected by Wang
B.A construction company does not account for its residual material sales income, industrial operation income, sales income of semi-finished products for self-made engineering, lease income, property transfer income, etc., forming extra-book funds for employee benefits and rewards
C.The renter and renter of a certain house falsely claimed to be a relative's house and lived in privately.The actual monthly rent was 1800 yuan.
D.The income from project settlement or project difference, the income from project changes outside the contract, other payables, and taxable income will be understated

d
Agricultural resources: A general term for all materials and energy available for agricultural use.
Which of the following are not agricultural resources:
A.There are more than 4,000 types of plant resources in Chongqing, including more than 2,000 types of vascular plants.The natural vegetation includes five main types of vegetation, such as broad-leaved forest, coniferous forest, bamboo forest, thicket, and sparse bush.Leaf forest is the main type of vegetation
B.Tobacco is the second largest cash crop in Henan Province after cotton, and its total output has always ranked first in the country.It is the largest tobacco leaf production base in the country.
C.The famous characteristic products of Hangzhou Xihu District are Xihu Longjing Tea, Jiuqu Red Plum, and Xihu Amaranth.
D.Liuzhou, Guangxi uses local resources to develop a number of basic industries in daily chemical, paper, sugar, cigarette, textile, pharmaceutical and other industries, as well as building materials, chemicals, and electrical equipment manufacturing

a
Execution reversal: after the execution is completed, the legal documents based on which it was executed are revoked, and the executive staff takes measures to restore the property of the executed person to the state before execution.
Which of the following are the ones that perform the rotation:
A.The pre-execution ruling made by the people's court is revoked by the court's effective judgment or the final judgment of the court of second instance after the execution is completed.The party who obtained the property due to the pre-execution should return the proceeds of the execution to the other party.
B.Termination by a legal person or other organization that has not been identified as the bearer of rights and obligations
C.The subject matter of the implementation is the subject matter of the dispute in the case being tried by other courts or arbitration institutions, and it is necessary to wait for the completion of the trial to determine the ownership
D.Citizens as enforced are unable to repay loans due to difficulties in life, have no source of income, and are unable to work

d
At an ancient painting appraisal meeting, regarding work No.008, if it was analyzed only technically, it was concluded that if the work is from the Tang Dynasty or the Five Dynasties period, then it is not the work of the post-Tang Dynasty and the latter week.After the experts further Identification learned: it is not a Tang Dynasty work.
This shows:
A.It is not a work of the Five Dynasties
B.It is a work of the fifth generation
C.It is a post-Tang Dynasty work
D.It may be a work from the post-week period

a
At the Xinquan Township Development Symposium, Secretary Wang said: "Either develop sericulture or animal husbandry." Zhou Xiangchang said: "Xinquan Township has more people and less land.We should strengthen labor training and vigorously develop the export of foreign labor services."Secretary Li thinks:" Only by developing special crops is the only way out for Xinquan in Shanxiang."Zhang Xiangchang said:" To give full play to Xinquan's advantages and develop tourism, there is no choice."
After expert demonstration, two of the above four opinions are considered feasible, then the two opinions that are feasible are:
A.Secretary Wang and Mayor Zhou
B.Secretary Wang and Secretary Li
C.Secretary Li and Mayor Zhou Xiang
D.Secretary Li and Zhang Xiang

b
The survey results show that a considerable number of ethnic minority cadres have senior technical titles, and some young people have a tendency to chase stars.Among those who have senior technical titles, there are star-chasing families, and women account for a significant proportion of star-chasing families.
This shows:
A.There are women in minority cadres
B.Someone in the Star Chaser has a senior technical title
C.A considerable number of people with senior technical titles are women
D.There are ethnic minority cadres in the Star Chaser

d
In traditional society, there are few cultural products that society can provide, and the public's choices are very small.The public's interests and hobbies are brought together actively or passively; entering modern society is accompanied by the rapid development of cultural industries, networks and media.The entertainment method has also changed from the traditional direct interpersonal interaction to the indirect interpersonal interaction with the help of machines, or even human-computer interaction.At the same time that the range of public choices has greatly expanded, the public has a large number of diversions due to the diversity of choices.Here comes the disappearance of common interests.
If the following items are true, which of the following can most refute the above argument is:
A.The advent of the network society has completely changed the mode of interaction between people
B.With the help of the mobile Internet, the person with the most daily contacts may not be around at all
C.Modern technology breaks through the traditional pattern of differences and interpersonal relationships are no longer based on regions
D.Social organizations can build related platforms to organize related activities to cultivate interests

a
The age of the mother is one of the risk factors considered in screening for Down syndrome.It is generally believed that the older the mother, the higher the risk of genetic abnormalities in the baby.When an extra chromosome 21 is in the egg, the fetus will Down syndrome develops.As women age, the risk of such abnormalities increases.Recently, some experts have begun to question this screening method, saying that genetic abnormalities are not just a matter of the woman's age .
Which of the following, if true, would best support the aforementioned expert question?
A.Sperm chromosome 21 may also stick to excess genetic material.The older the father, the higher the probability of errors in the sperm production process.
B.The focus of the baby's mental health problems does not seem to be the "absolute age" of the mother, but the "relative age" of the father and mother
C.The uterus basically does not change with age.As long as the hormone levels are sufficient, the uterus of older women can also properly support the fetus.
D.Modern people are prone to genetic mutations due to the influence of the environment and living habits, and even healthy couples are at risk of having "Tang children"

a
Gamification management: refers to the management behavior of using elements in games such as scoring, ranking, and competition in scenarios that are not games.Its use in the work environment can often allow employees to increase their emotional involvement, thereby improving efficiency.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is gamified management behaviors?
A.A translation software company mobilizes office employees to participate in "finding faults" and looking for language translation errors
B.Playing cartoon characters to attract everyone's attention
C.Company hires new management
D.Schools require teachers not to rank students for test scores

c
Recoverability evaluation: It refers to the evaluation of the ability of the current status of the event to return to a basic normal state after the emergency and before the end of emergency management, and the evaluation of the time and resources required to complete the recovery.
According to the above definition, which of the following is recoverability evaluations?
A.After the earthquake in a certain place, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued relief materials to the disaster-stricken area
B.Ministry of Health estimates time required for H1N1 influenza vaccine development
C.After a major traffic accident, the traffic management department estimates the traffic jam time caused by the traffic accident
D.The superior instructed to resolve the traffic problem of passengers stranded at the station due to heavy snow closure within 48 hours

c
Institutional entrepreneurs: Those who not only play the role of traditional entrepreneurs, but also help establish a market system in their career development process.They are highly sensitive to opportunities in the development environment and dare to break through institutional barriers to obtain considerable income.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is that are not institutional entrepreneurs?
A.An entrepreneur who develops a ride-hailing system to change the operating model of the taxi industry
B.An entrepreneur who establishes a third-party payment method and cooperates with major financial institutions
C.An entrepreneur who established an education group to improve the ability of private schools
D.An entrepreneur who innovates the instant messaging model and changes the way people transmit information

a
Social integration: refers to the process of adjusting or coordinating the contradictions and conflicts between various parts of society, making the entire society a unified and well-functioning system.Through social integration, the parts of the social system that are both independent and connected They conform to each other and form an equilibrium state.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not social integration?
A.New social class people emerging from economic development
B.Cultural integration between regions
C.Combating various types of illegal crimes
D.Central Document No.1 guides the work of "agriculture, rural areas and farmers"

c
Peer pressure: Refers to the psychological pressure generated by peer comparisons with each other.A peer group exerts influence on an individual and will prompt the individual to change their attitude, values or behaviors in order to comply with group norms.
According to the above definition, which of the following is peer pressures?
A.Leader's criticism of subordinates
B.Reconciliation between colleagues
C.Young people's dress comparison
D.Business competition between departments

c
Explicit cost: It refers to the actual expenditure of the production factor required by the manufacturer to purchase or lease in the production factor market, that is, the amount of money paid by the enterprise to the owner of the economic resources other than the enterprise, such as paid production costs, wage costs, marketing Expenses, etc., so it is a tangible cost.
According to the above definition, which of the following is amounts that are not explicit costs?
A.The company paid 10,000 yuan to rent the mall lobby for on-site marketing
B.Raw material prices increase the cost of the company's product unit by 10,000 yuan
C.Plants worth 10,000 yuan per square meter
D.10,000 yuan monthly salary paid by the company to the department manager

c
Gig economy: It refers to an economic leader that is composed of freelancers with a small workload.It uses the Internet and mobile technology to quickly match the supply and demand side.It mainly includes two forms of group work and on-demand work through applications.In other words, the previous working relationship was "units-people", but the current mainstream relationship is "platform-people".
According to the above definition, which of the following is gig economy?
A.Taxi industry
B.E-commerce Website Maintenance Industry
C.Takeaway distribution industry
D.Traffic maintenance volunteer behavior

d
Desire projection: refers to projecting your own subjective wishes on others, thinking that others also take hope as reality as they expect.As a result, they often make wrong evaluations of others' emotions and intentions, distort others, and cause communication obstacles .
According to the above definition, which of the following is projections of desire?
A.People have me, people have me
B.There is nothing in the world, and mediocre people disturb themselves
C.I am too crazy to laugh at others, I laugh at others
D.My concerns, what people think

c
Plateau phenomenon: It means that students often have a stage in the learning process, that is, when their academic performance reaches a certain level, the rate of continued improvement slows down, and some people even experience stagnation or regression.
According to the above definition, which of the following is plateau phenomena?
A.As the college entrance examination approaches, Xiao Zheng feels lack of sleep and is less and less motivated to learn
B.Mock exam for college entrance examination, Xiao Qi is doing well, he feels that he can be admitted to a good university without learning
C.Three rounds of review in the college entrance examination, Xiao Zhao felt that he did not improve much, thought that the review was useless, and he was unwilling to read again
D.After the college entrance examination, Xiao Han did well in the exam, and she thought that she had played abnormally.

b
Digital divide: In the global digitalization process, the information gap between different countries, regions, industries, companies, and communities due to differences in the degree of ownership of information, network technologies, application levels, and innovation capabilities.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following phenomenon that belongs to the digital divide?
A.The reason why Internet TV is popular is that it turns passive reception into active selection
B.In the modern market economy environment, large enterprises have the ability and capital to build big data systems, and small companies often look to their backs.
C.Production technology in developed countries is a major factor in forming comparative advantage in trade
D.In the Internet era, the speed of information acquisition in big cities and small cities is almost the same

c
Definition: (1) The origin system refers to the social system that was formed in the early stage of human society and played a basic role in future social life.The most basic social system on which human survival depends.(2) The derived system came later, A social system formed and developed on the basis of the original system.
According to the above definition, which of the following options include both the origin system and the derivative system?
A.Monarchy and democracy
B.Equivalent exchange system and socialist market economy system
C.Social contract system and legal norms
D.Dictatorship and the socialist system

c
Definition: (1) Unintentional attention: refers to the lack of intended purpose, no will effort, and the involuntary attention to certain things.(2) Intentional attention: refers to consciousness, intended purpose, and if necessary Willing to pay attention.
According to the definition above, Which of the following options include both unintentional and intentional attention?
A.Xiaoxin was unhappy to see the passing leaders when he was at work, thinking that he had made a mistake in his work
B.Xiaohui wants to buy a fashion magazine, but she hasn't been satisfied after searching on the Internet for a long time
C.Xiaoyan saw a skirt in the shop window when she was off work.She immediately went to the store to try on and check the fabric and style.
D.Xiaojun saw the same table in high school while eating out and was about to say hello to see the leader come over

d
Zhang Nan is a staff member of an institute.His friends are doctors or professors.Wang Xiao is a staff member of the institute.Zhao Lin is a middle school classmate of Zhang Nan.
If the above information is true, which of the following must be true?
A.Wang Xiao is Zhang Nan's friend
B.Zhao Lin is not Zhang Nan's friend
C.If Wang Xiao is a doctor, then Wang Xiao is a friend of Zhang Nan
D.If Zhao Lin is a friend of Zhang Nan, then she is a doctor or professor

a
All criminal acts will be punished by criminal law.Some illegal acts are criminal acts, and Huang Tao's acts are illegal.
If the above assertion is true, which of the following must be true?
A.Some violations will be punished by criminal law
B.Huang Tao's behavior is a crime
C.Huang Tao's actions are punishable by criminal law
D.All criminal sanctions are criminal acts

b
According to statistics, the proportion of traffic accidents caused by battery cars accounted for more than 40% of all traffic accidents, which has attracted the attention of relevant national departments.The occurrence of battery car accidents is mainly caused by the fast speed of battery cars and the failure of battery car owners to comply with traffic regulations.The management of battery cars stipulates that the speed of new production and sales of battery cars must not exceed 25KM / h, and the quality must not exceed 55KG.Experts believe that this can greatly reduce traffic accidents caused by battery cars.
Which of the following is true and most likely to question the conclusions of these experts?
A.Traffic accidents caused by battery cars are mainly caused by the excessive speed of the battery cars themselves
B.In a traffic accident caused by a battery car, although the fast speed is one of the reasons, the most important thing is that the battery car owner does not follow the traffic rules
C.Battery lanes in many cities are relatively narrow, and battery cars often collide together
D.The proportion of traffic accidents caused by motor vehicles is higher in previous traffic accidents

c
When we are about to graduate, a class needs to select outstanding graduates, and the class is under discussion.Leader: either Li Xue is rated as an outstanding graduate, or Wang Lei is rated as an excellent graduate.Branch secretary: I do not agree.
Which of the following accurately expressed the opinion of the party branch secretary?
A.Li Xue and Wang Lei were both awarded as outstanding graduates
B.Neither Li Xue nor Wang Lei can be rated as outstanding graduates
C.Either Li Xue and Wang Lei were rated as outstanding graduates, or Li Xue and Wang Lei were not rated as outstanding graduates
D.Li Xue is rated as outstanding graduate, Wang Lei cannot be rated as outstanding graduate

b
Only when the society is stable can the economy develop.Only when the economy is developed can the people's living standards improve.Without the fair distribution of wealth, the society will not be stable.
If the above statement is true, all of the following are true, except which one?
A.Only with social stability can people's living standards improve
B.If people's living standards have not improved, the economy has not developed
C.If people's living standards improve, then society must be stable
D.If wealth can be distributed equitably, people's living standards will improve

c
Last night, Ma Hui either went to play in the gym or visited his teacher Qin Nan.If Ma Hui drove last night, he didn't go to play in the gym.Only Ma Hui and his teacher Qin Nan agreed in advance that he would Go visit his teacher.In fact, Ma Hui had no agreement with his teacher Qin Nan in advance.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be concluded to be true?
A.Ma Hui went to the gym with his teacher Qin Nan last night
B.Ma Hui visited his teacher Qin Nan last night
C.Ma Hui didn't drive last night
D.Ma Hui didn't go to the gym last night

d
The leader of a certain unit decides to choose several people among Wang, Chen, Zhou, Li, Lin, and Hu to perform an important task.The candidate for the task should meet all the following conditions: Wang and Li only need one person to participate; Li Only one of Zhou and Zhou should participate; at least one of Wang and Chen should participate; two of Wang, Lin and Hu should participate; Chen Hezhou either participated or neither; if Lin participated, Li must participate.
Based on this, which of the following can be inferred to be correct?
A.Wang and Chen do not participate
B.Lin, Hu does not participate
C.Zhou, Lee does not participate
D.Lee and Lin do not participate

c
The problem of population growth is a problem faced by all countries in the world, especially developed countries.Developed countries generally face low fertility, slow or even negative population growth, which directly affects economic development and ethnic heritage.China is implementing family planning policies.Years later, we also faced similar problems, so China gradually liberalized the second child policy.However, the actual effect is not satisfactory.Some experts pointed out that the unsatisfactory effect of the second child policy is mainly due to social pressure.
Which of the following is true and best supports the opinion of the above experts?
A.After the second child policy is liberalized, many post-70s couples who want to have a baby have passed their optimal childbearing age
B.Young couples after the 90s are more willing to live in a two-person world and are not willing to have more children
C.Because the cost of raising children is too high, many couples are unwilling to have more children
D.Pollution of the social environment affects the fertility of many young couples

d
If both A and B can get scholarships, then C and D can also get scholarships.
Unfortunately, C did not receive a scholarship, which can be inferred from this:
A.Neither A nor B received scholarships
B.Only one of A and B did not receive a scholarship
C.Ding received a scholarship
D.A and B cannot both receive scholarships

c
Previously in the countryside, only boys had the right to read books.Zhang Fei came out of the countryside and successfully entered the university.
Then Zhang Fei:
A.Good relationship with parents
B.Have a mind and accept new ideas
C.is a boy and is valued at home
D.Be a girl and be valued at home

a
During a theft case at a school, the Public Security Bureau arrested four suspects A.B, C, and D.When interrogating them, A said: I did not do it.B said: It was Ding.Ding said: I did n’t do it.
Only one of the four people told the truth.Who committed the theft?
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.Ding

d
In the 1950s, China's forest coverage was 19%, in the 1960s, 6%, and in the 1980s, it was less than 4%.As the forest coverage decreased year by year, the vegetation was greatly destroyed, which weakened the land's impact on rainwater.Storing effect, a sudden rainstorm, rolling water and sand rolling down make flood disasters serious year by year.It can be seen that the destruction of forest resources is the cause of floods.
Which of the following methods is most similar to the one above?
A.Cotton is a plant fiber, loose and porous, and can hold heat.Snow is frozen by water, with 40% to 50% air gap, and is also porous and can hold heat.It can be seen that loose and porous is the reason for heat preservation
B.Divided a group of chickens into two groups.One group was fed refined white rice.The chickens suffered from a disease.They had weak feet and could not walk.The symptoms were similar to those of human beriberi.The other group was fed with shelled rice.It is speculated that something that is not contained in polished white rice in shell rice is the cause of beriberi.Further research found that this kind of thing is vitamin B1
C.Minefield in Italy repeatedly conducted an experiment.In 4 jars, put meat and fish, and then covered or covered with gauze.Flies couldn't get in, and there was no cricket.In the other 4 jars, Put the same meat and fish, open the bottle door, the flies fly in to lay eggs, and the rotten meat and fish are quickly full of maggots.It can be seen that the spawning of flies is the reason for the rotten fish
D.The bell is energized by energizing in a glass cover with air.As the amount of extracted air changes, the ringtone becomes smaller and smaller.If the air is completely drawn out, the ringtone will not be heard at all.It can be seen that the sound is transmitted by air.

a
Ma Ming, Liu Jian, and Zhang Yi have three younger male students each with a younger sister.On this day, six people played badminton together and held mixed doubles.It was stipulated that the two brothers and sisters did not play together.Xiao Ping played against Zhang Yi and Xiao Ying.In the second game, Zhang Yi and Xiao Hong played against Liu Jian and Ma Ming's sister.
Which of the following is true according to the conditions of the question?
A.Liu Jian and Xiao Hong, Ma Ming and Xiao Ying, Zhang Yi and Xiao Ping are each brother and sister
B.Liu Jian and Xiao Ying, Ma Ming and Xiao Ping, Zhang Yi and Xiao Hong are siblings
C.Liu Jian and Xiao Ping, Ma Ming and Xiao Ying, Zhang Yi and Xiao Hong are each brother and sister
D.Liu Jian and Xiao Hong, Ma Ming and Xiao Ping, Zhang Yi and Xiao Ying are siblings

c
A TV commercial said that the prairie green bird chicken, who was hungry to eat grass and ate grasshoppers, seemed to imply that the nutritional value of the chicken and its eggs was related to the grassland food that the chicken ate.
To verify this conclusion, which of the following experimental methods is the most reliable?
A.Select a good breed of laying hens to feed on the grassland, and then compare with the nutritional composition of ordinary chickens fed on non-grassland
B.Assay, comparing the nutritional content of chicken food on grassland and chicken food on non-grassland
C.Select breeds and layers of exactly the same grade, half of which are fed on grasslands and half are fed on non-grasslands, and then compare their nutritional content
D.Select different breeds of laying hens, feed them on the grassland, and compare their effective ingredients

b
During the U.S.battle with a European country, the U.S.Navy used to advertise posters throughout the country as a recruiter.The most famous ad at the time was this: the U.S.Navy ’s mortality rate was lower than that of New Yorkers."According to statistics, now the death rate of New Yorkers is 16% per year, and despite the wartime, the death rate of U.S.Navy soldiers is only 9%."
If the above information is true, which of the following can explain the seemingly skeptical conclusion?
A.During the war, as part of the navy carried transportation tasks and did not directly participate in the war, the death rate of naval soldiers was lower than that of army soldiers
B.New York citizens in the above statistics include babies, elderly and patients with poor viability, etc.
C.Because the U.S.Navy has a certain strength and fewer casualties during the battle, the enemy forces prefer to attack ordinary citizens who have little resistance
D.This kind of propaganda by the U.S.Navy is mainly to encourage people to join the army, so it can not help but have exaggerated elements.

a
In the past 3 years, six W66 passenger planes have crashed.In the face of the tragic scenes, people could not help but suspect the design of the W66 passenger plane.The manufacturer countered that each accident investigation showed that the responsibility of the accident was the driver Operation error.
Which of the following premise is the above manufacturer's words based on?
The design of A.W66 is not the cause of the pilot's mistake, which will cause the plane to crash
B.An aircraft crash caused by a design error can be distinguished from an aircraft crash caused by a manufacturing defect
C.People who suspect that there is a problem with the W66 design have not identified any design issues
D.For W66 type aircraft, the accident rate of 6 crashes every 3 years is not high

a
External diseconomy refers to the negative benefits produced by an economic act on itself and the outside.
Among the following options, those that are externally uneconomical are:
A.Black dust from chimneys of steel mills around the school
B.State funding to improve public health
C.Paper mills on the banks of the Xiang River discharge qualified water
D.Throw plastic bags for packaging into sorted bins after eating

a
Transfer income refers to income from non-production, exchange processes, such as various forms of transfer income such as funding, gifts and inheritance income.
Of the following options, the statement about the transfer of income is correct:
A.Transfer of income is voluntary for the giver and has nothing to do with competition in production and exchange
B.Transfer income is the same as wages, owner's profit, etc., and belongs to the scope of production and exchange process
C.Transfer income exists because of the improved use of property rights
D.None of the above statements

a
The Gini coefficient is an important indicator of the degree of inequality in distribution.It is generally accepted internationally that when the Gini coefficient is less than 0.2, it means that the income is absolute average; 0.3-0.4 means that it is relatively reasonable; 0.4-0.5 means that the income gap is large; and 0.6 means that the income gap Great disparity.
Among the following options, the statement about the Gini coefficient is incorrect:
A.Gini coefficient is an indicator of income equality
B.Gini coefficient can take any value between zero and 1, the more equal the income distribution, the smaller the Gini coefficient
C.China's urban Gini coefficient increased from 0.15 in 1978 to 0.32 in 2000, which indicates that the gap between the personal income of urban residents has gradually widened by 2000
D.The Gini coefficient of rural areas in China was around 0.338 in the 1990s, which is a relatively reasonable area at the international level.

c
Commission refers to the remuneration paid by the client to the broker, agent and other intermediaries after completing the commissioned matters.
Which of the following options is a commission?
A.A beer dealer gets a 10 yuan difference between the ex-factory price and the wholesale price
B.Xiao Wang is a company employee, and the company pays him 2,000 yuan per month
C.A supermarket supplies and sells a certain brand of cigarettes, and the tobacco factory pays 10% of the supermarket's remuneration
D.After Wang introduced, Xiao Li made a big business.In order to thank Wang, Xiao Li gave a 5,000 yuan red envelope.

d
National wealth refers to the sum of various tangible production assets, intangible production assets, natural resources (proven or used for income) and external financial net assets owned by a country at a specific point in time.
Which of the following options should not be included in national wealth:
A.50,000 yuan worth of cloth produced by a garment factory
B.Xiao Wang made a major breakthrough in academic research and obtained a patent
C.China's net external financial assets
D.Undiscovered gold mines in the mountains

b
An enterprise refers to an independent commodity production unit that has the status of a legal person, creates value, increases utility, and maximizes profits.
Which of the following options belong to the enterprise:
A.Families who mainly cook for family or guests
B.Family businesses engaged in the production of small household goods
C.Company within the army
D.Farmers engaged in self-sufficient production labor

d
Public goods refer to goods that are non-competitive and non-exclusive in consumption and are commonly used by the entire society.
Which of the following options are not public goods:
A.Security services provided by the police
B.Research and development
C.Environmental protection
D.Brand-name TV in the mall

d
The principle of maximum integrity of insurance means that the parties to the insurance must be honest and trustworthy during the entire process of signing and performing the insurance contract, abide by the credibility with the greatest sincerity, truthfully inform the important situation, do not deceive and not conceal, and guarantee the correct performance of their respective rights And obligations.
Among the following options, the policyholder has not fulfilled the principle of maximum integrity:
A.Liu, who was taken off for liver cancer.In July 2005, Liu ’s decoration company insured group life insurance for the entire company's employees.When the company submitted the list of insureds, Liu stated that he was suffering from liver cancer in the health column.Situation of sick leave
B.Zhang, in good health, apply for simple personal insurance under the collective organization of the unit, and fill in the word "health" in the "Health condition of the insured" column on the insurance policy.
C.In the new semester, the school asked each new student to pay an insurance fee of 25 yuan, including 10 yuan for student safety insurance and 15 yuan for additional disease insurance.On September 8th, the freshman Zhang had abdominal pain and was diagnosed as a congenital disease by the hospital.After Zhang was hospitalized, Zhang's father filed a reimbursement of medical expenses to the insurance company.
D.Li was hospitalized for stomach cancer, was discharged after surgery, and participated in work normally.Later, Li introduced the fact that he had insured simple life insurance, filled out an insurance form, and did not declare the fact that he had cancer when he filled out the insurance form.

b
Thinking: refers to the human brain's reflection of objective and indirect generalizations.Thinking can be divided into (1) action thinking according to the different objects or thinking states in the thinking process, which refers to the thinking supported by actual actions in the thinking process.Its characteristic is that the task is intuitive, given in a specific form, and the solution is the actual action; (2) Image thinking refers to the process of analysis, synthesis, abstraction, and generalization using appearances.The feature is the use of clear, vivid and objective Image; (3) Abstract thinking refers to the process of reflecting the laws of movement of objective things by means of concepts, judgments, reasoning and other forms, and understanding the essential characteristics and internal connections of things.
Which of the following fits the definition of action thinking?
A.Holmes found that the killer must have exited from the chimney on the roof by finding no other exit in the house, although the chimney was small
B.Hong Xiguan ’s son was asked to watch his father practice martial arts every day when he was very young.Gradually, he was able to compare with his father
Professor C.Liu likes to illustrate the problem by citing a large number of examples in his article
D.Architectural students sometimes need to make a model based on architectural drawings when designing architectural plans.This seems to be more helpful in finding defects in architectural design.

a
The media have powerful power that can't be resisted.They are passed on to the recipient as if the bullet hit the body and the medicament is injected into the skin.The audience is completely passive.Feelings, knowledge, and personality differences in the audience's response to the information provided by the mass media are negligible.
If the following are true, which most weakens the above view is
A.A person's response to a specific stimulus will inevitably lead to a specific response
B.Adhering to the needs of readers does not create maximum benefits for the audience
C.Society is generally worried about the vulgarization of TV programs
D.Abolition of the film rating system has not affected the number and composition of its audience

c
Psychological cues refer to the use of implicit and indirect methods to influence the psychology and behavior of others.The cues often make others act unconsciously in a certain way, or accept certain opinions or beliefs uncritically.
Which of the following conversations has no psychological implications? ?
A."Why are you so stingy? Are you sick?"
B."You can do it.You will be able to run first in the competition later."
C."Do not smoke in the classroom!"
D."This dish is made by a famous chef, it is very delicious, you try it!"

b
Metaphysics refers to the worldview or methodology that is opposite to dialectics.It refers to the world from an isolated, static, one-sided point of view, thinking that everything is isolated and never change; if there is a change, it is only the increase or decrease of the quantity or the place.Change, the reason for this increase or decrease or change is not inside things but outside things.
which of the following are metaphysics?
A.Hegel: When a hand leaves the body, it loses its meaning as a hand
B.Zhuangzi: One foot in one foot, half of the day, endless forever
C.Heraclitus: No one can step into the same river twice
D.Bacon: The value of science in people's minds must be determined by its practice

c
Holiday promotion refers to a new sales method, combining the characteristics of consumers who have time and purchasing power on holidays, and adopts some unique sales methods to promote the sale of goods.
Which of the following are not holiday promotions?
A.Every weekend, in the Xinjiekou business district of Nanjing, there will be a song and dance performances at the entrance of each major shopping mall to attract consumers to patronize
B.A shopping mall announced that during the National Day seven-day holiday, buy 400 yuan goods and get 100 yuan shopping vouchers
C.Because a shopping mall is undergoing expansion and renovation, it will sell 20% off all products before it is closed for renovation.
D.During Children's Day, a certain brand of toys advertises, and everyone who buys their toys can participate in the raffle

c
Self-worth refers to the ability of the self, the value of the spirit and life.Self-worth is an inherent existence and a potential value that must be externalized, objectified, and realized as real value through various practical activities.
Which of the following is not what we usually say about the realization of self-worth?
A.Yang Liwei worked hard to become the first person in China's space
B.Liu Xiang won the gold medal in the 110-meter hurdle at the Olympic Games, which tied the world record
C.San Mao in "Wandering in San Mao" gave himself a price of 100 yuan
D.University graduates start a business after graduation and start their own company

d
The conformal thinking shackle refers to a bad mindset that recognizes and judges and solves problems, agrees with the majority, and has a lot of people.It lacks its own independent thinking, has no opinion, and has no sense of innovation.
Which of the following expressions does not belong to the "concrete thinking shackles"?
A.Expert opinions are trustworthy
B.Many pedestrians in front of them ran a red light and rushed to them
C.Adults often reverse their children's "left-handed" habits
D.With reference to the standard of a certain star, Xiao Wang accurate the height of the "interested person" to two decimal places.

a
Bionics is a science that mimics the special ability to live things and uses the structure and functional principles of living things to develop machinery or various new technologies.
Which of the following are the results of bionics?
A.People use some chemical substances to obtain cold light similar to biological light (such as fireflies) for safety lighting.
B.Scientific research shows that gorillas have the closest intelligence to humans, and scientists have speculated that gorillas are a branch of the evolution and development of human ancestors.
C.Alaskan dogs are used for sledging because they are tough and hardworking and have a spirit of unity and cooperation
D.A parrot is very clever, it will say "Welcome", "Thank you", etc., and become a beloved pet in a bar

a
Sea election refers to a direct election that does not nominate candidates.
Which of the following does not belong to the election?
A.A unit of the group congress adopted a balance of three out of five when electing the deputy secretary.
B.The village branch secretary of Daxing Village uses self-recommendation, voters vote, and those who get more votes are elected
C.A campus literature society recruits several officers and asks for a recommendation
D.A shopping mall is hiring a business manager, requiring a bachelor degree or above, 35-38 years old, familiar with business processes

a
Compulsory consumption, according to Article 9 of the Consumer Rights Protection Law: Consumers have the right to choose goods or services independently, consumers have the right to choose the operators who provide goods or services, choose the type of goods or services, and Decided to purchase or not to purchase any kind of goods, accept or not accept any service.If any one of the above rights is restricted when consumers consume, it means forced consumption.
Which of the following is not a "compulsory consumption" behavior?
A.When the train is running, passengers can only eat on the train's dining car
B.A group of tourists were taken to a jade shop for shopping before visiting the Ming Tombs
C.A city starts the overall digital TV conversion plan, and will close analog TV programs in the next three months
D.When a customer is shopping, a food store uses food instead of change if the customer does not agree

d
Cultural identity means that a particular individual or group believes that a certain cultural system (values, lifestyles, etc.) is inherent in its own psychological and personality structure, and consciously follows it to evaluate things and regulate behavior.
Which of the following does not belong to cultural identity?
A.The culture of the Hui nationality is intertwined and integrated with the Han and Islamic cultures, and its lifestyle, customs and other aspects are deeply influenced by the two cultures.
B.In a Marlboro TV commercial, the image of the famous cowboy wielding a reindeer cow in the western United States wasteland is cool, but Hong Kong smokers admire white-collar life, envy the boss, and see the cowboy at work The wind blows the sun.Smoking Marlboro cigarettes is too unproductive, too unpretentious
C.Once a nation's cultural model is formed, it will inevitably dominate the thoughts and behaviors of every member of society
D.An old Russian lady who traveled to the United States was in tears when she saw the old Russian newspaper wrapped in the gift when she received a gift from a friend from Russia.

b
"Blacklist" of credit quality refers to the disclosure of certain individuals or units' violations of laws and regulations in economic activities within a certain range through certain information systems.Management tools.
What does not meet the above definition?
A.The China Banking Regulatory Commission recently issued a notification "list" to various financial institutions, calling for high vigilance against loans to companies on the list
B.A magazine disclosed that when a passenger asked for an invoice from a dining car, he actually received a receipt with the word "meal"
C.Since October 1, the People's Bank of China has included people with bad credit into the "Personal Credit Information Database"
D.The cultural administrative department of a province has recently decided to establish credit files for various cultural business units, and those with poor credit will be punished to a certain extent.

d
Director Wang commented on Li one day and said, "He, which of the following can you do? You can't grow food like farmers, you can't make products like workers, you can't defend the country like fighters, and you can't make profits and pay taxes like businessmen.I'm disappointed with him."
According to Director Wang's comment on Li, can it be launched?
A.Lee did nothing
B.Lee can't do anything
C.Lee earned for nothing
D.Need to continue to understand Lee

b
In today's audiovisual market, genuine laser discs and video discs are not selling well, while pirated laser discs and video discs are constantly banned and the sales are very hot.Some analysts believe that this is mainly because the price of pirated discs is more There are advantages, so it is more dynamic in the market.
Which of the following is the assumption implicit in this analyst's analysis?
A.Genuine laser discs and video discs are often dull in content and do not meet the needs of the market
B.Compared with the difference in price, the quality of genuine piracy is not much different
C.Intellectual property protection cracks down on pirated disks
D.Pirated CDs and video discs have a smoother channel than genuine discs

a
The average income of scientists is too low compared to their contribution.The income of the most outstanding scientists should not be compared with the average famous actors, singers, sports stars, hotel managers, and the most outstanding among them.compared to.
Except which of the following, the remaining items may be the meaning expressed in the above discussion?
A.The most outstanding scientists earn no less than ordinary celebrities, singers, sports stars and hotel managers
B.The income of some scientists is not too low compared to their contribution
C.The most outstanding celebrities, singers, sports stars, and hotel managers generally earn more than the most outstanding scientists
D.The income of the most distinguished scientists should not be lower than that of the most distinguished actors, singers, sports stars and hotel managers

a
College students must learn the basics of natural science.If algebra is compulsory or geometry is compulsory, all students will learn mathematics.Some students will learn differential equations, but algebra and triangles are compulsory for all students.
therefore?
A.All students will learn math
B.All students will learn algebra
C.All students will learn differential equations
D.All students will learn the basics of natural sciences

b
In-country A.more complicated civil trials often exceed the jury's understanding.As a result, the jury's decision on this is often wrong.Therefore, it has been suggested that judges, rather than juries, should be involved in more complicated civil trials.This will improve the quality of services provided by the judiciary.
Which of the following assumptions is based on the above recommendations? ?
A.Jury decisions often go wrong even when it comes to uncomplicated civil trials
B.Judges have a better understanding of the complexity of those trials than jury members when deciding on complex civil trials
C.The complexity of most civil trials exceeds the jury's understanding
D.Some countries with the same legal system other than Country A have already had similar proposals and have a record of their implementation.

c
In his summary of the work, the mayor said that in each of the past five years, the city has cut education funding, and every time school officials complain that reducing education funding may force them to reduce the cost of basic services.Each time, it only reduces the cost of non-essential services; therefore, school officials can implement further cuts in funding without reducing the cost of any essential services.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the mayor's conclusion?
A.The provision of basic services by schools in the city is always as effective as the provision of non-essential services
B.Since the recent cuts in school funding, the city's schools have estimated that prices for non-essential services have not actually increased
C.Adequate funding now allows schools in the city to provide certain non-essential services
D.Few important city managers support expensive non-essential services in the city's schools

a
In a country's presidential election, the incumbent president seeking re-election emphasized in his campaign speech: "During the administration of this government, the unemployment rate has decreased by two percentage points.
If one of the following is true, can it effectively weaken the above defense? ?
A.The government used the method of lowering interest rates to stimulate the development of industry and commerce, which increased the inflation rate by 40%.
B.Reduced crime rate due to reduced unemployment pressure
C.Increased employment, reducing government welfare spending
D.Unemployment rate declines, and employment of new graduates is easier

c
Intellectual motivation method: also known as brainstorming method, brainstorming method.A collective creative method that produces creative ideas in the form of group discussions.
According to the above definition, which of the following is intellectual stimulation methods?
A.Press conference of the State Council
B.A small range of new product introductions
C.Symposium of the sales team on opening up new markets
D.Company manager reports to the board of directors on production and sales performance

d
Commercial bribery refers to the use of a business bribe to provide a transaction partner, its staff or their agents with This kind of interest, so as to realize the unfair competition behavior of the transaction.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is non-commercial bribes?
A.In order to encourage tour guides to guide tourists from other places to their shopping malls, a shop owner stipulates that if a tour guide leads tourists to a shopping mall, the tour guide and driver will be paid a certain amount of "guide shopping fee" according to the number of tourists.
B.In March 2004, Merck (MSD), one of the world's top 500 companies, fired more than 20 deputy regional managers and medical representatives in China on the grounds that "reimbursement of entertainment expenses in the name of academic promotion" for customers or partners
C.Lucent dismisses its China President Qi Daoxie, Chief Operating Officer Guan Hurd and Treasurer and Marketing Manager on the grounds that they offer rebates to partners
D.A school presented a box of awesome gifts to alumni and VIPs who came to the school's 60th anniversary celebration event and invited them to a hearty lunch

d
Social assistance: refers to the living security system provided by members of the state for families and individuals who are lonely and lonely without a source of income and who suffer from natural disasters and man-made disasters, making life difficult for a while.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following are in line with this concept?
A.Charity donation
B.Hope Project
C.Send New Year's goods to the lonely elderly
D.Unemployment benefits

a
Murphy's Law: If something is likely to go bad, this possibility will become a reality; its scope of application is very broad, and it reveals a unique social and natural phenomenon.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is the following that does not belong to Murphy's Law?
A.The weather forecast is rainy, but the umbrellas that can be brought are not useful.
B.It is difficult to find pairs of socks in drawers that are not placed in pairs
C.When you line up to buy tickets, the team next to you always progress faster than the one you lined up
D.A collapsed floor caused the entire building to collapse during the fire

c
Premonition: Refers to a person's pre-perception of information about future events through dreams, hallucinations, intuitions, and so on.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following anticipation?
A.Wellington found that spiders spined and snarled, and concluded that river water would freeze
B.Prussian soldiers passed Persian cats out of the French position to bask in the sun every day, and concluded that there were French commanders there
C.Lincoln dreamed that he was assassinated, he told others he would be assassinated
D.Zhukov's method of crossing a swamp by a peasant thought of the way that tanks passed through the swamp

b
The peaceful development of the world is conducive to the integration of the world economy.Only when the world economy is integrated and new standards recognized globally can we have human democracy.
Can it be derived from this text?
A.There can be no world economic integration without human democracy
B.There can be no human democracy without new norms that are globally recognized
C.Peaceless development of the world without human democracy
D.Without the integration of the world economy, there will be no new globally accepted norms

c
Honest and honest cadres are ethical cadres, and cadres who are dedicated to the people are cadres who are stricter than self-discipline.The degradation of some corrupt elements is the result of relaxing their strict requirements.The cadres who are dedicated to personal self-interest are not one A well-behaved cadre, a cadre seeking personal self-interest can never be a cadre with one heart.Zhang Yejia is a well-honed cadre.
Can it be derived from this text?
A.Zhang Yejia is a clean and honest official
B.Zhang Yejia is a cadre who is dedicated to the people
C.Zhang Yejia is not a cadre who is dedicated to personal self-interest
D.Zhang Yejia is not a degenerate cadre who relaxes his strict requirements

c
The system contains two aspects: formal legal rules and informal customs.It is the result of a transaction.After the establishment of the system, a relatively stable pattern of interest is formed, resulting in institutional inertia.In this inertia, changes in customs and laws and laws The rules change slowly.
Can it be derived from this text?
A.No change will occur after the system is formed
B.Institutional changes are spontaneous
C.Institutional change is a gradual process
D.With the improvement of the system, the change of the system will become slower and slower, or even "end"

d
If Argentina joins the alliance, Brazil and Chile will boycott the alliance.If Brazil and Chile have one country boycott the alliance, then the alliance will exist in name only, and the alliance will not exist in name.
Can it be derived from this text?
A.Brazil does not participate in the alliance
B.Brazil joins the alliance
C.At least one of Chile or Brazil is not a member of the Union
D.Argentina does not participate in the alliance

d
All postgraduates have strong research ability, and anyone with strong research ability can enter the university to be a teacher.Some graduates from Fuzhou have become university teachers; some doctoral graduates from Fuzhou have also become University teacher; for some reason, the wives of all PhD graduates who came to Fuzhou did not move into Fuzhou.
Based on this text, which of the following can't be judged?
A.All postgraduates can enter the university as teachers
B.Some university teachers have strong research skills
C.Some college teachers' wives do not move into Fuzhou
D.Some wives of graduate students have not moved to Fuzhou

c
For doctors, it is much more reliable to diagnose diseases based on physical examination results than medical experience, and doctors may therefore require some patients with mild or non-pathological symptoms to undergo unnecessary medical examinations.However, the number and number of physical examination items also increase.In order to avoid the possibility of misdiagnosis, some indicators abnormal caused by errors in physical examination equipment may cause doctors to make wrong judgments.
Can it be derived from this text?
A.Medical examinations are gaining more and more attention as a way of health care
B.Not all diseases can be detected by physical examination
C.For patients, the more medical examinations, the better
D.Doctors' diagnosis based on experience is more scientific than the results of physical examination

d
Traditional moral education in our country has always emphasized obedience and obligations.If which of the following is needed in the traditional society and the planned economy system is to perform obligations and abide by the "common people" who obey, then modern society and market economy require everyone to actively participate in public Citizens who live and dare to own power.
The one that best supports the above argument?
A.The primary goal of education in the new era is to cultivate students' citizenship and improve their quality.
B.It turns out that traditional obedience and compulsory education are not adapted to modern society
C.Traditional moral education conflicts with moral education in the new era
D.Modern society and market economy require greater participation of citizens in public life and public affairs

d
The formation of scientific and technological innovation capabilities is a process that requires a certain environment.If people consciously and wisely create an environment conducive to scientific and technological innovation, they can stimulate the social potential of scientific and technological innovation and reduce the time from scientific and technological innovation to industrial use.
Can it be derived from this text?
A.Scientific and technological innovation capabilities have become the most critical manifestation of national strength
B.Talent is the most important determinant of technological innovation
C.Technological innovation requires adequate financial support
D.The environment determines the process of technological innovation

c
If you want to protect the urban environment, you must restrict the development of private cars and prioritize the development of urban public transport.If you do not prioritize the development of urban buses, you cannot restrict the development of private cars.Urban environmental protection and the improvement of the living standards of urban residents should be in parallel Only by continuously improving the living standards of urban residents can the private car industry be developed.
Can it be derived from this text?
A.Developing the private car industry can promote citizen employment
B.The relationship between the development of private cars and the development of urban public transport should be actively and properly handled
C.If there is no priority in developing urban public transport, then urban environmental protection is a nonsense
D.Only by improving the living standards of urban residents can we truly implement urban environmental protection

d
According to relevant surveys, 70% of Chinese families do not raise pets as long as they have children.Their view is that pets are a threat to the health of children.In some Western countries, pets are almost available to every family.For them, pets are children.Indispensable playmates in growing up
Can it be derived from this text?
A.Chinese love children more than pets
B.Westerners love pets more than their children
C.Pets have advantages and disadvantages for children, more harm than good
D.Chinese and Western families have different ideas about pet keeping

a
Jealousy: Refers to the jealousy of others' wealth.
Which of the following are jealous and conscious
A.Very few people come to trouble him once he knows that XX is richer
B.Many people and units are unwilling to speak even if they are legitimate economic sources
C.Xiao Wang newly bought a diamond ring worth tens of thousands of yuan, and his colleagues in the office agreed that it was not good-looking
D.There is a view that some sectors and people get rich first through legitimate channels, which may also prevent common prosperity.

a
Tragedy in the commons: Also known as the tragedy in the commons, it means that everyone enjoys starting from his own private interests and striving for more income from it, and the price paid is borne by everyone.
Which of the following are not part of the commons tragedy
A.Both sides of the arms race are facing a dilemma-on the one hand, military forces are increasing, on the other hand, national security is increasingly threatened
B.In a game, any "winning" side departs from the game, and any "losing" side departs from the game.
C.A group of herdsmen graze together on a public pasture.Many herdsmen want to raise more sheep to increase their personal income.As a result, the pasture continues to degrade until the sheep can no longer be raised, and eventually all herders go bankrupt
D.Some enterprises discharge sewage sewage, chemical radiative pollutants and high-temperature waste into the water body, and discharge toxic exhaust gas into the atmosphere.

c
The geographical direction of foreign trade: refers to the source of imported goods and the destination of exported goods in a country or region, thereby reflecting the degree of economic and trade links between that country and other countries or regions.
Which of the following are geographical directions of foreign trade:
A.In 2003, the Shanghai Cooperation Organization successfully held a counter-terrorism exercise
B.The end of the first national economic census, China's economic aggregate rose to the sixth in the world
C.Customs statistics, the EU became China's largest trading partner in 2004
D.China-European and US textile trade frictions were finally resolved through negotiation

d
Cognitive Intervention: The principle of cognitive intervention is that a person's psychological activity and state are determined by their internal cognitive concepts.The root of an individual's psychological problem is an unreasonable cognitive concept in his mind.Theoretical knowledge to change an individual's unreasonable perception.
Which of the following are not cognitive interventions
A.Before performing an operation, the medical staff tells the patient that the operation is necessary and safe with correct medical and physiological knowledge, and eliminates the patient's anxiety
B.The school has a plan to step by step to influence the psychological activities, personality characteristics, or their psychological problems of relevant personnel in the school.
C.For depression patients, provide another conceptual system that can explain their observations and experiences to replace their original beliefs
D.Teachers who are eager to improve their theoretical level, provide them with systematic theoretical knowledge based on their actual situation

a
In the world's total population, the ratio of men and women is equal, but the yellow race is much more than the black race.In other races, the proportion of men is greater than women.
From this
A.More yellow women than black men
B.Yellow males more than black females
C.More yellow males than black males
D.More yellow women than black women

b
Due to fierce survival competition in its ecological area, the number of elderly elephants is decreasing year by year, and the survival rate of young elephants has also greatly increased.
Continue this way, it is foreseeable within two years
A.The number of older elephants will be less than the number of young elephants
B.Proportion of juvenile elephants will increase
C.The proportion of young elephants will decrease
D.The proportion of young elephants will increase

c
Data from public security organs show that some people in the entertainment industry take drugs, and some of the high-level intellectuals also take drugs.Some of the drug users are women, and a large proportion of robbers are drug users.
From this
A.Robbers are also among senior intellectuals
B.Drug users account for the majority of robbers
C.Some robbers maybe women
D.Some robbers are not women

d
Xiao Ding said: "As long as Director Gao looks at him, the 2006 annual statistical report will not go wrong." Xiao Chen said, "If Xiao Ding and I are serious and responsible, Director Gao will not look at me." With the 2006 statistical report, he saw at a glance that one of the statistics was problematic."
If one of the three is wrong and Director Gao did read the 2006 statistical report, then it can be launched
A.Pony tells lies
B.Xiao Chen told a lie
C.Xiaoding was not responsible
D.Xiaoding or Xiaochen are not responsible

c
If the gross national product has increased and the public's consumption psychology has changed, then the supply of vegetables will increase significantly; if the gross domestic product has not improved or the supply of vegetables will increase significantly, the minimum living of urban residents will not be guaranteed; If it increases significantly, then either farmers' incomes or social welfare will increase, and in fact, the minimum living of urban residents is guaranteed.
From this
A.Farmers have increased their income
B.Social benefits have increased
C.The consumer psychology has not changed
D.Consumer psychology has changed

c
The more economically fast developing countries in the world, the more people watch the meter.The slower the developing countries, the less frequently people watch the watch.Earlier, the order of economic development was the United States and Japan., Netherlands, Singapore, Italy, South Korea, Hong Kong, China Taiwan ...But these arrangements always change with convection.
Based on this, we can think
A.The frequency of watch table determines the speed of economic development
B.The speed of economic development determines the frequency of the watch
C Earlier, the Dutch watched more watches than Hunan
D.Americans always watch first in the world

b
After the safety inspection of the city's passenger buses this spring, the three traffic policemen A.B, and C have the following conclusions: A: All CMB passenger cars have overload problems.B: All CMB passenger cars have no overload problems.C: There is an overload problem between Ruyi's CMB passenger car and Auspicious Company's CMB passenger car.
If only one of the above three conclusions is wrong, which of the following must be true.
A A.B, C Ruyi's CMB passenger car and Auspicious Company's CMB passenger car do not have an overload problem
Both the Ruyi company's CMB bus and Jixiang's CMB bus have overload problems
C.Ruyi's CMB passenger car has an overload problem, but Auspicious Company's CMB passenger car does not have an overload problem
D Lucky ’s CMB buses have overload problems, but Ruyi ’s CMB buses do not have overload problems

a
Some teaching and research office will send some teachers to participate in an international academic seminar.According to the work arrangement, Which of the following conditions must be met: (1) If Mr.Zhao or Qian is going, then Sun should also go; Must go; (3) If Teacher Qian does not go, then Teacher Li goes, but Teacher Zhou cannot go; (4) If Director Zong goes, then Teacher Zhou should also go.
From this
A.Teacher Qian, Teacher Sun should go
B.Teacher Qian and Teacher Sun should not go
C.Teacher Qian should go, Teacher Sun should not go
D.Teacher Sun should go, Teacher Qian should not go

b
I have asked all my relatives, and no one knows his whereabouts.
The above judgment is false, and the following judgments can be determined to be true:
A.Some relatives do n’t know where they are
B.Some relatives know where they are
C.No relative knows his whereabouts
D.The relatives who knew who was clearly missing did not ask

a
Some animals that are not fish look like fish.
Equivalent to the above judgments are:
A.Some animals that look like fish are not fish
B.Some animals that look like fish are fish
C.Some animals that are not fish do not look like fish
D.Some fish do not look like fish

c
If "classmates in our class don't use computers" is a true judgment,
Which of the following is not sure whether it is true or false:
A.At least one student in our class does not use a computer
B.All students in our class use computers
C.Some students in our class use computers
D.Some people who don't use computers are our classmates

d
Someone said, "It's impossible that everyone will vote for him."
The meaning most similar to the above judgment is:
A.Maybe everyone will vote for him
B.Maybe no one will vote for him
C.Inevitably everyone will vote for him
D.Someone will not vote for him

b
Investigators found that the victim had mentioned the threat to her friend twice, once in May 1996, when she proposed to break up with her boyfriend Zhou, who threatened to destroy her capacity.The other time did not say time, only said She was often threatened by Zhou for 6 years.
Which of the following facts best supports?
A.The victim was threatened by Zhou in May 1996
B.Zhou threatened the victim for 6 years
C.The victim was killed by Zhou
D.Victims are often threatened for breaking up with Zhou

c
If you close all the wrong doors, truth will be shut out."
The meaning closest to the above judgment is:
A.If truth is turned away, it must be that you have closed all the wrong doors
B.Only when the doors of all errors are removed, will truth not be turned away
C.If truth has not been rejected, then it must have closed the door to all errors
D.To accept the truth, one must reject mistakes

b
In order to communicate successfully, we need to refer to overlapping systems, and the world we see in this way is a compatible world.But we cannot have the same experience with all people, so the exact same reference system is not possible.
The ones that best support the above reasoning are:
A.Identical reference systems must be compatible
B.Identical reference systems must rely on the same experience
C.Different experiences create an incompatible world
D.Successful communication is impossible

d
The houses in the village are not wooden houses.Some houses are painted in color.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Some houses are painted wooden houses
B.Some houses are not painted wooden houses
C.Some houses are either wooden or painted
D.Some houses are either not wooden or not painted

d
There is a batch of new products that do not meet the requirements.After inspection, the reasons for the failure are not due to poor quality of the raw materials or product design errors.Therefore, we believe that this batch of products is not due to the low level of workers' technical skills.
What best supports the above conclusions are:
A.There are many factors affecting product quality
B.The factory did not provide the necessary training for workers
C.There are always many twists and turns in new products.
D.The product does not meet the requirements, either due to poor quality of raw materials or due to errors in product design, or due to low technical skills of workers

c
When a language's predicate is ranked after the object, its owner is always ranked before the noun head.
Logically exclusive to the meaning of this sentence is:
A.When the predicate of a language is arranged before the object, the owner is also arranged before the noun head
B.When the predicates of a language are arranged before the object, some of the owners are arranged before the noun head, and some are arranged after the noun head.
C.When the owner of a language comes after the noun head, the predicate comes after the object
D.When the owner of a language comes before the noun head, the predicate comes before the object

c
Stress refers to the response of living things to external stimuli.It is a measure of biological advantage and avoidance of harm.It is also one of the basic characteristics of living things.
Which of the following are stressful?
A.The firecracker explodes when it ignites
B.Throwing stones into the lake waves
C.The hand touches the burning candle and retracts immediately
D.Iron nails rust in a humid environment

d
There are two ways for animals to digest food, intracellular digestion and extracellular digestion.Intracellular digestion is a single-celled protozoan that swallows food particles into cells for digestion.
Which of the following belong to intracellular digestion?
A.The stomachs of birds digest food
B.Intravenous glucose solution when you cannot eat when you are sick
C.Cows ruminate the food they eat at rest
D.Paramecium swallows Bacillus subtilis living in fresh water

d
Body fluids refer to a large number of water-based liquids contained in the human body, including intracellular fluids and extracellular fluids.In addition to containing a large amount of water, there are many ions and compounds.
Which of the following are not body fluids?
A.Sweat from a hot environment
B.Plasma flowing in blood vessels
C.interstitial fluid
D.Lymph flowing in the lymphatic vessels

b
Reflex refers to the regular response of the animal or human body to changes in the internal and external environment with the participation of the central nervous system.
Which of the following are not reflective?
A.Human hand retracts immediately when it touches a burning candle
B.Reach out and touch the leaves of Mimosa.
C.Pavlov's experiments on dogs, the dog secretes saliva when rattles, even if no food is provided
D.The cat chased after seeing the mouse, although not hungry

b
Test reliability refers to the objectivity of the test: the degree to which a test reflects the true level of the candidate.
According to the above definition, which one has little effect on the reliability of the test?
A.Teacher Zhang gave 50 points for the same composition, but Teacher Zhao gave only 30 points
B.Many girls did not answer this question about football matches correctly
C.The test day was extremely sultry, and many students' performance was affected.
D.Before the college entrance examination, the math teacher won two big questions, and the students were very happy after the entrance examination.

a
Competition is the competition between two or more creatures for resources and space.The result of competition often manifests as mutual inhibition, sometimes manifested by one side being dominant and the other being inferior or dead.
Isn't the following two creatures competing?
A.The fight of monkeys for the throne
B.Rice and Yarrow in rice fields
C.Cows and sheep on the same field
D.Grass carp and catfish in the same pond

d
Civil legal relationship is a social relationship with civil rights and obligations that occurs between civil subjects and regulated by civil law.
Which of the following situations forms a civil legal relationship?
A.Young man A and young woman B agree to go out together
B.Young men A and young women B encourage each other to make progress together
C.Young man A and young woman B establish a relationship
D.Young man A gives gift to young woman B

d
The relative intensity is the ratio between two different but related aggregate indicators, which are used to explain the comprehensive indicator of the intensity, density, and prevalence of the phenomenon.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following description that belongs to the relative number of intensity?
A.In 2006, China's per capita GDP exceeded US $ 2,000
B.In 2007, the average monthly salary of urban employees in a certain area was 1,800 yuan
C.The ratio of per capita GDP of the United States to China is about 20: 1
D.The labor productivity in a certain region in January 2008 was 3,000 yuan / person

b
Seasonal change means that certain objective phenomena have certain regular and obvious fluctuations with the change of seasons within a year.
According to the above definition, which of the following is seasonal changes?
A.Freezing weather in Changsha once every 50 years in spring of 2008
B.From June to August 2006, the highest sales volume of watermelons in Changsha
C.The number of postgraduates applying for examination in 2007 decreased by 72,000 compared with 2006
D.China's consumer price index rose rapidly in the winter of 2007

b
Judging from the formal characteristics of legal rules, they can be divided into normative rules and standard rules.Normative rules refer to rules whose content is clear, affirmative and specific, and can be directly applied; standard rules refer to parts of legal rules or The entire content (factual status, rights, obligations, consequences, etc.) has a certain flexibility, and must be interpreted before it can be used and the appropriate amount of rules.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are normative rules:
A."This street is closed to traffic between 6 am and 6 pm"
B."Each voter has only one right to vote in an election"
C."Civil activities should respect social morality and must not harm social public interests"
D."The administrative organ shall inform the parties that they have the right to request a hearing before making administrative penalties such as ordering production and business suspension, revocation of licenses or licenses, and large fines."

d
Legal liability refers to the special obligation to compensate for damages, enforce performance or accept punishment caused by specific legal facts, that is, secondary obligations due to violation of primary obligations.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are the ones that cause legal liability:
A.Chen reported to a TV station that revealed a company's false report.The TV station did not report
B.After being reminded by the bus conductor, Lee still did not give up the seat to the disabled Wang, but Wang was crushed
C.Sun Mou and Xiao Mou fell in love, and later broke up because of emotional disagreement, Xiao Mou was extremely distressed and suffered from depression
D.A company requires workers to work at least 16 hours a day, and overtime costs 5 yuan per hour

c
On the premise of the existence of different interest groups (or individuals) and the scarcity of target objects, the competition for a common goal among people in society, between groups and groups is competition.
According to the above definition, Which of the following behaviors are not competitive:
A.2009 World Snooker British Championship, Ding Junhui defeated Higgins 10: 8 to win the championship
B.Relevant information shows that in 2010, more than one million people took the national civil servant recruitment examination
C.On December 9, 2009, Bayern Munich defeated Juventus 4-1 to obtain the right to qualify for the Champions League group stage
D.At the company's gala, everyone launched a song concert

a
The so-called false accusation and frame crime refer to the act of fabricating facts and false accusations to frame others with the intention of subjecting them to criminal prosecution.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts constitute false accusations:
A.B fabricated the fact that "Wenmou raped a young girl" and reported it to the judicial department
B.A and Ding have a long-term disagreement, so they fabricated Ding to pack his lover and report anonymously, so that Ding and his wife divorced
C.C fabricated the fact that a colleague Wanmou took a bribe of 100,000 yuan and printed a large number of leaflets to post on the streets of the county
D.Ding anonymously reported that Li had robbed another 500,000 yuan.It was later found that Li had robbed only 5,000 yuan

a
A blood relationship is an interpersonal relationship formed on the basis of ancestry or a physical connection, or an interpersonal relationship formed on the basis of marriage and blood relationship.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following relationships are related:
A.Zhang San was away on business and met a cousin from his hometown.
B.The first meeting of class 88 students from a Chinese university
C.Xiao Zhang was sent to Japan to study by the company and met an old friend from Tokyo many years ago
D.Li Tiemei sings in Beijing Opera "Red Lantern": "My cousin in my family is innumerable ...Although he is a relative and does not recognize each other ...but he is even closer than his relatives."

d
Excessive socialization refers to the advancement of some socialization tasks of adults to some young people.Now our education prematurely and excessively gives children social norms, discipline constraints and uniform identity, which can easily cause adolescents' Excessive socialization.
According to the above definition, Which of the following behaviors are not excessively socialized:
A.Lao Zhou said that the child of his colleague Mr.Li was too smart, and he knew at an early age "to see people talk to others, to see ghost talk about ghosts"
B.A survey shows that there are very many primary and secondary school students who want to be the team leader, and when they grow up, they want to be an official is the main life goal of many children.
C.In 2007, Shen Shijun, a 9-year-old prodigy in Hong Kong, was accepted by a university in Hong Kong.
D.Some people describe the popular Lao Lao ethnic group among young people as: "It has been unemployed, the second Lao Laoguang, three full meals, weak limbs, good facial features, six relatives disregarded, seven points wayward, eight directions free, nine (long) sitting still Very useless."

a
The unified command principle means that in a formal organization, at any time, a subordinate should accept and only accept the order of a superior and report his work to this superior.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following options violate the principle of unified command:
A.The general manager delegates the responsibility for product sales to a deputy general manager in charge of market operations, who is responsible for the regional distribution offices.At the same time, the general manager requires the managers of the regional distribution offices to report directly to the chief accountant every day.Sales
B.Zhang Zhang, the chief clerk working in the provincial government department, found that his direct supervisor had committed bribery, so he reported the supervisor's illegal behavior to the Provincial Discipline Inspection Commission.
C.Doctor Wang is a surgeon in a hospital and a member of the hospital union.One day, Doctor Wang received a surgical arrangement and received a notification from the chairman of the union that he wanted to participate in an event.Union activities
D.Mr.Liu, a business group company, went to a shopping mall subordinate to the company to make an unannounced visit.Some employees were found to have violated the company's system at the scene.

c
An administrative subject refers to an organization that enjoys administrative powers, can exercise national administrative powers in its own name, perform administrative actions that affect the rights and obligations of counterparties, and can bear administrative-legal responsibility externally.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not administrative subjects:
A.Administrative agencies
B.Organizations authorized by laws and regulations to exercise administrative power
C.Governor of Jiangxi Provincial People's Government
D.Administrative agencies

c
At present, the mainstream view is that the excessive carbon emissions that result from climate change occur during human production and consumption."Low-carbon life" means that to reduce the excessive carbon emissions that lead to climate change, it is necessary to optimize and restrict certain consumption and Production activities to advocate a lifestyle with lower (or lower) greenhouse gas (carbon dioxide-based) emissions.It can be simply understood as: "Eat moderately, live, travel, use, not waste, and exercise more."
According to the above definition, which of the following behaviors is not a low-carbon life:
A.The insulating glass used in buildings
B.Car oil change regularly
C.Use disposable paper cups
D.On weekends, more and more students from a university walk home

c
In 008, a survey conducted by a "urban survey team" in China showed that among married young couples born in the "80s", the proportion of people living with their parents or parents-in-law accounted for more than 55% of the population of that age; Compared with married couples in the "70s", this proportion has increased by 22%.From this perspective, married couples in the "80s" are more difficult to bear the pressure of independent living.
Which of the following assumptions is most likely based on the above conclusions?
A.Young couples from the "80s" prefer to live in a two-person world
B.Some post-80s young couples do not want their parents to take care of their children, so they are not willing to live with both parents
C.As long as the "post-80s" young couples can live independently, they will not choose to live with both parents
D.Some "post-80s" young couples do not want children due to work pressure

d
The company held an important meeting and Xiao Zhang was late again.Manager Wang of the company criticized him and said, "Xiao Zhang, why are you late again?" Xiao Zhang explained: "Because you are late, you are late."
Which of the following statements correctly describes the error in the inference above?
A.Use of a premise that can neither prove true nor false in principle
B.Generalize the conclusion that an individual type of a thing is true to all kinds of such things
C.Use a strong argument
D.Treating the phenomenon itself as an explanation of that phenomenon

a
College students have to learn a lot in college.Xiao Wang is a college student, so he has learned a lot.
Which of the following arguments demonstrates the most similar inference errors?
A.Fruits are rich in various vitamins.Apple is a fruit, so apples are rich in vitamins.
B.All old employees are excellent, Li Gang is a new employee, so Li Gang is not an excellent employee
C.The editor of a university journal not only organizes and edits manuscripts, but also writes many academic articles.Lao Zheng is an editor of the journal, so he has also written many academic articles.
D.Some students in this university have good academic performance.Xiao Zhao is a student in this university, so her academic performance is very good.

a
It's impossible that all Jiangxi people like peppers.
Which of the following judgments has the closest meaning to the above judgment?
A.Some Jiangxi people do not like to eat peppers
B.Maybe all Jiangxi people like to eat chili
C.Certainly all Jiangxi people like to eat chili
D.Some Jiangxi people may eat pepper

c
All those who have been in contact with the patients with influenza A have been isolated, and all those who have been isolated have been in contact with Xiao Wang.
If the above proposition is true, which of the following is also true?
A.Xiao Wang is a flu patient
B.Xiao Wang is not a non-A flu patient
C.Someone may not have had contact with a person with influenza A.but had contacted Xiao Wang
D.All patients with influenza A have contacted Xiao Wang

a
One day when five friends met, one of them counted the dangers of drinking to the body and enthusiastically advised everyone to quit drinking.He asked one by one, "Are you quit drinking now?"
Based on their answers, determine who of the four did not violate the implicit premise of this reasoning:
A.I am preparing to quit drinking
B.I have stopped drinking
C.I never drink
D.I especially like drinking

b
In the 16th century, metal coins were circulating in the British market.Over time, people found that coins of sufficient value and insufficient value can be used in the same way, so people stored good-value coins (good coins) and stored the insufficient value.The bad currency (bad currency) was quickly spent, and as a result, the bad currency drove the good coins out of the market.This is the Greshine's rule, which is a natural and social phenomenon of "outperform."
Which of the following phenomena, if true, best meets the above conclusions:
A.The strong among the monkeys is king
B.Cottage mobile phones are popular in the mobile phone market
C.Most literary works are widely circulated
D.Good students in school always stand out

d
Human beings have been fighting diseases since the day of their birth.Among the various diseases that are most likely to cause panic are large-scale infectious diseases.In just a few years, people have fully realized the threat of major epidemics.Especially this time A The H1N1 influenza epidemic has spread rapidly and has a wide range.It is surprising.This must arouse people's vigilance, so it is said that there is no end to the struggle between humans and infectious diseases.
Which of the following, if true, does not support the above conclusion?
A.Most new infectious diseases are caused by viral infections, antibiotics are basically ineffective with new infectious diseases
B.Viruses are becoming more covert
C.Viruses mutate for survival
D.Human beings can win the sky.Many catastrophic diseases in history have been defeated by humans.

a
Three good friends are preparing to go out on May 1st, and their attitudes to travel modes are as follows: Wang must take a car, any car can be; Lee can take a car without a car, and take a bus; Zhang can take a car without a car.Take a taxi.If they express their views on the following opinions based on their attitude: don't take a car; take a bus, take a taxi.
Based on the following information, which of the following is impossible?
A.One person agrees with all opinions
B.At least two people agree with each opinion
C.Wang and Li agreed to take the bus
D.Zhang agrees not to take a car or take a taxi

c
Some economists believe that accelerating urbanization, using urbanization as a lever, and leveraging the growth of domestic demand may be a positive choice in response to the financial crisis.They also proposed a "breaking window theory" that can be used for reference: When a window is broken It is natural for the owner to purchase new glass, which indirectly promotes the expansion and reproduction of the glass factory, thereby driving economic development.Therefore, urbanization is a positive measure to accelerate economic development.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the above theories and perspectives?
A.Some officials claim that the central government has promulgated economic policies and we should seize the opportunity to accelerate urban construction
B.Some scholars have argued that only by accelerating urbanization can China's economy be freed from the long-term trough.
C.Some citizens believe that merely accelerating urban construction is not a good way to increase the consumption level of ordinary people
D.Some developers believe that urbanization should accelerate real estate development

c
The risk of insurance refers to the uncertainty of the outcome of an event under certain circumstances.In terms of probability, uncertainty refers to the probability based on the outcome of an event that is between 0 and 1.When the probability of the event result is 0 or 1, it means that the event is determined to occur or not to occur, so there is no risk.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following statements are true:
A When the probability of the occurrence of an event is 0, it means that the event is determined not to occur
B.When the probability of the occurrence of an event is 1, it means that the event is determined to occur
C.When the probability of the occurrence of an event is 0, it means that the event is determined to occur
D.The probability of risk must be 0 or 1

c
Credit card fraud: Refers to illegal credit card management regulations, using fraudulent or obsolete credit cards, fraudulent use of other people's credit cards, or malicious overdrafts, etc., to defraud public and private property in large amounts.
Which of the following behaviors are not crimes of credit card fraud:
A.Zhang has been taking more and less deposits after receiving the Jinhui credit card, and fled after overdrawing more than 100,000 yuan.
B.After Wang picked up a MasterCard credit card in a shopping mall, he used the name of the card owner to buy more than 50,000 yuan of jewelry in the shopping mall.
C.Sun went into his home to take away the credit card while his neighbor was unprepared, and swiped the card to spend more than 50,000 yuan.
D.Zhao used his work in a bank to forge multiple credit cards and used these credit cards to make high-value purchases.

c
Full authorization, also known as general authorization: refers to when the higher-level administrative subject issues general work instructions instead of assigning specific things when assigning tasks, allowing subordinates to determine their own action plans and be able to create.
Which of the following are not fully authorized:
A.A director does not make specific arrangements for the work, but only indicates an outline or outline.The subordinates can adapt to tasks and goals tailored to local conditions.The subordinates are authorized to choose specific ways to complete the free zone.
B.When a director tells his subordinates about his work, he usually does not clearly state the matters and scope of the work, and only indicates the tasks and goals to be achieved.The subordinates are authorized to choose the specific way to complete.
C.A director entrusts the subordinates who are unwilling to deal with the mess.
D.A director has detailed regulations on the scope, content and performance goals of subordinates.

c
Right to know: It means that the citizen has the right to know what he should know.The state should limit the right to confirm and guarantee the citizen's right to know and obtain information, especially the right of government affairs information.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not in the category of right to know:
A.U.S.voters demand disclosure of votes for the new presidential election
B.Xiao Li grew up in an orphanage.When he was an adult, he hoped to find his loved ones.
C.Korean SBS TV broadcast the rehearsal process of the 28th Olympic Games in advance.
D.Ms.Wang asked to know the name of the medicine she used for cosmetic surgery.

d
Civil single-method legal act: It refers to a legal action that can be established according to the expression of the intention of a civil subject.
According to the above definition, which of the following is single-method laws?
A.According to Citizen John's imitation at a university in China, renting 406 rooms of the university's academic center for a period of three months
B.Wang Yi deposited 4,500 yuan in cash on the automatic deposit machine
C.Wang Er found out that the shampoo was used up.After paying at the vending counter in the supermarket downstairs, he took a bottle of shampoo.
D.After Zhang moved, he abandoned a set of old sofas and a 40% new washing machine and discarded them in the garbage collection and recycling department of the community.

d
Complex Sentence: A sentence composed of two or more meaning-related clauses that are not structurally contained.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is not a complex sentence?
A.Although he is very smart and hard-working, but because the interpersonal relationship is not handled well, he finally regrets withdrawing from the game.
B.The setting sun poured its last rays of generosity generously on the quiet courtyard, Yang Yang pushed his father's wheelchair and slowly walked on the country road covered with fallen leaves; his father was intoxicated in the rustic atmosphere and exuded The hot light in life, Yang Yang felt the end of some sort of day
C.Ye Wen juveniles practice martial arts, youths sell martial arts, middle-aged professors teach martial arts, and the elderly support them every day.In addition, he also opened a hotel, and also operated health care for hands and feet
D.New materials are playing an increasingly important role in a country's economic growth rate, industrial structure layout and changes in people's lifestyle

d
The injurious behavior of inaction: It refers to the negative behavior, that is, the perpetrator fails to perform or actively fulfills its legal obligations and results in harm to society.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following acts is an inaction hazardous act?
A.After driving, Wang Mo was injured and escaped the scene, causing Wang to die because he was not rescued in time.
B.B.After giving birth, because he was unwilling to raise him, he resold the baby for 20,000 yuan.
C.After giving birth to the baby, in order to conceal the truth of his unmarried pregnancies, he gave the child to other people for support
D.After giving birth to the baby, the child was abandoned at the train station, causing him to become seriously injured.

a
Basic rights and obligations of citizens: refer to the minimum legal rights and obligations recognized by the Constitution as Chinese citizens should enjoy and fulfill.
Based on the above definition, is the following statement correct?
A.Fundamental rights indicate the constitutional status of citizens and form the basis of a national rights system
B.For all basic rights stipulated in the Constitution, all levels of government and society should provide all possible conditions for their realization without discount.
C.Zhang is three years old and frail, and has no children under his knees.The local government should take them into a welfare home to support them for years.
D.Ding is a mentally retarded person who wandered to Beijing in a certain province.After one year of wandering in Beijing, the local government of the province has the obligation to take him back to his hometown.

c
Article 40 of the Constitution stipulates that the freedom of communication and the confidentiality of communications of citizens of the People's Republic of China are protected by law.Except for the needs of national security or the tracing of criminal crimes, the public security organ or the procuratorate shall inspect communications in accordance with the procedures prescribed by law No organization or individual may infringe on citizens' freedom of communication and communication secrets for any reason.
Based on the above, which of the following is correct in the following statements?
A.In order to ascertain the case, a city's people's court may check the mobile phone call records of the party Wang as needed.
B.A city's people's court cannot check all the call records of the party Wang that is not related to the case
C.No matter what reason, a city's people's court must not check the call records of the person Wang
D.It is not important whether a city's people's court has the right to check the party's call records.which is important is that it helps the court to make a fair judgment

a
Before 008, the average oil production rate of newly cultivated soybean varieties in China was still lower than that of soybeans originally produced in a certain country, but from March 2008 to April 2010, the average oil production rate was greatly improved by scientific and technical personnel So far, although the average oil production rate has not improved any more, the gap between the average oil production rate of soybeans imported from a certain country is narrowing.
Based on the above conclusions, which one must be correct?
A.The average soybean oil production rate of a country imported from April 2010 has gradually decreased
B.The average oil production rate of newly cultivated indigenous soybeans has gradually decreased since April 2010
C.The average oil yield of native soybeans cultivated after April 2010 is higher than that of soybeans imported from a country during the same period
D.The average soybean oil production rate of a country imported before 2008 is higher than that imported after April 2010

c
Interpol Wang returned to the bureau after the investigation of a killing scene.The old guard Zhang asked him how the result was, Wang said he knew the murderer had been there.Old Zhang knew that Wang Interpol was teasing him because Wang was not needed Tell him and he knows: If someone is a murderer, he must be on the scene when the crime occurs.
But answering this, can we infer?
A.If Zhang San was on the scene at the time of the crime, then he is a murderer
B.If Li Si is not a murderer, he will not be on the scene at the time of the crime
C.If Wang Wu was not present at the time of the crime, then he was not a murderer
D.Even if Xu Liu is not at the scene, he may still be a murderer

b
Invisible courses are informal and unconscious learning experiences that are not explicitly specified in school-planned courses.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not included in the hidden curriculum:
A.colleges and universities organize students to participate in two-day military training to cultivate and exercise students' willpower
B, when children are learning teaching courses, they have developed an interest in learning and teaching
C, a university has set up a university culture festival to let students know the school motto and style of study
D.Teachers and students participate in extracurricular activities together to establish an equal and harmonious teacher-student relationship

a
The proximate cause is that the insurer assumes insurance liability for the loss caused by the insured accident as the direct and closest cause, and is not responsible for the loss caused by the cause outside the insurance scope.According to this principle, the liability and It does not depend on the proximity in time or space, but on whether the risk accident leading to the loss of the subject-matter insured is within the scope of coverage.If there are multiple reasons for the loss of insurance, the most direct and effective is the determining factor, And the reason for the unavoidable accident is the proximate cause.
According to the above definition, Which of the following reasons are not proximate:
A.Zhang accidentally fell while hunting at night, and died of pneumonia caused by a cold while waiting for rescue.The cause of his death was a fall.
B, Wang's insurance vehicle suffered from heavy rain soaking into the cylinder, and the engine was damaged when he forced to start the vehicle.The reason for the damage was heavy rain.
C, the storm call pole collapsed, the short circuit caused the spark to ignite the warehouse, the goods in stock were burned out, the loss principle was the storm
D, the water entering the ship, the leather contained in the water is rotten, and the rotting stench causes the tobacco in the warehouse to deteriorate.

d
A labor dispute is a dispute that arises due to differences in labor rights and obligations between workers and users.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are labor disputes:
A.Employee Xiao Zhou has disputes with the local labor department due to work transfer issues
B.Employee Zhang and Xiao Li have conflicts due to disagreement in work
C.Conflicts between the two units due to the secondment of employee Liu
D.Staff Pharaoh Argued with Factory for Injury Failure to Receive Insurance Compensation

d
Model learning refers to the process of discovering, learning, and applying best practices from others (or each other) to help improve their own performance.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are model examples:
A.Xiao Wang has always lost when he learned to play poker.Later, he mastered some rules and techniques of playing poker.He often won when playing poker.
B.Zhang San saw that Li Si had a good income in a certain company, and then he also applied to the company to work
C.With the help of Xiaohong at the same table, Xiaogang has greatly improved his academic performance
D.A state-owned enterprise learns advanced experience in producing similar products from well-known foreign companies to reduce costs and improve efficiency

a
Liquidity preference refers to the desire and preference of people to maintain part of their assets in the form of money.It is a psychological motivation to cope with daily expenses, unexpected expenses and speculative profits at the right time.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not mobile preferences:
A.In order to buy a residential commercial house, Xiao Wang began to save money for a house purchase after he joined the job.
B.The stock market has been bad recently, and many investors have withdrawn from the stock market.
C.Banks have repeatedly cut interest rates, and the national savings rate remains high
D.Old Liu usually spends money sparingly is afraid of the shortfall after being laid off suddenly

b
The tragedy of the commons refers to the fact that all consumers start from their own self-interest, and the price paid for gaining more benefits from it is borne by everyone.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not tragedies of the commons:
A.Both sides of the arms race are facing a dilemma.On the one hand, military forces are increasing, and on the other hand, national security is increasingly threatened.
B.In a game, any "winning" side departs from the game, and any "losing" side departs from the game.
C.A group of herdsmen graze together on a public pasture.Many herdsmen want to raise more sheep to increase their personal income.As a result, the pasture continues to degrade until the sheep can no longer be raised, and eventually all herders go bankrupt
D.Some enterprises discharge sewage, chemical substances, radioactive pollutants and high-temperature waste into the water body, and discharge toxic exhaust gas into the atmosphere.

c
Representation refers to the image of things that people appear in their heads when things are not in front of them.It has the characteristics of intuitiveness, generalization, and operability, and plays an important role in image thinking.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are appearances:
A.People who have not seen the winter in the north can form a scene of the northern kingdom in their minds by reading Mao Zedong's poem Qinyuan Spring · Snow.
B.Pig Bajie is a figure abstracted by Mr.Wu Chengen
C.When a child looks at a painting for a few minutes and closes his eyes, he can still clearly remember every detail of the painting
D.When people read about the vivid appearance of Lin Daiyu in A Dream of Red Mansions, they seem to see Lin Daiyu standing in front of her eyes.

a
There are four bookstores in A.B, and D in one city.Among them, all books in A and B can be found in B and B.Books sold in B and B must also be sold in C and B.Some books in C and B are also sold in D.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Some books in A bookstore can be found in B bookstore
B.Some books in B Bookstore can be found in Ding Bookstore
C.All the books in Ding Bookstore can be found in B Bookstore
D.All books in Bookstore A can be found in Bookstore C

d
There are four people, they are thieves, robbers, judges, police.The first said: "The second is not a thief." The second said: "The third is the police." The third said: "The fourth The individual is not a judge."The fourth said," I am not a policeman, and only the policeman except me speaks the truth."
If the fourth person is telling the truth, then the following is true:
A.The first person is the police and the second is a thief
B.The first is a thief and the fourth is a judge
C.The third person is the police and the fourth person is the judge
D.The second person is a robber and the third person is a thief

a
Xiao Li said: "I passed all the exams this time and got a motor vehicle driving license."
If Li is not telling the truth, Which of the following options must be correct:
A.Xiao Li failed at least one of the subjects
B.Xiao Li failed the exam in only one subject
C.Xiao Li failed at most in one subject
D.Xiao Li failed all exams

c
Among the employees of a software company, there are three Cantonese, one Beijing, and three northerners.Four people are only responsible for software development, and two people are only responsible for product sales.
If the above description involves all employees of the company, the employees of the company:
A.The minimum may be 7 people, and the maximum may be 12 people
B.The minimum may be 7 people, and the maximum may be 13 people
C.The minimum may be 6 people, and the maximum may be 12 people
D.May be at least 6 people, and maybe up to 13 people

b
All senior students in criminal investigation majors have become police officers after graduation.Some police officers are party members, and senior students in criminal investigation majors are not police officers.
which of the following can be inferred from this is:
A.Some party members are graduates of a criminal investigation
B.Some party members are not senior students in a criminal investigation
C.Some senior students in criminal investigation are party members
D.Some senior students in criminal investigation are not party members

c
A college will implement independent enrollment this year, and after discussions in the school, it will give priority to those candidates with a high comprehensive quality, rather than the majority of colleges and universities, based on the test scores of candidates.
The most prerequisites for this decision of this college are:
A.Candidates with low comprehensive quality are not good students
B.The overall quality of each candidate is different
C.There are feasible methods to judge the comprehensive quality of candidates
D.Candidates with high scores in written tests are not necessarily good students

a
Confucius said, "Don't do anything to others."
Which of the following is not the logical reasoning of the above sentence:
A.Give to others if you want
B.Can only be given to others if they desire
C.Do nothing to others unless you want
D.Everything to others should be what you want

d
The purpose of advertising is to convince consumers that the products they buy value for money, and no merchant will deliberately emphasize that their products are expensive.
Which of the following, if true, would strengthen the above assertion:
A.Consumers think cheap is not good, good is not cheap
B.Advertising can stimulate consumers' desire to buy
C.Advertising can convince consumers to buy cheap products
D.Advertising can convince consumers to buy good quality goods

c
Xiaoming has to go to school outside the school every weekend.Xiaoqiang has never attended an English tuition class.As a result, Xiaoming and Xiaoqiang scored 95 and 55 respectively in the final exam.Therefore, Xiaoming's English score Xiaoqiang's reason is because of attending off-school cram school.
Which of the following is true if it is the most difficult to weaken the above assertion:
A.Teachers in English tuition classes are not too serious
B.Xiao Hong and Xiao Ming attended the English tuition class at the same time.
C.In the last English exam, Xiaoming and Xiaoqiang scored 99 and 39 respectively.
D.Xiaogang has not attended an English tuition class.He scored 80 points in English this time.

d
Computer programmers who work on the computer screen for a long time are susceptible to myopia.In order to help these people prevent and relieve myopia, the company has issued brochures for employees to teach you some ways to prevent and treat myopia.
If one of the following is true, the effect of the above publicity can be questioned most:
A.People who do not often work with computers may also suffer from myopia
B.Methods for preventing and treating myopia vary from person to person
C.Ophthalmologist guidance for the prevention and treatment of myopia
D.Myopia is difficult to self-prevent and treat

c
The community of human destiny refers to the consideration of the legitimate concerns of other countries in the pursuit of national interests and the promotion of the common development of all countries in the pursuit of national development.Mankind has only one earth, and countries coexist in one world.It is necessary to promote the "community of human destiny".
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are inconsistent with the concept of a community of shared future for humanity:
A.China always adheres to the correct concept of justice and benefit, and establishes a new, common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security concept.
B.China must co-ordinate the overall situation at home and abroad and always follow the path of peaceful development
C.The community of human destiny has not transcended social system differences, ideological differences, and differences of values
D.China is willing to always be a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development, and a defender of international order

b
An offer refers to any proposal to enter into a contract with one or more specific people, if its content is very certain, and it shows that the offeror has the intention to be bound by its offer once it is promised.Typical Case 2016 6 On the 8th, Party A sent a telegram to Party B, "I have a batch of canned grapes here, do you need it?" The next day, Party B received a call back: "Need, please inform us of the goods and the price." On June 13, the power generation details: "1500 cans of grapes, 545 grams of tin tin, 20 bottles per box, the unit price of 2.10 yuan per bottle, the quality in line with national standards, the entire batch of freight plus 1,200 yuan." Later, the call back requested to change the tin 545 g type to 300 g type, and requested delivery in mid-August, and payment was made upon seeing the manifest.On June 17, Party A considered that the quantity of the 300 g type in its inventory was small.Difficulties in delivery in the middle of the year, could not meet the needs of Party B, so the power generation told Party B: "We only have 545 grams of goods, can be delivered in mid-August." We agree, please also consider the size of 300 grams of tin."
According to the definition above, how many offers are in the above case?
A.2
B.3
C.4
D.5

c
A sole proprietorship refers to an operating entity established in China in accordance with the Sole Proprietorship Law, invested by a natural person, the property being owned by the investor, and the investor taking unlimited personal liability for corporate debt with his personal property.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following understanding of a sole proprietorship is correct:
A.After the dissolution of the sole proprietorship, the liability to the creditor is relieved
B.For the profits of a sole proprietorship, investors are required to pay corporate income tax
C.The property of the sole proprietorship is owned by the investor, and the investor has control and control over corporate affairs
D.A one-person limited liability company may invest in the establishment of a sole proprietorship

a
Human resource management refers to the rational allocation of human resources in a planned manner in accordance with the requirements of corporate development strategies.Through a series of processes such as recruitment, training, use, assessment, incentives, and adjustments of employees in an enterprise, the enthusiasm of employees is brought into play.The potential of employees creates value for the enterprise and brings benefits to the enterprise.Ensuring the realization of the strategic goals of the enterprise is a series of human resource policies and corresponding management activities of the enterprise.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not human resources management activities:
A.Company A's labor and personnel department sends a questionnaire to all employees of the unit to prepare for the development of the company's rules and regulations
B.Company B's labor and personnel department formulates a recruitment plan, formulates recruitment conditions, and sends employees to a university to recruit college graduates
C.The company ’s labor and personnel department organizes new employees for pre-job technical training
D.The company ’s labor and personnel department organized all employees to hold a New Year's Day party

d
Compound fertilizers refer to chemical fertilizers containing three or two elements of nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium, which are directly synthesized by chemical methods or added with other nutrients.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not compound fertilizers:
A.Ammonium phosphate
B.Potassium nitrate
C.Potassium nitrate
D.Potassium chloride

d
Siphoning refers to the use of the phenomenon of the difference in height of the liquid level.After filling the liquid into an inverted U-shaped tubular structure, the high end of the opening is placed in a container filled with liquid.The opening exits at a lower position.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not the principles of the siphon phenomenon:
A.A car driver sucks gasoline or diesel from a drum with a rubber tube
B.The water surface in the middle and lower reaches of the Yellow River in China is mostly higher than the ground outside the dyke.In Henan and Shandong, farmers draw water from the Yellow River to irrigate farmland
C.Xiao Wang squeezes the air out of the pipe when changing the water in the fish tank at home, and then inserts the pipe into the water, and the water flows continuously
D.Xiao Liu's family lives on the 30th floor of a community, and the tap water in the home comes from the secondary water supply

b
Shareholder derivative action refers to when the company's directors, supervisors, senior management personnel or others violate laws, administrative regulations or the company's articles of association, and the company's interests are harmed, and the company refuses or fails to pursue its responsibilities, the shareholders who meet the legal conditions are: The company's interests filed a lawsuit against the infringer in its own name, asking the offender to compensate the company for its loss.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are shareholder derivative actions:
A.Li, the secretary of the board of a listed company, violated the company's articles of association when he performed the duties of the company, causing losses to the company.Wang is a shareholder who holds 10% of the shares for one year in a row.Wang can sue Li in the name of the company
B.Liu is the chairman and general manager of Company A.During his tenure, he repeatedly used his position to instruct the company's accountant to lend funds to a company B that was mainly established by Liu's son.The 3% shareholder of the company, Wang, believes that Company A should sue Company B for repayment, but Company A is unlikely to sue.Wang will sue Company B in his own name, asking Company B to return the loan to Company A.
C.Huang is a director of Company A.Since 2012, during his tenure, Huang has applied for the establishment of Company B, which has the same business scope as Company A.Huang uses Company A's business channels and technical information.Engaging in similar business activities with the company, causing a loss of about 700,000 yuan for company A.Company A then sued and asked Huang to stop illegal business activities, return the illegal business income, and compensate for the losses.
D.Zhong, the general manager of a joint-stock limited company, violated the company's articles of association and loaned the company's funds to his wife's brother for free without the consent of the shareholders' meeting, which caused the company a loss of profits.In this regard, the company's supervisory board has the right to sue and request to Investigate Zhong's legal liability

b
The Doppler effect refers to the phenomenon that when the wave source and the observer make relative movements, the frequency received by the observer and the frequency emitted by the wave source is different.When the two are close to each other, the received frequency increases and decreases when they leave each other.
According to the above definition, Which of the following do not use the Doppler effect:
A.Doppler navigation
B.Laser velocimeter
C.Color Doppler
D.Doppler camera

a
Technical standards refer to the technical regulations on the quality, specifications and inspection methods of industrial and agricultural products and engineering construction, as well as the graphics and symbols commonly used in technical documents, and are a common basis for production and construction.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are technical standards:
A.National regulations on quality standards for infant milk powder
B.National Standards for the Evaluation of Healthy Cities
C.National regulations on recall of defective products
D.Industrial Bureau's testing standards for smoke and dust emissions from metallurgical machinery plant equipment

a
Monetary policy refers to the general term for the policies, policies, and measures adopted by the central bank to implement various economic controls and adjust the amount of money and credit.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are the monetary policy tools used by the People's Bank of China:
A.In order to stimulate consumption, the People's Bank of China has significantly reduced the deposit interest rate
B.Commercial banks pay sufficient deposit reserves to the People's Bank of China in accordance with a certain percentage according to law
C.Treasury Business, Manager of the People's Bank of China
D.The People's Bank of China provides loans to commercial banks when they are short of funds

a
A unit organizes educators to conduct quality development training.Employees can sign up voluntarily.Lao Zhang meets the new employee Xiao Li and talks about it.Lao Zhang reminds Xiao Li that "the unit organizes quality development training.Please sign up."Xiao Li said:" I haven't finished the work at hand, so I don't need to report it."
Except for the following, which can be used as assumptions in Xiao Li's answer?
A.If the work is processed, you must sign up for quality extension training
B.As long as my work is not finished, I don't need to participate in quality extension training
C.Anyone who has signed up for quality development training has completed the work
D.Only those who have finished their work can sign up for quality extension training

b
Compared with the original marketing system, the overseas marketing system of multinational companies is very different.Some more effective marketing strategies in the domestic market may not be suitable for overseas markets.If you copy the domestic marketing strategy, you may be developing Frustrated in overseas markets, and adopting a suitable regional differentiation strategy will play an important role in improving the effectiveness of overseas marketing and promoting the development of overseas markets.In fact, most multinational companies that adopt differentiated marketing strategies are successful companies Of course, some multinational companies that have not adopted differentiated marketing strategies have also achieved success.However, all successful multinational companies have a common feature, that is, they are focused on the long-term development of the enterprise and have a relatively comprehensive strategic management system.
If the above statements are correct, then the following statements must also be correct:
A.All multinational companies with a relatively comprehensive strategic management system focusing on the long-term development of enterprises are successful multinational companies
B.Some multinational companies with a relatively complete strategic management system focusing on the long-term development of enterprises are multinational companies that have not adopted a differentiated marketing strategy
C.Most successful multinationals are multinationals that have adopted differentiated marketing strategies
D.Some multinational corporations with a relatively comprehensive strategic management system are not successful multinational corporations focusing on the long-term development of enterprises

c
A performing arts center is an iconic building in a certain city.When there are large-scale events, in addition to the usual security entrances and exits, there are also five entrances and exits that are usually not open for emergency situations.The activation of these emergency entrances and exits must follow Which of the following rules: (1) If No.1 is enabled, then No.2 and No.5 must be enabled at the same time.(2) No.3 and No.4 are not allowed to be closed at the same time.
So if number 1 is enabled, which of the following is also enabled at the same time?
A.Nos.2 and 4
B.Nos.3 and 5
C.2 and 3
D.Nos.4 and 5

c
All international students from Australia live in the East International Student Dormitory.All students living in the East International Student Dormitory must participate in this year's international exchange meeting; some international students from Australia joined the Chinese Club; some civil engineering students also joined Chinese Club; all civil engineering students did not participate in this year's international exchange meeting.
Which of the following conclusions cannot be derived from this?
A.All Australian students participated in this year's international exchange meeting
B.None of the students majoring in civil engineering lives in the East International Student Dormitory
C.Some Australian students study civil engineering
D.Some Chinese club members did not participate in this year's international exchange meeting

c
There are five student associations in a school who are candidates for the committee, namely Xiao Zhang, Xiao Wang, Xiao Li, Xiao Liu, Xiao Chen, of which Xiao Zhang, Xiao Wang, and Xiao Li predict the results of this election as follows: If Xiao Chen is not elected, I will not be elected Xiao Wang: I and Xiao Liu and Xiao Chen will either be elected or not elected Xiao Li: If I am elected, Xiao Wang will also be elected
After the evaluation results came out, it was found that the predictions of the three were wrong, how many people were eventually elected?
A.1
B.2
C.3
D.4

d
Since 2013, a group has launched the industry's first high-end talent specifically tailored for doctors? The day-future Leadership Program aims to cultivate industry leaders.According to surveys, some of the newly recruited employees of the group have overseas study experience All employees of the group who have experience studying abroad have been individually met by the chairman of the group, while all of the group's province A employees have not been individually met by the chairman.
If the above statement is true, which of the following must also be true?
A.Some new hires have not been individually met by the chairman
B.Some employees with overseas study experience are from Province A
C.All new hires are from Province A
D.Some new hires are not from Province A

c
There are four beakers in the laboratory, and a small note is placed under each beaker: the first one says "sulfuric acid in all beakers"; the second one says "this cup is sodium chloride"; the third one It reads "This cup is not water" and the fourth reads "Some beakers do not contain sulfuric acid".
If only one sentence of the four beakers is true, which of the following must be true?
A.Sulfuric acid in the first beaker
B.Sodium chloride in the second beaker
C.Water in the third beaker
D.Not sulfuric acid in the fourth beaker

c
A university introduced a group of young teachers.Some of the teachers in the physics department have a doctorate degree.The physics teachers who have obtained a doctorate degree have more than three years of teaching experience.Some female teachers also have more than three years of teaching experience.All female teachers have married.
Based on the above text, Which of the following optionsns must be correct:
A.All physics teachers have more than three years of teaching experience
B.All Physics teachers who have obtained a Ph.D.are married
C.Physics teachers who may have obtained a Ph.D.degree are female teachers
D.There may be male teachers who are not yet married

b
The eldest brother, the second, the third and the third brothers work in Shanghai, Zhejiang, and Jiangxi, and their occupations are lawyers, doctors, and civil servants.Known: The boss does not work in Shanghai, the second child does not work in Zhejiang; the people who work in Shanghai are not civil servants; in Zhejiang A lawyer works; the second child is not a doctor.
So where does the boss, the second child, and the third child work?
A.Zhejiang, Shanghai and Jiangxi
B.Zhejiang, Jiangxi and Shanghai
C.Jiangxi, Shanghai and Zhejiang
D.Jiangxi, Zhejiang and Shanghai

d
Xiao Zhang scores better than Xiao Li, but because Xiao Ming scores better than Xiao Hong, Xiao Zhang scores better than Xiao Hong.
Except for any of the following, as a necessary prerequisite for the above statement to be true?
A.Xiao Zhang and Xiao-Ming score equally well
B.Xiao Li has better grades than Xiao Hong
C.Xiao Zhang scores better than Xiao Ming
D.Xiao Ming has better results than Xiao Zhang

a
Producers of soft drinks: Our new children's soft drink, Lipke, is rich in calcium.Calcium can make bones healthier, so regular consumption of Lipke can help children's health.Consumer Consultant: However, Large amounts of sugar, especially if children regularly ingest large amounts of sugar can be harmful to their health.
Which of the following tasks does a consumer consultant need to do to counter soft drink producers?
A.Questioning the views of soft drink producers on the nutritional value of calcium in children's recipes
B.Imply that the producer of a product is obviously not concerned about the nutritional value of the product
C.Questioning "when a certain health substance is moderately ingested, it is harmful to health"
D.Provide some facts to question the producer's conclusions

c
An economist said that the market economy is an open economy, and China's unwavering struggle for WTO accession is fundamentally an inevitable choice caused by domestic market-oriented reforms.The solution to many problems in China depends on external forces.From a deeper and broader perspective, the WTO is the last important international organization to which China has joined, this is the last major diplomatic action of China's independence in the forests of the nations of the world, and it is also a significant sign and strong signal of its full return to the international stage.It has been pointed out that the political significance of WTO accession is greater than the economic significance.
Based on the above, it cannot be concluded that:
A.After joining the WTO, China has fully returned to the international stage
B.After joining the WTO, China has joined all major international organizations
C.China's political development will be faster than economic development after joining the WTO
D.Without China's domestic market-oriented reforms, it will be difficult to achieve the results of WTO accession

c
In the periodic table of chemical elements, the atoms of the same main group have a larger radius and a larger mass, and the mass of potassium is greater than sodium, but the radius is smaller than sodium.
this means?
A.Atomic radius is proportional to mass
B.Atomic radius determines the mass
C.The arrangement of potassium and sodium is a special case in the periodic table of the chemical elements
D.Atomic mass determines radius

b
If Wang Tao is a member of the Student Union, he must be a sophomore."
The above judgment is based on which of the following premise?
A.Only Wang Tao can be elected to the Student Union
B.Only second-year students are eligible for election to the Student Union
C.Sophomores must be selected as members of the Student Union
D.Sophomores may not be elected to the Student Union

b
The survey shows that news magazines have an average of 4 to 5 readers per magazine.It can be inferred that there are about 80,000 to 100,000 readers behind the 20,000 subscribers of Music Journey.
which is the premise of the above estimates?
A.Most readers of Music Journey are subscribers to news journals
B.The proportion of readers and subscribers of Music Journey is the same as that of news journals
C.Readers usually like to read more than one type of publication
D.News readers have similar readership to Music Journey

c
Literary and artistic works originate from life and are higher than life.It is impossible for people who do not deeply experience life to create excellent works.
therefore,?
A.Poet, a novelist cannot be young
B.Writing poetry and writing novels are all things for old people
C.Script creation must have sufficient life experience
D.Writing novels depends on luck

a
Three people are going to climb the mountain.The weather forecast says that it may rain today.Around the weather forecast, the three people argue: A said, "It may rain today, but that does not preclude today or it will not rain.Let's go climbing." B said: "It may rain today, that means it is going to rain today, we still do n’t go climbing the mountain." C said, "It may rain today, but it just shows that it is not inevitable that it does n’t rain today.Decide."
Understanding of weather forecast, among three people?
A.A and C are correct, B is incorrect
B.A is correct, B and C are incorrect
C.B is correct, A and C are incorrect
D.C is correct, A and B are incorrect

d
Consumers are not as susceptible as manufacturers think, they know what they need, and what they want may be very different from what others think they want."
Which of the following is not true if it is true?
A.Most people buy the same brand year after year
B.When people shop with their peers, they often have less disputes with their peers
C.Shop shelves with various brands of goods, easily confusing consumers
D.The company with the most ads also sells the most

b
As a result of human cognition, knowledge is a very extended concept.It generally includes 4 levels or aspects, that is, common sense, generalization of experience, scientific knowledge, and philosophical knowledge.The so-called common sense mainly includes aphorisms, proverbs and other commonly known knowledge It is often not an understanding of the nature and laws of things, and scientific knowledge is a theoretical system that is logical and systematic.
therefore?
A.Scientific knowledge is truth and beyond doubt
B.Compared with scientific knowledge, common sense has a lot of scrutiny, that is, it contains many errors
C.Common sense is not credible
D.Scientific knowledge contains common sense

a
The first century will be an era of great development in education, and internationalization will be an inevitable choice for educational development.In the future, education will regard nature, society, people, and education as interdependent, mutually restrictive, mutually reinforcing, and closely linked.Reform and development will also become an interconnected and mutually-restricted organic whole.
therefore?
A.Future education must face the world
B.Future education must be modernized
C.Future students should study abroad
D.Educational systems will converge in the future

c
Environmental scientists are concerned about the high cost of protecting endangered animals and propose that the value of various endangered animals to humans should be determined to determine which animal to protect.This method is not practical because it predicts the future value of an animal It is impossible to evaluate the value of animals that now make an indirect but important contribution to humans.
In the following items, which of the following is the author's main argument?
A.Protecting endangered animals without value is more important than protecting potentially valuable animals
B.Although it is necessary to protect all endangered animals, it is not economically feasible
C.Decisions made on this basis are not reliable because the method of judging the value of animals to humans is not perfect
D.It is impossible to assess whether endangered animals are important to humans

c
Although people don't think according to the laws of logic, they might as well measure people's level of thinking with logic.Just as people don't follow grammar to speak, they can use grammar to measure people's language level.
Can it be launched from this?
A.People's thinking is not logical
B.Speaking can be done without following grammatical rules
C.A person's level of thinking can be measured by its degree of consistency with logic
D.Human thinking is aided by language

b
The school received a large number of donations with no real name during the flood relief activities.After investigations, we can conclude that one of Zhou, Wu, Zheng, and Wang Zhong donated.Upon inquiry, Zhou said, "It's not me Wu said, "It was donated by Wang." Zheng said, "It was donated by Wu." Wang said, "I must have donated it." After a detailed investigation, it was confirmed that only one of the four was telling the truth.
Which of the following can be concluded from the above conclusions as a conclusion?
A.Zhou is telling the truth, donated by Wu
B.Zhou was telling lies and was donated by Zhou
C.Wu is telling the truth, donated by Wang
D.Wang is telling the truth, donated by Zheng

d
The government should implement a bill prohibiting the sale and drinking of alcoholic beverages on commuter trains.Recently, the government has used its legal power to pass a law prohibiting smoking on commuter trains to protect the health of commuters.When drunk Of passengers got off the train and drove into their cars.The dangers facing the public are at least as great as those who do not smoke on the train and are forced to breathe cigarette smoke.
The author relied on to prove that drinking alcoholic beverages on commuter trains should be banned?
A.The fact that drinking alcoholic beverages is harmful to personal health
B.Principles that people need to protect against harm from themselves
C.An emotionally accusatory description of smoking and drinking alcohol
D.A comparison was made between the effects of smoking and the effects of drinking alcoholic beverages

c
An article published in the Journal of Economic Management proposes that we must not blindly let go of disputes in foreign economic exchanges.When necessary, we must also use "anti-dumping" weapons to protect ourselves.
In the following items, except for?, The rest are further discussions of the above points.
A.Some countries frequently propose "anti-dumping" on certain products in China, but we often put the market in
B.The price of a commodity sold by a foreign company is much lower than the cost price estimated by an expert
C."Anti-dumping" is a double-edged sword, which may affect China's commodity exports
D.A foreign company plans to obtain an absolute advantage in China's color TV market at a high price

c
The annual output of world food slightly exceeds the demand for food and can provide the minimum food required by the world's population.The kind of prediction that insufficient food production will inevitably lead to world food famine is all alarmist.Rather than famine caused by food production, Rather, it is caused by unfair distribution.
which is the situation envisaged by the author in the above discussion?
A.In the future, world food demand will be smaller than current food demand
B.A good distribution system is also difficult to prevent the emergence of world food famine
C.World food production will continue to increase and can meet food needs
D.World food supply is in short supply

c
Unfair competition behavior refers to behaviors in which an operator uses fraud, coercion, inducement, slander, and other means that violate business practices of good faith and fair competition to engage in market transactions, harm the interests of other operators, and disrupt the fair competition order.
According to the above definition, Which of the following acts are not unfair competition acts ().
A.Use a name and packaging similar to a well-known product, so that buyers mistake it for the well-known product
B.Rebate to other units or individuals in secret when selling goods
C.Selling goods at a price below the cost for debt settlement
D.Local governments use administrative power to restrict foreign goods from entering the local market

b
The principle of no-fault liability refers to the principle of the imputation of civil liability for the person responsible for the cause of the damage if no fault has caused damage to others.
According to the above definition, Which of the following situations are not subject to the principle of no-fault liability ().
A.If state organs and staff of state organs exercise their functions in violation of the law and violate the legitimate rights and interests of citizens, legal persons, and other organizations, the victims have the right to obtain state compensation.
B.The large-scale death of fish cages in a cage in a reservoir was found by the court to be caused by the sewage discharge of an upstream chemical plant.The plant had obtained a sewage permit before the accident, and the wastewater was discharged after a number of tests.
C.If the product is defective and caused damage, if the seller cannot specify the producer of the defective product or the supplier of the defective product, the seller shall be liable for compensation
D.If the animals raised cause damage to others, the animal keepers or administrators shall bear civil liability

b
The broken window effect is a psychological phenomenon, that is, if a house's windows are broken, no one repairs them, and other windows will be inexplicably broken by people soon.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of the "broken window effect" ().
A.On a wall, if some graffiti appears and is not cleaned, the wall will soon be covered with the mess.
B.If a tributary is polluted without treatment, it may pollute the water quality of the entire basin
C.Once there is garbage in a very clean place, people will throw it without hesitation, without any shame
D.If a few people in a collective are uncivilized and unstoppable, many will soon be uncivilized

a
Journalism morality is rooted in people's socio-economic relations and is directly determined by the nature of journalism and communication.It continues to develop and change in journalism and communication activities.It relies on the journalists' inner convictions, social opinion and traditional customs to regulate the evaluation of good and evil A social ethical phenomenon of people's news communication relations and regulating people's news communication behavior.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are not in the category of journalistic ethics ().
A."Transportation fees" and "missing meal fees" issued by reporters
B.News reports promote patriotism, the main theme of socialism
C.When the reporter saw a child falling into the water during the interview, he dropped the interview task and rescued people
D.News reports should consider the public's right to know and respect the privacy of the subject

a
Virtual team, a community of two or more cross-regional, cross-organizational people, linked together through communication and information technology, they have complementary technologies or skills, have common goals, have common assessments and work Method, they share the ultimate result and responsibility.
According to the above definition, Which of the following situations belong to the virtual team ().
A.A publishing house contacted several experts to compile a new textbook.Everyone works in different units, and their work is mainly coordinated by telephone, fax, and Internet.
B.A company recruited two key employees from the sales department, research and development department and production department to form a new product research team
C.Xiao Li encountered technical difficulties in his work.He was unfamiliar with a certain professional field.He consulted many experts through the Internet and telephone, and established regular and fixed contacts with the experts.
D.Xiao Tang, Xiao Sun, and Xiao Liu often chat online and find that they have similar experiences and have common interests and become good friends.

a
Interbank lending refers to the conduct of short-term financial transactions between financial institutions with legal personality and branches of unincorporated financial institutions authorized by legal entities.The purpose is to adjust positions and temporary fund surpluses.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following businesses belong to the normal interbank borrowing ().
A.Dispatching funds between internal branches of Agricultural Bank of China
B.A legal person's financial institution borrows a fund to fill the gap in credit funds
C.A financial institution of a legal person has an imbalance in revenue and expenditure at the end of a business day.
D.A legal person's financial institution integrates funds to invest in real estate

d
The decorative effect refers to the phenomenon that people will come up with various reasons to forgive themselves or justify their failure after frustration.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following phenomena are not part of cultural decoration ().
A.Xiao Wang failed the exam, saying that those who did a good job rely on rote memorization
B.Xiao Zhang didn't judge the advanced elements, thinking that he had a bad relationship with the judges.
C.Xiao Mo's workplace development has been unsatisfactory, so he complained that he was not met, and that the leader could not discern the wisdom
D.Xiaowei's business fails because he lacks experience

a
Database: It is a collection of related data organized according to a certain structure and rules.It is a data collection formed by integrating user data.It is a warehouse for storing data.Network: Communication equipment and lines will be in different places and locations A number of relatively independent computers are connected, and certain systems and application software are configured to implement software and hardware resource sharing and information transfer systems between the original independent computers.Network database: based on the background database, plus certain Front-end program, a system that completes data storage, query, and other operations through a browser.
According to the above definition, Which of the following systems are not part of the network database ().
A.Online video conferencing system of the company headquarters and its subsidiaries
B.Online banking system capable of realizing online transaction functions
C.Email systems used by mainstream websites at this stage
D.Wanfang electronic journal library widely used in universities and research institutes

d
Human visual gestalt function means that when people observe the world with their eyes, they always tend to use their familiar experience to process the unconnected and scattered things into an organic whole and then perceive it.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not part of human visual gestalt functions ().
A.In 1872, Maibridge in the United States observed that with a moving camera, the horse was at least hoofed while running, and there would not be a horse painted by an ancient artist always vacated with four hoofs.
B.The Big Dipper is composed of seven stars, which people always affectionately call "spoon stars"
C.When Lu Xun was a child, he liked to draw a group of people with very small movements on different pages of the painting book, and then quickly turned back and forth.At this time, the people who were originally stationary seemed to move.
D.A stick of incense is burning in a very dark room.After staring at the top of the incense for a few minutes, a person noticed that the incense stick moved by itself.

b
Human beings can only know "knowledge", that is, "known" and "unknown", they cannot know "non-knowledge", let alone how much "knowledge" exists.A highly accomplished scientist, not only the "knowledge" he knows And there are far more "unknowns" in his mind than ordinary people, and he remains highly alert to "non-knowledge" at any time.Once the opportunity arises, he can break through the "known" restraint in his mind and do his best to move "Unknown" turns into "known".
It can be launched accordingly ().
A."Unknown" conversion to known requires "unknown"
B."Known" in the mind can sometimes be a barrier for humans to recognize "non-knowledge"
C.Ordinary people cannot recognize and capture "unknown" and turn it into "known"
D.From the perspective of philosophy, there should be endless "unknowns"

c
In the past ten years, the proportion of science fiction novels in the total sales of novels has increased from 1% to 10%.Meanwhile, reviews of such novels have also increased significantly.Some distributors believe that the sales of science fiction novels have benefited from the increase.For promotional reviews.
Which of the following, if true, can most weaken the perception of the dealer in the problem? ()
A.Review of science fiction with few readers
B.Few readers of science fiction read reviews of science fiction
C.Readers of science fiction review articles rarely buy science fiction
D.Authors of science fiction review articles, including prominent scientists

c
Regarding the sprout of Chinese capitalism, Mao Zedong wrote in 1939: The development of the commodity economy in China's feudal society has given birth to capitalism.Without the influence of foreign capitalism, China will slowly develop a Capitalist society.Most Chinese historians in the 1920s and 1930s were convinced that China before modern times already had factors for capitalist development.
It can be launched accordingly ().
A.Mao Zedong "invented" the view that China's feudal period had a budding capitalism
B.The sprout of capitalism existed during the feudal period
C.Mao Zedong did not "invent" the idea, but adopted the common view of most historians
D.Mao Zedong's views are shared by most historians

c
A cryptanalyst intercepted a cipher that was composed entirely of Arabic numerals to convey military information to the enemy, and knew that each Arabic numeral in the password represented only one English letter.
Which of the following is the least helpful in cracking this password? ()
A.Know how often two letters appear together in English
B.Know how often vowels appear in English
C.Know that the frequency of odd numbers relative to even numbers in passwords is close to the frequency of R relative to E in English
D.Know military-specific vocabulary in English

a
Some of the many creative ads are beautiful storyline ads.Market research shows that many viewers can clearly think of these ads, but few remember the name of the product being advertised.Therefore, no matter how beautiful the storyline ads are , Its advertising effect is not necessarily ideal.
It can be launched accordingly ().
A.Ads that cannot increase the visibility of a product cannot promote an increase in sales
B.In the sales market, beautiful storyline ads reduce the credibility of goods
C.Although the storyline advertisement is highly ornamental, it is not as effective as a straight-through advertisement
D.A distant view of a storyline ad may be about the same as a viewer who appreciates it

a
A company commander taught his soldiers: "War is always about winning heroes in defeat.In cruel wars, you are either a winner or a loser; in the eyes of ordinary people, you are either a brave or a coward.Because all the winners are brave in the eyes of ordinary people, so every loser is the weak in the eyes of ordinary people."
Which of the following assumptions is based on the above discussion? ()
A.In the eyes of ordinary people, the brave on the battlefield will win
B.People have the accurate judgment to distinguish between courage and cowardice
C.The brave in the eyes of ordinary people is not necessarily the true brave
D.On the battlefield, victory or defeat is not the only criterion that distinguishes bravery from cowardice

b
The continuous exposure of indoor fluorescent lights is beneficial to the health of hamsters with congenital heart disease.The average lifespan of a group of hamsters exposed to continuous exposure to fluorescent lights is 25% longer than another group of hamsters of the same species but living in the dark.
The research method described above is best suited to answer which of the following questions? ()
A.Does sunlight or fluorescent light affect so much the work of industrial workers?
B.Can hospital light therapy prove to be beneficial for patients' recovery?
C.How can deep-sea fish species survive in the dark
D.which is the disease of the hamster?

d
A survey report recently released by the United States states that after selecting a large number of research subjects for comparative experiments, it was found that the number of people who are outstanding in celebrity families is 23 times that of ordinary people.Therefore, we can conclude that It is concluded with high reliability that human qualities are mainly determined by heredity.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above conclusion? ()
A.There is a common understanding in the American psychology community that one or two heredities is better than one ton of education.And this is indeed the case.
B."The family has no three generations of prosperity", can it be no longer outstanding and cannot avoid the historical law of the cycle of prosperity and decline
C.Outstanding performance in ordinary people's families is different from that in celebrity families, and additional rules are needed
D.A person's talent training, the degree of acquired education, and his growing environment have a strong positive correlation

c
Regarding Xiao Wang, Xiao Li and Xiao Zhang, we know that one of them is a lawyer, one is a doctor, and one is a teacher, and we also know that: Xiao Zhang is older than the teacher; Xiao Wang and the doctor are not of the same age The doctor is younger than Xiao Li.
It follows that ______.
A.Xiao Wang is a lawyer, Xiao Li is a doctor, Xiao Zhang is a teacher
B.Xiao Wang is a doctor, Xiao Li is a teacher, and Xiao Zhang is a lawyer
C.Xiao Wang is a teacher, Xiao Li is a lawyer, Xiao Zhang is a doctor
D.Xiao Wang is a teacher, Xiao Li is a doctor, Xiao Zhang is a lawyer

b
It's not just college."
Equivalent to this judgment is ______.
A.You can't become talents without a college
B.Can't go to college but can be talented
C.If you go to college, you can become talented
D.Not failing to go to college

a
Four households lined up.It is known that A is next to B, and A is not adjacent to D.
If House D is not adjacent to House C, the house next to House C should be ______.
A.A home
B.B home
C.D Home
D.Unable to judge

b
If both A and B fail the exam, then C must pass.
Add the following ______ items to the above premise, and you can draw the conclusion that "A pass the exam.
A.Passed C
B.Both B and C failed
C.C failed
D.Both B and C passed

a
After summing up the legendary experiences of Bill Gates and Dell, they found that the secret to their success was to drop out of college.
The person believes that the relationship between dropout and success is ______.
A.Dropout leads to success
B.Dropout may succeed
C.Do not drop out without success
D.Not dropping out of school may succeed

d
Reporters who go out for interviews can buy tickets first."
Which of the following reasoning is correct.
A.Journalists who are not out for interviews cannot buy tickets first
B.Priority is paid to journalists who go out for interviews
C.He buys tickets first, so he is a reporter who goes out for interviews
D.He is a reporter who goes out for interviews, so he can buy tickets first

c
After deciphering the enemy's code, it has been known that "Banana Apple Duck Pear" means "Wednesday Secret Offense", "Apple Sugarcane Juicy Peach" means "Performing a Secret Plan" and "Guangan Banana Tomato" means "Wednesday Our victory belongs to us ",
Then "big duck pear" means ______.
A.Secrets
B.Wednesday
C.Offense
D.Implementation

a
There are two taxi companies A and B in a certain area.The colors of the taxis they launch are blue and red.After investigation, it is found that 70% of the taxis circulating in the market are red, and only 30% are blue.Colored; the average probability of a car accident in a red taxi is 4%, while in blue it is 6%.
Now, there is a taxi accident in the area.Then ______.
A.Compared to red taxis, blue taxis are more likely to cause accidents
B.Compared to blue taxis, red taxis are more likely to cause accidents
C.The probability of a two-color taxi accident is the same, both are 50%
D.Can't compare

c
Four people were discussing the age of a writer.A said, "She won't be over 35." B said, "She's not over 40." C said, "She's under 50." Ding said, "She Absolutely over 40."Actually only one person was right.
Then the following statement is correct ______.
A.A is right
B.She is between 45 and 50 years old
C.She is under 50
D.Ding is right

d
Karma refers to the interpersonal relationship that people form from the needs of their profession or industry activities.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are karmic relationships:
A.Lao Zhang and Lao both like to play chess.They often get to know each other because they often go to the senior culture room to play chess and watch chess.
B.Xiao Xie is from Zhejiang and Xiao Xing is from Anhui.They knew each other because they lived in a dormitory in college.
C.Da Liu went on a business trip and met the old Feng Zhiqu on the train.
D.Xiao Huang is a salesman for the company.Because he often goes to Hongyuan to work, he knows Hongyuan manager Xiaohe over time.

b
Adaptation refers to the process of reorganizing and transforming the subject's cognitive structure caused by changes in the external environment and the inability of the original cognitive structure to assimilate the information provided by the new environment.the process of.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are compliant:
A.On the way home from school, Xiaofang came across a stranger who said he was his uncle, and said he bought candy for Xiaofang.Xiaofang remembered his mother's previous warning and rejected the stranger's invitation
B.Xiaoqian, 3 years old, was alone at home and opened her mother's mascara.She smelled very fragrant and thought it was edible.She licked it with her tongue and felt painful.She never tasted her cosmetics again.
C.Xiaojun went home from school to do his homework.He was stuck on a problem.Suddenly he remembered a similar problem that the teacher had said, so he solved the problem smoothly.
D.Xiao He learned to skate in the first physical education class when he was in college.Although he has never skated, he will soon skate because he has experience in roller skating in middle school.

c
The Stockholm Effect, also known as the Stockholm Syndrome, or hostage complex or hostage syndrome, refers to the phenomenon in which victims of crime are subject to the offender for a long time, and after being rescued, they have feelings for the offender and even help the offender in turn.
According to the above definition, Which of the following situations are not part of the Stockholm effect:
A.A bank employee A was hijacked by a robber for four days and later rescued, but he not only refused to testify against the robber, he even raised funds to help the robber to extend his defense lawyer
B.A kindergarten teacher has been ****** by a male parent for up to one year.Later, the behavior of the male parent was reported by others.
C.Xiaoli was robbed by a robber, and one month later, the robber was captured.In court, Xiaoli fell in love with the robber at first sight and gave up the charges.
D.A female college student was abducted for a week.Later, the kidnapper's conscience found that he was released.During this period, although a woman was bullied, because the kidnapper heated her feet and washed her feet every night, she believed the kidnapper was a good person.

b
The term "phoenix man" refers to a man who was born in a rural country and has a poor family.After studying hard, he eventually became a famous man in the city.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following belong to "Phoenix Men":
A.From the mountain area of Gannan, after graduation, he went home and started a pig farm.
B.Born from a poor family in a certain village and stayed on to teach after graduating from university.Published several high-quality papers in famous international journals.
C.Born from a poor family in a village, after graduation from high school, he was introduced by a relative into a trading company and has now become the vice chairman of C
D.Born in poverty-stricken families in counties and towns, self-taught, and then started a business to be the boss of the company.

a
Empathy means that an individual can proactively penetrate into the subjective world of others, understand each other's feelings, and respond accordingly.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are empathic:
A.On a rainy day, Xiao Li entered the door and shivered.Soon Xiao Zhang brought him a cup of hot tea and brought him a pair of dry socks.
B.Xiao Zhang and Xiao Li have very similar views on certain things
C.Xiao Wang and Xiao Hu are in love.Every time Xiao Wang calls Xiao Hu, it seems that Xiao Hu can predict in advance
D.Xiao Wang didn't like to eat the fish head, so he clipped it to Xiao Hu.It happened that Xiao Hu really liked to eat the fish head.

b
Dyslexia refers to children with normal intelligence, no obvious physical impairment, but the reading performance that is significantly lower than two grades of children of the same age.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are dyslexic:
A.Xiao Bing is five years old and cannot speak yet, and he is not interested in picture books like other children
B.The fifth-grader is lively and active, and his Chinese score remains at the second-grade level, but his mathematics often gets full marks.
C.Xiaohua should have entered the second grade.His Chinese teacher thought that his literacy was inadequate, and he was afraid he would not be able to follow the work.
D.Xiaohua had a fever.After healing, she had vision sequelae.She was nine years old.She was not literate, let alone reading.

c
The crime of contract fraud refers to the act of illegal possession for the purpose of defrauding the other party's property in a large amount during the process of signing and performing the contract, using fictitious facts or concealing true and equivalent deception.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not crimes of contract fraud:
A.A person signs a cooperative school running contract with the outside world in the name of the college without the consent of the college
B.A person forged a contract with a customer and forged a certificate of fixed assets as a guarantee
C.A borrowed the seal and contract text of his uncle's company to sign a contract with company K
D.After signing the contract, Ding absconded with the other party's prepayment of 200,000

a
A civil contract refers to an agreement between the parties as equal subjects to establish, change or suspend civil relations through equal consultation.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are civil contracts:
A.A person signs a house lease contract with the landlord
B.A farmer B signs a land contract with a related party
C.A C signed a labor contract with the company
D.A mining contract is signed with relevant parties

d
Conflict avoidance refers to the inner conflict of contradictions in which a person has two opposing motives for the same thing at the same time, on the one hand, it is good and on the other, and it is evil and avoidance.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are conflict avoidance:
A.A does n’t have much money left when shopping, and he wants to save money on clothes and satisfy his appetite for snacks
B.I want to work and want high wages, and I want to work leisurely
C."I want to be both a bitch and a torii"
D."I love to fish and it's prickly"

a
Improper gains refer to benefits that have been obtained as a result of a loss to others without a lawful basis or subsequent loss of legal grounds.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not undue gains:
A.A accidentally dug a diamond from the ground and sold it for 150,000 yuan
B.Due to the failure of the cash machine, B took an additional 10,000 yuan and the deposit amount did not decrease.
C.Because of customer negligence, forgetting to find change, he kept 33 yuan change as his own
D.Ding conceals an envelope containing 20,000 yuan that was picked up by a company found in the restaurant

d
Students in key middle schools generally perform better than those in non-key middle schools.Li Ming was first in their class at university, so he attended high school in key high schools.
Which of the following reasoning methods is most similar to the above sentence?
A.If you work hard, you can usually get good results.Lao Li has been laid off recently, so he has not worked hard
B.Psychological education in childhood is very important.Xiao Liao is the person with the best psychological quality in the company, so he must have received good psychological education in childhood.
C.If you master a certain learning method, you can get good grades.Xiao Li's grades are excellent, so he will learn very well
D.Southerners are generally whiter than northerners, Xiaoyan is the whitest in their dormitory, so she must be a southerner

d
A company held a literary show.There were four groups of programs.Xiao Wang, Xiao Zhang, Xiao Zhao, and Xiao Li drew lots to decide the order of the stage.Zhang said, "I'm the third." Xiao Zhao said, "I'm the fourth." Xiao Li said, "I'm not the last one anyway."
If only one of the four of them lying, which of the following holds true?
A.Xiao Zhang's words are false, and the performance order of four people can be introduced
B.Xiao Zhao's words are false, and the performance order of four people can be introduced
C.Xiao Li's words are false, and the performance order of four people can be introduced
D.No matter who tells the truth, a four-person performance sequence can be launched

c
A.B, and C went to the restaurant for dinner.The waiter wanted to know what the three of them did, but the three provided only the following information: one of the three was an engineer, one was a professor, and one was a doctor; older than the doctor, A and Professor are different ages, and the professor is younger than B.
Based on this can be launched:
A.A is an engineer, B is a professor, and C is a doctor
B.A is a professor, B is a doctor, and C is an engineer
C.A is a doctor, B is an engineer, and C is a professor
D.A is a doctor, B is a professor, and C is an engineer

b
Nowadays, the Internet is full of software that can translate automatically.Even if the translator does not have a good foreign language level, the translator will not be hindered from translating the manuscript.Therefore, the translator does not have to worry about improving his foreign language ability.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.The translation quality of the automatic translation software is inferior and does not guarantee the smoothness and accuracy of the translation language
B.Translators have limited computer skills and training institutions ignore computer teaching
C.Some translators have poor writing skills in Chinese
D.Translation software currently on the market is mostly pirated, violating the intellectual property rights of developers

d
During the Spring Festival of 008, Hengyuanxiang Group carried out intensive advertising through a TV advertisement and gained the greatest popularity in the country.
From this we can infer:
A.TV advertising is the most important way to open the market
B.High-profile products will have many consumers
C.The popularity of a product has a lot to do with its quality
D.Merchants can also obtain the highest degree of popularity through television advertisements without the need for other publicity tools such as the Internet and newspapers.

c
A large number of sheep died on a farm.An expert dissection revealed that there was a wild vegetable residue in the stomach of the dead sheep.After testing, the wild vegetable was infected with a germ that could release a substance that has devastating damage to the mammalian central nervous system.Small amounts can cause immediate death, but the farmer said that their whole family also ate this wild vegetable, but it was no different.
Which of the following is true to best explain the situation?
A.The bacterium is only harmful to mammals and does not harm the normal growth of wild vegetables
B.The bacterium was found in some healthy people
C.The germ only infects the roots of wild vegetables, the whole wild vegetable is swallowed by the roots, and people only eat the young leaves of wild vegetables
D.The family only ate one wild vegetable

b
Xiaohuang bought two kinds of stocks.Last year, all stocks increased by an average of 7 yuan per share, of which M company's shares increased by 10 yuan per share, and N company's shares increased by 6 yuan per share.Xiao Huang believes that the difference in value appreciation maybe just purchased When the average stock price of company M is higher than company N, it is assumed that the stock appreciation ratio is: the value-added per share divided by the purchase price per share.
It follows from this:
A.Xiao Huang bought more shares of company M
B.Xiao Huang bought more shares of company N
C.M company's stock appreciation ratio is higher
D.N company's stock appreciation ratio is higher

c
71 population: refers to the sum of individuals of the same species in a certain space and time.
Which of the following belongs to the population:
A.Flowers in a park
B.Domestic animals on a pasture
C.Bees in a hive
D.Fish in Xiangjiang

d
72 Structural unemployment: refers to the inconsistency between the supply structure and the demand structure of the labor force in terms of skills, experience, type of work, knowledge, age, gender, subjective will, and region due to changes in economic structure, system, and growth patterns Caused unemployment.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not structural unemployment cases:
A.The products of an electronics factory have been forced to change production due to long-term unsaleability, and the employee Xiao Zhang has made a living because he does not have a suitable job.
B.Farmer Wang enters the city to work in the countryside, but cannot find a job
C.Xiao Zhao graduated from university last year and was determined to stay and work in a big city, but he couldn't do it well, and continued to study and prepare to apply for a master's degree.
D.Xiaoli has worked in a company for two years and feels that there is no room for further development.He quit his job this year and plans to find another job.

c
73 Vent: refers to a method of stabilizing emotions through intense emotional expression.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following acts that are not vented are:
A.After learning that he won the lottery, he sang along and danced.
B.Xiaolan tore off the fabric puppy's ear after being criticized by parents
C.A quarrels with the restaurant while eating and yells "Hit! Help!"
D.After Xiaoding lost the college entrance exam, he fell asleep for three days without eating or drinking

a
74 Stereotype: Refers to a relatively fixed view of a certain type of thing in society.It is also a general and general view.
The stereotypes that do not exist are:
A.The boss saw Xiao Li very much at first sight and reused it in his work
B.Zhang San does not want to cooperate with the Japanese because the Japanese are still martial and ambitious
C.Wang Wu never buys Wenzhou products and feels that the quality of the products produced it is not good
D.In the eyes of people, mothers are a great image.They are loving, gentle, virtuous, and do their best for the family.

c
75 Technical innovation: In economic development theory, it refers to the first application of new technologies and inventions in production.It is the establishment of a new production function or supply function in the production system, which leads to a new combination of production factors and production conditions.Science emphasizes that technological innovation is non-exclusive, uncertain, marketable, and systematic.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following behaviors belong to technological innovation in the economics category:
A.The United States has extremely advanced and advanced space technology, and the space shuttle can fly freely in space.
B.A Japanese food manufacturer introduced advanced foreign production technology to improve product quality
C.After continuous exploration, Haier Group produces household appliances that meet the needs of various types of people, and has achieved great market returns.
D.Microsoft technology can find the contents of any computer using Microsoft

a
76 Syllogisms: Deductive reasoning based on the conclusion that a new property judgment containing two common terms as a premise is deductive reasoning.Deductive reasoning is the reasoning of a particular conclusion derived from a common premise.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are syllogisms:
A.All metals are insoluble in water, chromium is a metal, so chromium is insoluble in water
B.All sparrows have feathers, all pigeons have feathers, so all birds have feathers
C.A is not a criminal, B is not a criminal, so A and B are not criminals
D.Zhou Enlai is a great politician, Zhou Enlai is a great politician, so Zhou Enlai is a great politician and military

b
77 Obsessive-compulsive disorder: a neuropathy that mainly manifests obsessive-compulsive concepts and compulsive actions.It is characterized by the coexistence of conscious self-compulsion and conscious self-compulsion.The recurrence that cannot be restrained, the more you try to resist, the more you feel nervous and painful.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not obsessive-compulsive disorders:
A.Sun thought of "happiness" and "misery" immediately.When he talked about "good people," he thought of "bad guys." When thinking about problems or speaking, he always thought of the opposite side of the word, and often repeated the two opposite words Distressed and nervous appearing one after another in my head
B.Zhang accidentally injured a passerby while driving at the intersection.After that, Zhang always drove through this intersection and always carefully observed the road conditions and drove carefully.
C.Li always wonders whether the windows and doors are indeed locked after going out, and often goes back to check several times, otherwise, he will feel anxious.
D.When Zhao passes by the bank, he always rushes into the bank and robs him.Therefore, when he sees the bank, he always detours.

d
78 Financial Supervision: Refers to the financial management department of a country to achieve external currency stability, maintain the normal order of the financial industry and other purposes, in accordance with the provisions of national laws and administrative regulations, the external supervision of financial institutions and their operating activities, inspections and illegal activities A series of actions for punishment.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are financial regulatory acts:
A.After receiving reports from the masses, the reporter from the TV station conducted a secret interview on the service of a certain bank.
B.The China Banking Regulatory Commission comprehensively cleaned up the banking regulatory rules and regulatory documents, and announced the results of the cleanup to the public in July 2007.
C.Hunan Banking Regulatory Bureau urges banking financial institutions within its jurisdiction to take concrete measures to support agricultural capital departments to stabilize market supply and ensure spring farming
D.The China Securities Regulatory Commission requires the majority of auditing cadres to effectively implement the policy of "timely discovery, timely deterrence, and timely investigation and punishment", and strengthen securities enforcement.

c
79.Social psychology: People's general feelings and understandings of social phenomena are a reflection of the primary intuition of social life and a form of social consciousness.They are expressed in people's general living emotions, attitudes, speeches and habits.in.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are psychosocial:
A.After the completion of the first-phase propaganda work, people generally realized that only when everyone abides by the law and discipline can we ensure social harmony and stability.
B.In the eyes of many Europeans and Americans, China is still the Qing Dynasty
C.After listening to a few friends who worked in the administrative organs, Wang felt that the work of the government department was simply too free
D.Seeing pregnant women getting on the bus, five or six young people stood up at the same time to give up their seats

c
80 Legacy: Refers to the personal legal property left over from the death of a citizen, and its scope includes: citizens' income; houses, savings and daily necessities; forests, livestock and poultry; cultural relics, books and materials; production materials permitted by law to citizens; copyright, patent Property rights; other legal property and personal contractual benefits.It is clear that the bequest property is part of the estate.
Which of the following are not legacy:
A.Benefits due to personal contracting of the deceased
B.Copyright of the dead
C.Library materials for the terminally ill
D.Bequest

b
91 Wang Ping is the manager of Phoenix Company.All of Li Qiang's friends work at Phoenix Company.Hu Bin is a friend of Li Qiang.Some employees of Phoenix Company come from Hunan, and all employees of Phoenix Company are college students.
From this, we can know:
A.Li Qiang has some friends with low education
B.Hu Bin is a college student
C.Hu Bin from Hunan
D.Wang Ping and Li Qiang are friends

a
The cognitive ability of 93 people is unlimited, and Zhang is a person.Therefore, Zhang's cognitive ability is unlimited."
Which of the following logical errors is most similar to the errors of reasoning above?
A.Man is the most precious in the universe.I am a person.Therefore, I am the most precious in the universe.
B.Human beings have self-knowledge, you have no self-knowledge, so you are not human
C.Cadres should take the lead, I am not a cadre, so I should not take the lead
D.Cadres should serve the people, I'm a cadre, so I should serve the people

d
The 94 Penamon Institute in Michigan, U.S.A., recently released a research report saying that many departing employees of North American companies will take away confidential and sensitive data belonging to the company when they leave the company.Many of them will use this data at new company jobs to get up to speed as quickly as possible.The economic downturn caused by the financial crisis has caused many companies in North America to lay off workers sharply.People can see news of company layoffs almost daily in the news.Layoffs can certainly reduce these companies The financial pressure caused by the crisis, but at the same time may also leave the company troubled by the inadequate management measures of the company, enabling competitors to profit from it.
From this we can infer:
A.Layoffs will inevitably lead to company secrets
B.Financial crisis exacerbates company leaks
C.The leaked companies have laid off
D.Facing the financial crisis, it is better not to lay off employees

b
Murphy's Law: If this thing is likely to get worse, it may become a reality.Its scope of application is very wide, and it reveals a unique social and natural phenomenon.
According to the above definitions, which of the following is the following that does not belong to Murphy's Law?
A.The weather forecast is rainy, but the umbrellas that can be brought are not useful.
B.It is difficult to find pairs of socks in drawers that are not placed in pairs
C.When you line up to buy a ticket, the team next to you is faster than the one you lined up
D.A collapsed floor caused the entire building to collapse during the fire

b
Work expansion refers to increasing the number or variability of work tasks at a horizontal level to diversify work.Work enrichment refers to giving employees more complex and more serialized work from the vertical to give employees greater control .
Is the following job enrichment?
A.Cafeteria folks work in the pasta, salad, vegetable, drink and dessert department rotations
B.The staff of the postal department has increased from being only dedicated to picking up mail to also being responsible for distributing mail to various postal services.
C.In a transmission data system company, employees can often submit their favorite jobs and then transfer to new positions
D.At a research institute, a department head told her subordinates that they could do whatever research they wanted, as long as it was within budget and legal.

d
The function of the government is to meet the real needs of the masses.Unless the government knows what those needs are, the government cannot meet those needs.Free speech ensures that government officials hear such demand information.Therefore, for a healthy country, speech Freedom is essential.
Which of the following, if true, cannot weaken the conclusion of the above argument?
A.In most cases, people don't know what they really need.
B.Free speech ultimately tends to undermine social order, and good social order is a prerequisite for meeting the needs of the masses.
C.The proper function of government is not to meet the needs of the people, but to provide them with equal opportunities.
D.Free speech is inadequate to meet the needs of the masses, and a good social order is also essential.

c
All metals are conductive.Copper is conductive, so copper is metal.
Which of the following is most similar to the above inference structure?
A.All birds are oviparous, and bats are not oviparous, so bats are not birds.
B.All birds are oviparous animals, and swans are birds, so swans are oviparous animals.
C.All those engaged in business management must study corporate management.Lao Chen is studying business management.Therefore, Lao Chen is engaged in business management.
D.Huashan is at risk to Huangshan, Huangshan is at risk to Taishan, so Huashan is at risk to Taishan.

a
If the ratio of a child's weight to height exceeds the level of 80% of children in the region, they are called obese.According to survey results over the years, the number of obese children in Linjiang City has been steadily increasing for 15 years.
If the above is true, which of the following must also be true?
A.The number of non-obese children in Linjiang City has been increasing for 15 years.
B.For 15 years, children's physical training in Linjiang has become increasingly inadequate.
C.The weight of every obese child in Linjiang City exceeds the average weight of children in the city.
D.Over the past 15 years, the number of children with underweight in Linjiang City has been declining.

b
Most road repairs cost more time and money than budgeted, but the maintenance of the Beijing-Tianjin-Tangtang Expressway and similar roads did not cost more time or money than budget.Main roads may save time and money.
Which of the following, if correct, most supports the conclusions obtained above?
A.The budget for the maintenance of the Beijing-Tianjin-Tangtang Expressway is sufficient, so it is impossible to exceed the budget.
B.In summer, there are fewer vehicles on the road at night and the temperature is more comfortable, allowing road repair workers to work faster.
C.Road workers who are willing to work at night are more likely to find job opportunities because most people prefer to work during the day.
D.Asphalt used for road maintenance expands at higher temperatures and shrinks when the temperature decreases.

d
Many pregnant women experience symptoms of vitamin deficiencies, but this is usually not due to a lack of vitamins in the pregnant woman's diet, but due to the growth of intra-abdominal babies that make them have higher vitamin requirements than others.
In order to evaluate the accuracy of the above conclusions, which of the following operations is most important?
A.Test the daily diet of a pregnant woman who is not deficient in vitamins to determine the vitamin content.
B.Research on scientific recipes for pregnant women to determine the best option for pregnant women to get enough vitamins.
C.Test a pregnant woman and a non-pregnant woman who have sufficient vitamins in their daily diet and determine whether they are deficient in vitamins.
D.Test one pregnant woman and another non-pregnant woman who is deficient in vitamins in their daily diet and determine whether they are deficient in vitamins.

a
The administrative staff and teachers of the history department of a university, including A.are 16 in total.The situation of the faculty and staff in the department mentioned below, whether or not A is counted, will not change.Middle: ⑴ more teachers than administrative staff; ⑵ more male administrative staff than male teachers; ⑶ more male teachers than female teachers; ⑷ at least one female administrative staff.
So which of the following is the gender and position of A?
A.Female teachers
B.Male administrative staff
C.Male teachers
D.Female executives

c
In a test in a middle school in a middle school, 75% of the students passed the English test, 80% of the candidates passed the math, 85% of the candidates passed the language, 90% of the candidates passed the physics, and 95% of the candidates Passed chemistry.
If the above is true, then which of the following is correct?
A.In this exam, most candidates passed five assignments.
B.In this exam, most candidates failed five assignments.
C.In this exam, no less than 15% of the candidates passed all five assignments.
D.In this exam, at least 15% of the candidates failed five assignments.

d
The new concept of "ant family" is familiar to the continuous media coverage and the heated discussion of public opinion.The so-called ant family is a group of people who have low salary income after graduation and live in cheap rental housing.
According to this definition, which of the following belong to the ant family?
A.Xiao Wang, who had graduated from university for one year, worked as a clerk in a company in Shenzhen with a monthly income of 1,500 yuan.The company gave her a two-bedroom house
B.Xiaotang Middle School applied for a company after graduation, with a monthly income of 1500 yuan, and rented a private house near the company with others
C.Xiao Liu is a fourth-year university student.He trains at a company that pays him 1,500 yuan per month and lives in the company's annex with his classmates.
D.Xiao Tan graduated from a university and worked in marketing for a company with a monthly income of 1500 yuan, a monthly rent sharing, and a water and electricity fee of 350 yuan

c
A substantive definition, also called a true definition, refers to the definition of the essential or special attributes of an object as reflected in the concept through precise language interpretation.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is that is not substantive definitions?
A."Insurance benefits" refer to the economic benefits that are legally enjoyed by the insured or the insurer team for the specific interests of the subject-matter insured, and can be estimated by money, and determined
B."The right to know the truth" refers to the right of consumers to know the true situation of the goods they purchase, use or receive.
C."Three Represents" represents the development requirements of advanced productive forces, the fundamental interests of the people, and the direction of advanced culture
D."Grey information" refers to information that is not publicly available, and which may be obtained through some legitimate, specific channels

c
According to the different methods of value transfer, capital can be divided into fixed capital and working capital.Working capital refers to a capital whose value can be transferred to new commodities at one time during the production process, and fixed capital refers to its value which can only be gradually transferred to Capital in new commodities.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following as working capital?
A.Sewing machines, workshops, and fabrics in garment processing plants
B.Producers of garment processing factories, auxiliary materials such as sewing machines and buttons
C.Producers of clothing processing factories, auxiliary materials such as cloth and buttons
D.Buildings, producers and fabrics of garment processing plants

b
External economy refers to the reduction of production costs due to various external factors of the enterprise; external diseconomy refers to the increase of production costs due to various external factors of the enterprise.These influencing factors include the distance from the raw material supply place and the product sales market.Distance, market size, the convenience of transportation and communication, development level of other related companies, etc.
According to the above definition, which of the following is the following that belongs to the external economy?
A.An automobile manufacturing company has reduced the production cost of automobiles due to increased productivity and improved management.
B.The price of a company's products is lower than that of other companies in the same industry because the government provides cheap raw materials and grants tax relief.
C.A country's preferential tariff policy on products exported by a certain company in China makes the export volume of the company's products greatly exceed last year, and thus has achieved huge profits.
D.The global economic recovery has increased the profits of foreign trade export companies

b
There is a situation where the return deviation is: When summing up successful experiences or teaching failures, people attribute the reasons for success to subjective factors, their own factors, and the reasons for failure to objective reasons, external factors.
Which of the following is the case?
A.An enterprise lost 50 million yuan in annual production and operation activities last year.At the year-end summary meeting, the person in charge of the enterprise believed that the reason for the loss was that the quality of the products produced by the enterprise did not reach the level of similar products in the industry.Product is not competitive
B.A candidate scored 35 points in the test.Afterward, he thought that the reason why he scored the lowest in the test was not that he didn't study hard, but because the questions were too difficult and difficult, and the number of questions was too late.Completed within the time of the exam.
C.After watching an audience of Jin Qilin at the CCTV Spring Festival Gala this year, an audience member said with emotion that she was born with hard work.How could she set a world record for Hula Guinness if she did n’t work hard at peacetime?
D.Xiao Wang did not pass the final exam well.Her classmates thought that she must have not worked hard, but the fact is that something happened to Xiao Wang's house recently, so his mood was greatly affected.

b
The crime of money laundering is to indicate that it is known to be a crime, an organized crime of a triad nature, the illegal income of smuggling crimes and the income it generates.In order to cover up and conceal its source and nature, it is deposited in the financial structure and transferred to make it available on the market Legalization.
By definition, what does not constitute the crime of money laundering?
A.A smuggles cigarettes and hides the money in a car to take it out of the country.Deposit it in a foreign account in the name of a foreign country and return to its home country.
B.A brings the two million yuan of the fraud out of the country, and then exchanges it for foreign currency
C.A buys a villa with the money from heroin sales, and then deposits all the money for the villa sale into a local bank
D.A gives the money from the smuggled watch to his wife who runs the real estate company, and his wife deposits it in the bank in the name of the company.

b
The occupational plateau refers to the possibility of individuals being further promoted at some stage in their career.
Which of the following employees are not in the occupation plateau?
A.Lack of opportunities for employee development in the organization, the organization cannot meet the needs of the individual career development of the employee, and an employee cannot be promoted
B.An employee's performance level does not reach the level acceptable to the organization, and there is no opportunity for further promotion
C.An employee has a strong ability to work and is responsible for his work, because his family has changed and he has missed the promotion opportunity
D.An employee has a strong ability to work, but because the person in charge of the company is the only relative, there is little chance of further promotion

c
The herd effect refers to a kind of herd mentality.Herd mentality refers to the fact that people do not behave according to their actual situation or actual needs, but according to popular trends in society or due to the guidance or pressure of others.A psychological phenomenon of consistent direction change, herd mentality often leads to blind obedience.
According to the definition, which of the following are not part of the herd effect?
A.Seeing that the stock market started well this year and many of the friends around him were speculating in the stock market.Xiao Wang, who knows nothing about the stock market, thinks that he should also speculate in stocks.
B.Because art colleges and music colleges have lower admission scores for cultural courses than ordinary colleges, many junior or high school students with poor cultural foundations have shifted their focus of study, changed to art or music, and are preparing to apply for art Or music school
C.The instructor and instructor told the soldiers that a chief would come to watch before the design exercise.As a result, most soldiers behaved abnormally during the exercise.
D.Seeing that colleagues and many people on the streetwear long sweaters, Xiao Zhao also went to the mall to buy one.Because Xiao Zhao is short and fat, he doesn't look good in this dress.

d
In an exam, a student was caught cheating, and the teacher told him: if you do n’t want to be caught, do n’t do stupid things,
What does the following sentence mean differently?
A.If you do stupid things, you need to be prepared to be caught
B.Avoid getting caught unless you do stupid things
C.Either get caught or don't do stupid things
D.People who get caught doing stupid things often have bad luck

c
Food safety has always been a stubborn disease in China, and the relevant experts said that this has something to do with the huge profits of certain food industries.If we expand production in these industries and increase supplies, food safety problems will gradually disappear.
Which of the following, if true, would strongly refute the above view?
A.Food safety issues have not been taken seriously and relevant legislation lags behind
B.China's crackdown on illegal crimes in the field of food safety is not enough
C.Milk powder is currently oversupplied in China.Recently, "leather milk" has revived on the market
D.A small number of wealth-collecting elements have created food safety problems through an animal will, provoking ordinary people's dissatisfaction with the government

b
Not necessarily any economic development will cause environmental damage, but there cannot be environmental damage that promotes economic development.
Which of the following is the closest to the above determination?
A.Any economic development will not necessarily cause environmental damage, but any environmental damage will necessarily hinder economic development
B.Some economic development does not necessarily cause environmental damage, but any environmental damage will inevitably hinder economic development
C.Any economic development may not cause environmental damage, but some environmental damage will definitely hinder economic development
D.Some economic development may not cause environmental damage, but any environmental damage may hinder economic development

a
At a masquerade, both boys and girls wore makeup and could not distinguish between men and women.The boys only told lies and the girls only told the truth.A guy wanted to find a female partner to dance.A: "Are you guys or girls?" A said, "Or I am a boy, or B is a girl."
which is the correct judgment the boy made?
A.A and B are girls
B.A and B are all boys
C.A is a boy and B is a girl
D.A is a girl and B is a boy

c
Everyone who wants to engage in education wants to obtain a Mandarin certificate such as Level A.and Wang Hong also wants to obtain a Mandarin certificate such as Level A.so Wang Hong must want to engage in education.
Which of the following, if true, best supports this view?
A.At present, more and more people who are engaged in education have obtained Mandarin certificate such as Class A
B.Not wanting to get a second-class Mandarin certificate, is not a good educator
C.Only those who want to work in education want to get a second-class Mandarin certificate
D.Only those who have obtained a Putonghua certificate such as Level 2 are eligible for education

c
There are five women in the school who are applying for the position of a dance teacher.Two of them are over 30 years old, and the other three are younger than 30 years old.Two women have been Teachers, the other three have been secretaries in the past.Now I only know that: A and C belong to the same age group, and Ding and Wu belong to different age groups.B and E have had the same occupations, and C and D have different occupations.
The principal wants to choose a lady who is over 30 years old and has been a teacher as a dance teacher.Who will be the lucky one?
A.B
B.C
C.Ding
D.E

d
Agricultural subsidies usually refer to the financial or financial support provided by the government of a country's agricultural product producers or operators, including cash subsidies, price support or other preferential policies to make its agricultural products in the international and domestic markets with Gain a competitive advantage over similar unsubsidized products.
According to the above definition, which of the following is agricultural subsidies?
A.The area A is mainly grassland, and the grassland is degraded due to overgrazing.According to the conditions of the area, the national government has issued a subsidy for herders for 8 to 10 years, asking them to reduce the livestock and livestock raised, which has led to higher prices of beef and mutton on the market Up
B The government of a country matches the farmers and the Rice Research Institute, so that the farmers in the country have planted a new variety of rice.The quality and yield of this type of rice have been greatly improved, making the country's rice export prices almost the same as those on the international market.
C In order to stabilize the price of agricultural products, in addition to the reduction and exemption policy for stall rents of farmers' market operators, a city government also stipulates that if the rents of stalls are lower than the specified amount, subsidies ranging from 10% to 40% can be issued to operators.
In-country D, the government bought corn grown by farmers at a price higher than the international market, and sold it at a low price to encourage farmers to plant corn.A company in the country used corn as the main feed to cultivate broiler chickens, and then exported it to country B in large quantities

a
Defense: It is a lawsuit in which the criminal suspect, the defendant and his defender's allegations against the public prosecutor and the private prosecutor prove their innocence or guilt, and require the exemption or reduction of criminal punishment.
According to the above definition, which of the following situations is a defense?
A.The U.S.Supreme Court argues that Microsoft's business practices have violated the Antitrust Act, forming a de facto monopoly, and sued him.Microsoft cleared the most famous lawyer in the United States to justify it and prove its actions to the court Are in the interests of consumers and do not hinder competition
B.During an intercollegiate debate, the anti-Party Debate made a lot of rebuttals and stated his arguments
C.In a trial of a case, the plaintiff-side tried to state the guilt of the defendant to the judge, and repeatedly emphasized what kind of punishment the defendant committed.
D.After the judgment of the court of the first instance, the defendant dissatisfied with the judgment and thought he was not guilty.

b
National defense is an important factor in a country's overall national strength.The stronger a country's military strength, the less likely it is to be violated by other countries.
From this
A.A country with a strong national defense force must also have a strong overall national strength.
B.To improve the overall national strength, we must attach importance to the building of national defense forces.
C.Countries with strong military forces like to invade other countries
D.National defense construction is the main direction of national construction

c
Adhesion strategy: a strategy to glue different objects or components in different objects into a new image.
Which of the following are not part of the gluing strategy:
A.Fengyuan, Hongyuan and Xinxing were originally three individual small businesses.The situation was very difficult.The city government took measures to let them unite into "New Hongyuan" Co., Ltd., and now it has become a provincial star enterprise
B.Jiangsu Provincial Party Committee and Provincial Government are similar to Suzhou, Wuxi, and Changzhou in terms of population, culture, consumption, and other aspects.The characteristics of imbalanced market development and advanced decision-making require the advantages of the three places to complement each other.chain
C.In order to solve the financial difficulties of the enterprise, the leadership decided to borrow 2,000 yuan from each employee, calculated based on the bank's interest in the same period
D.Xiao Du sang very well.He wanted to set up a band, so he contacted Xiao Song who can play the guitar, Xiao Hua who can play the violin, Xiao Li who can play the electronic piano, and other five people.Became popular after the year

d
Soft science: It is a comprehensive application of theories and methods of natural sciences, social sciences, and philosophy to predict, plan, and manage complex social issues (policy issues and social issues that interact with people, nature, socioeconomics, and science and technology).And evaluation, and to find the optimal solution and decision as a whole.
Which of the following are soft sciences:
A.Psychology
B.Logic
C.Linguistics
D.Management

d
Right to the environment: Citizens' right to use environmental resources from the bottom up in an environment that is not polluted and destroyed.
Which of the following are not environmental rights:
A.A company will build a 35-story high-rise building near a residential area.Some residents may not see the sun all year round.Several residents have brought the company to the people's court and asked the company to return their right to sunlight
B.A resident set up a small shed at the entrance of the public building, which severely affected the ventilation of the entire corridor, so he and other residents of the corridor reported the household to the people's court and asked the household to demolish the small shed and restore it well.Ventilation conditions
C.Lao Shen newly built a clothing billboard, and soon after it was installed, he was sued by a neighbor to the court, saying that Shen's billboard crossed the balcony, blocking his family's sight, and asking Shen's house to move the billboard to restore Right of sight
D.Xiao Xu bought a box of cookies in a supermarket and found a fly in the cookie after returning home.Xiao Xu took the supermarket to the court and asked the supermarket to restore its health right

b
"Blacklist" of credit quality: refers to the disclosure of certain individuals or units' violations of laws and regulations in economic activities within a certain range through certain information systems.Management tools.
Which of the following does not meet the above definition:
A.The China Banking Regulatory Commission recently issued a notification "list" to financial institutions, calling for high vigilance on loans from companies on the list
B.A magazine disclosed that when a passenger asked for an invoice from a dining car, he actually received a receipt with the word "meal"
C.Since October 1, the People's Bank of China has included people with bad credit into the "Personal Credit Information Database"
D.The cultural administrative department of a province has recently decided to establish credit files for various cultural business units, and those with poor credit will be punished to a certain extent.

c
Irrational: Refers to the spiritual elements that are not based on rational thinking and the psychological form of the subject that cannot be included in the concept of logical thinking in the process of human recognition.
Which of the following cognitive processes are irrational:
A.When learning English words, use the combination of glyphs to master the spark memory method of memorizing the meaning of words
B.Historicism insists on examining philosophical issues based on the history of science
C.Archimedes takes a bath in the bathtub and was inspired by the identification crown for water overflow
D.Positivism believes that only through evidence is the only reliable

c
Environmental noise: refers to sounds that interfere with the surrounding living environment during industrial production, building construction, transportation, and social life.
Which of the following are environmental noise:
A.Langlang's Reading Sounds in Tranquil Park
B.The whistle sound during the test run in Auto City
C.Roaring mechanical sounds in the nursing home
D.Guess sound at the feast

b
Empirical decision-making: Decisions made by individual clever warlocks, or by the personal experience, knowledge, and wisdom of decision-makers.
Which of the following are empirical decisions:
A.There are three main principles in the decision-making of an enterprise: one is to grasp the big and let the small; the other is to divide the work into multiple and implement "classified management" and "hierarchical management" on the content of the decision;
B.The investors and founders of a private enterprise often come to the front line to directly grasp the first-hand materials and grasp the overall situation.The premise of decision-making is that "something that has happened in the past will recur", which greatly reduces business risks.
C.An executive always cooperates with professional market research companies, collects information through them, and then makes decisions based on the situation of the enterprise
D.A production line of an enterprise is broken.The technical staff thinks that production should be stopped and repaired immediately.The boss is worried that the production task will not be fulfilled and he will not be responsible for the breach of contract.He does not agree to stop production.

a
Self-confidence: firmly believe in the positive and healthy personality qualities and psychological characteristics of one's ability and behavioral strength, based on a full understanding of social life and a full understanding of oneself, based on a scientific attitude of seeking truth from facts and adhering to the truth.
Which of the following is considered self-confidence:
A.Xiaoming's final exam scores are good, but he is not satisfied.He finds that many questions are deducted for carelessness, so he thinks that if he can be careful, the next time he encounters the same difficulty test paper, he will be better.
B.Xiaoqiang's test scores are generally higher than those of Xiaojun at the same table, so Xiaoqiang believes that he is better than Xiaojun in all aspects.
C.Xiaolei found that his classmate Xiaowei had thicker arms than himself, so he firmly believed that his strength was certainly not as great as that of Xiaowei.
D.Xiao Tao's family is poor.His parents work outside the home all year round.Grandpa and grandma are not strict with Xiao Tao.Therefore, Xiao Tao is naughty and stubborn at school and does not study hard.

d
Purchasing power of social commodities: refers to the currency payment ability used by various aspects of society to purchase goods during a certain period of time, reflecting the demand for goods and market capacity of the society in this period.Since purchasing power refers to the ability to purchase goods, everything is not The physical receipts and payments settled by currency and monetary expenditures that are not used to purchase goods and services are outside the scope of social purchasing power.
Which of the following items belong to the purchasing power of social goods:
A.Xiao Li pays a party fee of 78 yuan per month on time.
B.Xiaosun receives 3,000 yuan salary from the company every month.
C.Xiao Wang deducts a part of the monthly salary for personal income tax.
D.Xiao Zhang borrowed 4,000 yuan from Xiao Liu to buy a computer in the first half of the year.He returned the loan to Xiao Liu this month.

d
Gray marketing: There are two different meanings.The first refers to marketing activities for seniors, also known as silver pride; the second refers to marketing activities that have moral or legal issues.
Which of the following are not grey marketing:
A.A company deliberately imitates the packaging and decoration of another company, but it is so clever that it is difficult for the imitated company to sue it
B.It is difficult for a legal agency to impose sanctions on a company when it contains implicit violence and pornography
C.The seller sells the goods by way of concession to the buyer's agent, so that the buyer's interests are partially occupied by his purchasing agent
D.The production enterprise strictly abides by the agreement with the agent to ensure that the franchise of the agent is not infringed and protects their own interests

c
"Alpine Flowing Water" is classical music that everyone appreciates, and everyone's attitude towards any kind of classical music is either fascinated or not appreciated.
This shows:
A.Anyone appreciate classical music
B.no one appreciates classical music
C.Anyone is fascinated by "mountain water"
D.Some people are not obsessed with "mountain water"

d
During an office style inspection, four people were found playing cards in the office during work.When asked individually for identity, those who wore glasses said: "None of us are from the unit." "The black-faced said:" I don't know anything."The person wearing a leather jacket said:" At least one of them is not the unit."It was verified that only one of the four-spoke the truth.
This shows:
A.It's not the unit who wears glasses and a leather jacket
B.The black-faced is the unit, but the young are not the unit
C.The young are not the unit, and the glasses are the unit
D.Young and those in leather jackets are from the unit

a
A public service ad advises people not to drive after drinking until you feel safe to drive.However, in a study conducted by hospitals, subjects who were immediately asked after drinking often underestimated what they need to restore their driving ability This result suggests that it is difficult for people who drink before driving to follow the advice of this ad.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusions:
A.Subjects studied in the hospital estimate their ability to resume driving is generally more conservative than others
B.The subject of the hospital study was also asked about the time required to restore the ability to not play an important role in safe driving
C.Some people who have to drive home don't drink
D.General people are more alert to PSAs than hospital research subjects

b
A leader said at a working meeting: "We must first have a sense of being close to the people.With the sense of being close to the people, we can consider issues from the perspective of ordinary people, and we can responsibly solve practical problems for ordinary people.Help the masses solve the difficulties in a timely manner, then the relationship between the cadres and the masses is drawn closer."
From this sentence of leadership, we can deduce:
A.If there is a sense of "friendly to the people", then the relationship between the cadres and the masses will be drawn closer.The result must be that we can help the masses solve the difficulties in a timely manner.
B.If there is a sense of "friendly to the people", then the relationship between the cadre and the masses will be drawn closer.However, the premise is that we can help the people solve the difficulties in a timely manner.
C.Only with the sense of being "friendly to the people" can we consider issues from the perspective of ordinary people and solve practical problems responsibly for the people.As a result, we must have closer relations between cadres and the masses.
D.If we can responsibly solve practical problems for the common people, we will have a sense of being "friendly to the people." However, the premise is that we must pay attention to the relations between cadres and the masses.

c
Or all guests have fun, or some guests hide their true feelings, people who are not candid will hide their true feelings, all guests are frank people,
visible?
A.Only people who express their true emotions can have fun.
B.Some guests hide their true feelings.
C.All guests have fun.
D.Have fun to express your true feelings.

d
The investigation found that if the Liaoning team got the qualifying rights, then the Jiangsu team or the Anhui team would also get the qualifying rights.If the Jiangsu team and the Shandong team got the qualifying rights, then the Jiangxi team would get the qualifying rights, and only the Jiangxi team and the Shanxi team would qualify.Right, the Shaanxi team can get the qualifying right.
It's impossible for Jiangxi team to get the qualifying right.
A.Anhui team can't get the right to qualify.
B.Liaoning team cannot get qualifying.
C.Jiangsu team cannot get the qualifying right.
D.The Shaanxi team cannot get the qualifying rights.

c
According to the people concerned, the IQ of Asians, especially Chinese children, is high.The Japanese are 103, the Americans are 101-103, and the Chinese are 110.Former State Councilor Song Jian believes that IQ is not wisdom yet.People know the big picture, know the environment, recognize the course, respect others, and work together.
Based on this, can we think?
A.Although Chinese have a high IQ, they are not wise.
B.Americans have wisdom even though they have lower IQs.
C.IQ does not determine intelligence.
D.Great wisdom.

d
The so-called income refers to the income derived from the original, divided into two types: natural income and statutory information.Natural income refers to the income obtained according to the natural attributes of things, and statutory information refers to the legal relationship Gains.
According to the above definition, which of the following acts is statutory interest?
A.Bezoar inside the cattle body
B.Ripe apples on the apple tree
C.Bonuses for white-collar workers in foreign-funded enterprises
D.Dividends received by shareholders

c
Social relief refers to a security system in which the state, through the redistribution of national income, provides free assistance to members of society who cannot maintain the minimum standard of living due to natural disasters or other economic and social reasons.
Which of the following options are social relief?
A.Placement Fees for Veterans
B.Work injury insurance
C.State releases property to people in disaster-stricken areas
D.Opening of nursing homes for orphans

a
Presumption means that the parties do not express their intentions verbally and in writing, but express their inner meaning to the outside through purposeful and meaningful positive actions, so that others can infer the parties based on common sense, trading habits or mutual tacit understanding.Has expressed a meaning, which makes a legal act possible,
Which of the following are presumed forms?
A.After the expiration of the house lease, the lessor still accepts the rent that the lessee continues to pay
B.After the beginning of the inheritance, the heir did not give up the inheritance, so he was deemed to accept the inheritance.
C.The leaders of Company A and Company B signed the cooperation agreement, indicating that the two parties agree to cooperate
D.Lee and Yang agreed to go to school together

c
Literary and art psychology is a branch of literary art or aesthetics, which studies the problems in literary and artistic creation, literary and artistic works, and literary and artistic acceptance from a psychological perspective.
According to the above definitions, which of the following statements are not literary psychology?
A.Austrian psychologist, psychiatrist uses psychoanalysis to study literary activities
B.Study the psychological motivation of artistic creation
C.Studying the Metrics in Classical Poetry
D.Study the artist's artistic experience

c
The legal liability of a lawyer means that in the practice of a lawyer, due to intentional or gross negligence, violation of the relevant laws and regulations and the lawyer's practice discipline, the legal rights and interests of the client are damaged, the normal judicial procedures are disrupted, and the profession of the lawyer is affected Image, leading to the consequences that lawyers should bear civil, administrative, and criminal responsibilities according to law.
Which of the following is not a legal liability of a lawyer?
A.Lawyer loses important evidence and fails to provide evidence
B.Attorney negligently handled the case rashly
C.The judge's sentence was not strict enough to lead to a wrong case
D.When evidence should be collected, the evidence is obliterated due to the lawyer's failure to collect it in a timely manner

c
Separation of government and enterprise refers to a reform of the economic system that separates ownership and management rights, and returns many functions and powers of government departments at all levels that directly managed the production and operation of enterprises to the enterprises, so that the government's focus on economic management changes from micro to macro.
Which of the following is in line with the separation of government and enterprise?
A.Enterprise government is owned and also operated by the government, and the government is solely responsible for management
B.The government is decoupled from the enterprise and the enterprise is completely autonomous
C.The government mainly conducts overall planning, provides services and inspects and supervises, the company operates independently, and is responsible for its own profits and losses.
D.The government appoints officials to manage the enterprise, and the enterprise personnel system and salary system are discussed and decided by the government.

c
Reasonable nutrition refers to the amount of various nutrients that each person must ingest from a certain amount of food each day in order to maintain the physiological functions of normal people and engage in labor to meet the various energy needs of the body.
Which of the following are not reasonable nutritional purposes?
A.Satisfying various energy needs of human body
B.Maintenance of human physiological functions
C.Athletes participate in international marathon
D.To replenish workers' energy in order to continue working

c
Tyndall phenomenon: when a beam of light passes through the colloid, a bright "path" appearing in the colloid can be observed from the vertical direction of the incident light.
Which of the following belong to the Tyndall phenomenon?
A.Flashlight hits the wall to form an aperture
B.Light can change direction through water
C.In the dense woods in the early morning, you can often see the beams of light passing through the branches and leaves.
D.The shadow of the blue sky and white clouds reflected in the clear lake

b
Afterimage: refers to the phenomenon that the impression remains for a period of time after the stimulus stops working.
which of the following are afterimages?
A.There are stains on the clothes, and I ca n’t clean them after washing it several times
B.After watching the electric light for a while, turn off the light, there is still a feeling that the light is on there
C.A large glass door has been wiped clean and always feels like no glass
D.It's quiet at night, but I always feel scary when I listen carefully

a
Because the interest rate on mortgage loans is falling, many consumers are waiting to see how low the interest rate will be, so the number of new homes sold in January has fallen sharply, and while the sales have fallen sharply, the average price of new homes sold has surged.
Which of the following, if correct, best explains the surge in the average price of a new house? ?
A.Sales of higher-priced houses are not affected by the decline in sales, as their buyers are less limited by the total amount paid
B.Labor agreement between builders and building unions expires next January
C.Prices of new homes have been rising slowly over the past three years as the severity of the lack of housing has increased
D.More homeowners sold their mid-priced homes again in January than in the previous three months

c
Infant mortality in a society is a recognized sign of its overall health.Although infant mortality in some parts of the United States is higher than in many developing countries, the overall U.S.rate has been declining, but this decline does not necessarily indicate that: Now, American babies are now healthier than they were when they were born.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the statement made above regarding the decline in infant mortality? ?
A.Infant mortality data as a whole masks shortfalls in special regions
B.Low birth weight is the leading cause of death in half of U.S.infants
C.Most premature and low birth weight babies need to stay in the hospital for a longer period of time, and the United States has developed and has superb technology in this regard
D.Babies who can't get enough care from the caregiver can't grow healthily, so they gain weight slowly

d
A jewelry store was stolen.The police have found the following clues: (1) At least one of A.B, and C is a criminal; (2) If A is a criminal, then B must be a co-offender; (3) When the theft occurs, B Drinking coffee at the coffee shop.
Can this be launched?
A.A is a criminal
B.A.B are criminals
C.A.B, C are all criminals
D.C is a criminal

b
The market economy has had a major impact on university education.There are so-called "unpopular majors" and "popular majors." The number of applicants varies widely, which seriously affects the normal education and academic research of universities.
therefore?
A.Market economy is not conducive to the development of education
B.University education must adhere to the correct education research direction while adapting to the market economy
C.University should expand enrollment in popular majors, cut off unpopular majors
D.University education should be far from the market economy

d
At present, there is an "Asian fever" surging in the academic circles.However, when defining such concepts, it does not treat all nations equally.Therefore, in the Chinese language community, "Asia" is basically a painting with China as its center.A round circle, and "the world" is a wonderful vision composed of developed countries.
therefore?
A.Chinese scholars' research level is too low
B.China is Asia, the West is the world
C.Research on Asia is not necessary
D.When Chinese scholars do research, they often do n’t delve into “Asia” and talk about “China”, instead of focusing on the “World”, they focus on the West

d
It is because of the second taste that mammals can eat and breathe.Obviously, eating and breathing is necessary to maintain mammals' efficient metabolism.
Which of the following mammals' findings could attenuate the above assertion?
A.Mammals with efficient metabolism and ability to eat and breathe
B.Mammals with inefficient metabolism and ability to breathe while eating
C.Mammals with inefficient metabolism but without the ability to eat and breathe
D.Mammals with high metabolism but no second taste

c
Anxiety neurosis is a general clinical manifestation of a generalized anxiety disorder (chronic anxiety disorder) and epileptic panic state (acute anxiety disorder).It is an unfounded panic and tension or the degree of tension and panic is very different from the actual situation Correspondingly, the psychological experience is generalized, without the fear and panic of a fixed target, and with physical symptoms of increased alertness.
According to the above definition, which of the following is anxiety neurosis?
Xiao Li, a senior in high school, usually behaves very normally in class, but when he meets the teacher, he is nervous and can't speak, even if he can't answer the questions
B Lao Li was found to have a tumor.The thought of Lao Li was very scared when he thought that he might be dead soon.
C Recently, there have been several burglaries in a city, and her husband did not return overtime one night.Xiaoli was very worried all night and almost never slept.
Xiaosun D just recently fell in love, she locked herself at home every day, heartbroken and painful

a
Attempted crime means that the crime has been initiated and failed because of reasons other than the will of the criminal; the suspension of the crime means that the crime is automatically suspended or automatically effective for its own sake before the criminal result occurs after the preparation of the crime, the execution of the crime and the end of the crime To prevent the consequences of crime.
According to the above definition, which of the following is crimes suspended?
A Qian Mou was going to drive and kill Zhou Mou, driving on the road, Qian Mou remembered that he might be imprisoned for this, then he dispelled the idea of killing and turned around to go home
B Lee always suspected that the neighbor Pharaoh and his daughter-in-law were infected.One night, he blocked the road that Pharaoh would normally go home to prepare to beat him while Pharaoh passed by.However, that night, Pharaoh did not return due to overtime.Home, Lee waited until three o'clock in the morning
C.Sun had a dispute with dormitory classmate Zhao.One day while Zhao was in class, Sun dropped a toxic cyanide in the water dispenser and left the dormitory in an attempt to poison Zhao.On that day, a law popularization event was being held on campus.After listening to the law, Sun quickly ran back to the dormitory to drain the water.Unexpectedly, Zhao returned to the dormitory in advance because of his discomfort that day.When Sun arrived at the dormitory, he found that Zhao had been poisoned and died.
D Zhang went to a villa and burgled.After opening the door, he was about to steal and suddenly saw a pool of blood on the ground.He fainted and fainted.

c
Although many experts have strongly advocated that participating in extracurricular activities can effectively open up children's horizons and enhance their children's curiosity, many parents and even teachers will still take part in extracurricular activities and academics, and think that children should spend more time In order to improve academic performance, some experts said that the more children participate in extracurricular activities, the better their academic performance.Parents and teachers are advised to give their children more time to participate in extracurricular activities.
Which of the following options, if true, would most weaken an expert's inference?
A.Children who participate in extracurricular activities are more likely to get the teacher's attention
B.Participating in extracurricular activities can improve children's curiosity during class
C parents, teachers tend to allow children with good academic performance to have more time to participate in extracurricular activities
D.Participating in extracurricular activities takes time for review

a
The impact of the Federal Reserve on the stock exchange market centered on Wall Street is also huge.The U.S.government does not have the right to issue currency.The U.S.government must obtain future U.S.taxes in the form of national debt to the U.S.Federal Reserve, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York issues the agency U.S.government bonds have been invested in the stock exchange market.More importantly, the Fed's adjustment of the number of US dollars issued and interest rates directly affects the trend of Wall Street and even the global economy.
Based on the above discussion, which of the following can be derived is:
The issuance of A dollar and the adjustment of interest rates may be an important means for the U.S.government to influence the world economy
B Federal Reserve is a division of the U.S.federal government
C.The Fed issued the U.S.dollar on the condition that the U.S.government mortgages taxes to the Fed in the form of the national debt
D.The Fed specifically performs the functions of the U.S.Central Bank

d
At a class reunion after graduating from college for ten years, it was found that all girls were married, and some married boys had experience traveling abroad, but there were also classmates who participated in the party who were neither married nor abroad.
Based on the above, Which of the following options must be correct?
A Some girls have no experience traveling abroad
B Some girls have travel experience abroad
All boys have travel experience abroad
D Some boys have no experience traveling abroad

b
When investigating an online fraud case, the investigators found that the three suspects involved in the case were A.B, and C from A.B, and C.The three were responsible for writing the fraud script, dialing the fraud phone number, and collecting the fraudulent money.Human confessions (1) The suspect responsible for writing the fraud script borrowed money from the suspect from C.(2) The suspect from B learned the Mandarin from the suspect responsible for making the fraud call.(3) Responsible for writing.The suspect of the scam script and the suspect from place B were co-accomplices in another fraud case.(4) B and the suspect from place A worked in the same city.(5) The suspect from place B, B Are older than C.
Based on the above information, is the following judgment correct?
A C is responsible for making scam calls, A is from B
B B is responsible for making scam calls
C is responsible for writing the scam script
D Suspect from C is responsible for collecting fraud

b
China's diverse geographical environment and climate, sunrise and sunset, people sown in spring, autumn harvest, summer farming, winter Tibetan, four seasons reincarnation, hiding a set of rigorous calendars, which will last for thousands of years, compared to In the era of farming, today's people are increasingly alienated from nature.However, following the ancestors' wisdom of life and using this to arrange their own diets, they have been internalized into Chinese-specific genes.
What best supports the above conclusions?
A plays an important role in the daily diet of young people
B.Many families in big cities are beginning to choose to eat in restaurants.
C Borscht, pork cutlets, and other imported products were eventually assimilated into Shanghainese's own taste
D Sichuan cuisine is loved by locals in many parts of the country

b
Xenobiotic growth refers to the phenomenon that secondary metabolites produced by plants inhibit the growth, development and elimination of other plants through information during plant growth.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as:
A.Black walnut leaves contain walnut quinone, which can inhibit the growth of other plants
B.The farmer sprayed the herbicide and killed the surrounding rice seedlings.
C.Apples and pears can release gaseous ethylene from fruits, branches and leaves, causing the surrounding plants to wither and fall early
D.A hormone secreted by pine roots can inhibit the growth of birch

c
According to whether the perpetrator expresses intention, the behavior in civil law can be divided into intentional behavior and non-ideal behavior.Expressive behavior refers to the behavior of the perpetrator through intentional expression; non-ideal behavior refers to the behavior of the party without the intention of expression It mainly includes factual acts and illegal acts.Factual acts refer to acts that subjectively do not have the meaning of a civil legal relationship, but cause the consequences of civil legal relationships in accordance with the provisions of the law.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are factual acts:
A.Zhang San and Li Si sign a house lease contract
B.Uncle Li feels that time is running out and makes a will
C.Professor Wang wrote a dissertation and obtained the copyright of the dissertation
D.Boss Zhao donated his property to the babysitter who has been serving him for many years

b
Body image disorder, also known as the negative physical self, is an individual's negative perception of the body, negative emotional experience and corresponding behavioral regulation.It contains stereotyped, emotional, and over-emphasized evaluations of information such as weight, body shape and food.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following are not classified as physical image disorders:
A.Zhang Gui sighs in front of the mirror every day before leaving for a long time.
B.Hou Zhen feels that he is fit and he especially likes to show his chest muscles in the gym
C.Li Jing was diagnosed with anorexia because she was too fat
D.Zhao Min is worried that her health will be abandoned by her husband

d
The birdcage effect means that after people accidentally obtain an item that they don't need, they will continue to add more related things that they don't need.
According to the above definition, Which of the following are consistent with the birdcage effect:
A.Li Yan bought a lot of things that are not needed in order to participate in an e-commerce platform full of 199 minus 100
B.Zhang Lei gave Aunt Liu a big fish.In order to pack the fish, Aunt Liu bought another tool for scraping fish scales.
C.When the unit opened its annual meeting, Xiaoli picked up a mobile phone.On the same day, she bought a mobile phone case online.
D.The neighbor gave Xiaomi a fish tank, so she bought some fish and put it in, although she didn't like raising fish

d
The non-arbitrary confession exclusion rule means that in criminal proceedings, only the confession made based on the free will of the respondent (that is, a confession of guilty confession) will be capable of evidence; the confession made in violation of the parties' will or legal procedures is not a confession But forced confession.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following meet the non-arbitrary confession exclusion rules:
A.Suspect Smith never pleaded guilty, and the police took turns to question him
B.The police threatened the security of Robert's family by admitting that he had planned a terrorist attack
C.Time has remained silent in court, prosecutors need to provide more evidence to prove his guilty
D.Prosecutors in a country reach an agreement with Brown, and Brown acknowledges that the charges have been reduced

a
The primary group refers to a social group with close interpersonal relationships and strong emotional colors; the second group refers to a social group that has formed formal relationships through clear rules and regulations in order to achieve actual special goals.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following do not involve primary groups:
A.Wang Liying's birthday today, the company employees bought her a birthday cake
B.Grandpa Zhang is a hundred years old this year, and set up an organizing committee for his juniors
C.Grandma Li was ill and hospitalized, and the village's neighbors came to the hospital to visit her
D.Zhao Xiaogang chats with his junior high school classmates on WeChat group every day

d
When recruiting full-time teachers in a school, 5 doctors Zhang Qiang, Li Ying, Wang Dan, Zhao Lei, and Qian Ping were applied.3 graduated from American universities, 2 graduated from British universities; 2 published SSCI papers, 3 did not SSCI papers.It is known that Zhang Qiang and Wang Dan graduated from the same country, but Zhao Lei and Qian Ping graduated from different countries; Li Ying and Qian Ping published the same situation, but Wang Dan and Zhao Lei published thesis.The situation was different.In the end, a doctoral doctor who had published an SSCI thesis at a British university was accepted.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Zhang Qiang has not published an SSCI paper
B.Li Ying has published SSCI papers
C.Wang Dan graduated from a UK institution
D.Zhao Lei graduated from a British institution

d
An expert pointed out that distracted driving behaviors such as inattentiveness caused by driver's deviation from sight or distraction are common and important causes of traffic accidents in China.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of these experts?
A.Answering a call while driving will delay the reflection time by 3 times
B.Studies show that 67% of car accidents in EU countries are caused by distracted driving
C.19 times more likely to have a car accident while talking than driving
D.Statistics show that drunk driving accounts for 1/3 and distracted driving accounts for 1/2 of the causes of traffic accidents in China

c
Board of Directors: We should no longer waste money on Project A.In fact, after this project started, the company's market share dropped.So the project failed.
Which of the following assumptions does the board's argument base?
A.Investment in project A has increased for several consecutive years
B.The company's market share is lower than when project A started
C.Without Project A.the company's market share will not be lower than it is now
D.If Project A can operate more effectively, the company's market share will increase

a
There are two kinds of fruit candy and toffee in the jar.The kindergarten teacher puts his hands into the jar, and then fists each with a piece of sugar.Then the teacher said four words: 1 the right hand is definitely not fruited candy.2 or the left hand is fruit candy Or the right hand is fruit candy.3 If the left hand is fruit candy, the right hand is not fruit candy.4 The left hand and right hand are both fruit candy.
Assuming that three of the four sentences that the teacher said are true and one is false, Which of the following options are correct:
A.Left-hand fruit candy, right-hand toffee
B.Left-hand fruit candy, right-hand fruit candy
C.Left-hand toffee, right-hand toffee
D.Left-hand toffee, right hand fruit candy

a
Some people say that everyone who is admitted to the university is a student who studies well.Zhang San did not enter the university, so Zhang San is not a student who studies well.
Which of the following inferences clearly shows that the above argument is not valid?
A.All those who have achieved success have to dress and eat.I have no achievements now, so I don't have to dress and eat.
B.Commodities have use-value, and land has use-value, so land is a commodity.
C.All the civil servants who have been rated as excellent have villager work experience, and Xiao Zhang has been rated as an excellent civil servant, so Xiao Zhang has work experience in the village.
D.Theft is illegal, and illegal acts will be severely punished by the law, so theft should be severely punished by the law.

b
Traditional theories suggest that human ancestors were forced to leave the arboreal environment and chose to walk upright on the ground due to climate change and reduced trees.A new study suggests that early human upright walking originated from the rugged mountains of eastern and southern Africa today.The terrain was formed by a volcanic eruption and tectonic plate movement during the Pliocene period.Human ancestors were attracted by rocky terrain and canyons, which provided good shelter habitats and opportunities to trap prey; this environment required early humans to be upright The ability to walk and climb, so human ancestors eventually evolved into bipedal upright walking.
Based on the above, which of the following can be introduced is:
A.The destruction of the arboreal environment has forced people into the mountain canyons
B.Human ancestors chose to walk upright to better adapt to the terrain environment
C.Changes in geological conditions changed the way early ancestors of humans walked
D.Canyon area provides richer food resources

d
The larger a power bank brand, the larger the capacity, the more times the phone is charged.The capacity of a major brand of 12,000 mAh is greater than that of a small brand of 8,000 mAh.Therefore, the charging of a major brand of 12,000 mAh Bao charges the same mobile phone more often than a small brand of 8000mAh.
Which of the following are most similar to the above reasoning:
A.The more a person likes to exercise, the healthier he is.Xiao Wang loves to run than Xiao Zhang, so Xiao Wang is healthier than Xiao Zhang
B.The larger the diamond, the higher its total price.The diamond of A is larger than the diamond of B.Therefore, the diamond of A is more expensive than the diamond of B
C.The result of this year's long jump champion is better than the previous year's long jump champion.Zhang Hua is this year's long jump champion, so his long jump result this year is better than his previous year.
D.The higher the product quality and the more advertising investment, the greater the product demand.Company A's product quality and advertising costs are better and more than that of Company B.Therefore, the demand for Company A's products is greater than that of Company B.

b
All truths are tested in practice, and relativity is the truth, so relativity is tested in practice.
Which of the following reasoning has the same structure as the above reasoning?
A.All nouns are real words, verbs are not nouns, so verbs are not real words
B.Metals are conductive, and carbon is metal, so carbon is conductive
C.Whales breathe with their lungs, seals may not be whales, so seals may not breathe with their lungs
D.All fine grains are not high-yield crops, because all potatoes are high-yield crops, and all fine grains are not potatoes

a
Regarding the passing of Level 6 in a class, Which of the following statements are made: (1) the class leader passed; (2) everyone in the class passed; (3) some people passed: (4) some people did not pass.
After a detailed investigation, it was found that only two of the above conclusions were correct.
A.Someone in this class passed, but others didn't.
B.The monitor passed
C.Everyone passed
D.No one passed

b
Which of the following are the opinions of A.B, and C interview teachers on admission to graduate students: A: If Xiaofang is not admitted, then Xiaowang is not admitted.B: If Xiaofang is not admitted, then Xiaofang is admitted.C: If Xiaofang is admitted , Then do not enroll Xiao Wang.
Which admission scheme should be selected so that the requirements of the three interviewing teachers of A.B, and C can be met at the same time.
A.Only admitted Xiao Wang
B.Admit only small parties
C.Xiao Wang, Xiao Fang both accepted
D.Xiao Wang, Xiao Fang is not admitted

c
Through actual investigation, it was found that some defendants were innocent or even framed; not all suspects were criminals.
If the above investigation is true, which of the following must be true?
A.Many suspects are framed
B.All suspects are not criminals
C.Some suspects are not criminals
D.Most suspects are criminals

c
All scholars have the habit of staying up late, and Zhang Mu often stays up late, so Zhang Mu must be a scholar.
Which of the following fully reveals the errors of the above form of reasoning?
A.All smart people are nearsighted, Jiang Lang is very nearsighted, so Jiang Lang is very smart
B.All pigs have four legs, but this animal has eight legs, so it is not a pig
C.All prime numbers are natural numbers, 91 is a natural number, so 91 is a prime number
D.I'm a fool because all smart people are nearsighted and my vision is quite good

d
Xiao Zhao is taller than Xiao Qian; Xiao Sun is taller than Xiao Li; Xiao Li is not taller than Xiao Zhou; Xiao Qian is just as tall as Xiao Zhou.
From this, we can judge
A.Xiao Sun is taller than Xiao Zhou
B.Little money is shorter than the younger grandson
C.Little Sun is taller than Xiao Zhao
D.Xiao Zhao is taller than Xiao Li

b
There are 30 undergraduates in the Department of Logic in a university's philosophy department, half male and 50 female, of which 20 like axiomatic set theory and 25 like model theory.
So which of the following is not possible, except:
A.10 boys like an axiomatic set theory but not model theory
B.10 boys who like model theory dislike axiomatic set theory
C.15 girls who like model theory do not like axiom set theory
D.Only 5 boys who like axiomatic set theory like model theory.

b
There are 3 people in an office, including 1 director, 1 deputy director, and 1 clerk.(1) The director understands Japanese; (2) Some do not understand Japanese; (3) Some understand Japanese.
Only one of the above three judgments is true.
A.Deputy Director understands Japanese
B.Deputy director does not understand Japanese
C.Director understands Japanese
D.The director does not understand Japanese but the clerk understands Japanese

b
Only one of the following statements about A's computer failure is true.
This true judgment is:
A.Graphics card is broken
B.The motherboard is broken, then the memory module must also be faulty
C.The motherboard or graphics card is broken
D.The motherboard is broken

d
At present, college students generally lack the literacy of Chinese classical literature.According to the survey, only about 5% of the surveyed students like Yuan Qu.
Which of the following statements weakens this view most?
A.The investigation may be inaccurate
B.The scope of the investigation may be too small
C.The study of Chinese classical literature is a long process
D.The lack of Chinese classical literature literacy cannot be judged solely by whether they like Yuanqu

d
The pass rate of a company's products is 92%, and 50 of them are spot-checked, and only 2 are found to be unqualified.
therefore
A.The company's product qualification rate is greater than 92%
B.If 200 products are spot-checked, there must be 16 failures
C.The pass rate of the company's products is 96%
D.Do another experiment, there may be no substandard products

c
If we accept "don't taste bitterness and bitterness, how sweet is sweet."
Well, "Taste the bitterness" is available
A.We must get sweet and sweet
B.Must not get sweet to sweet
C.May get sweet to sweet
D.It's impossible to get sweet to sweet

d
In the men ’s 1000-meter race of the National Urban Games, three athletes from Dalian, Beijing, and Nanjing each participated.The four sports enthusiasts before the game predicted the outcome of the game together.They are the top three in the game."B said:" The rising star Beijing or Nanjing can enter the top three."C prediction:" If the first place is not Dalian, it is Beijing." : "This year is very different from last year.The top three Dalian teams can occupy at most one seat." After the game, it was found that the prediction of only one of the four was correct.
Which of the following is most likely the result of the competition?
A.First place Dalian team, second place Dalian team, third place Dalian team
B.First place Dalian team, second place Nanjing team, third place Beijing team
C.First place Beijing team, second place Dalian team, third place Nanjing team
D.First place Nanjing team, second place Dalian team, third place Dalian team

b
Not all errors can be avoided.
Which of the following assertions has the closest meaning to the above assertions?
A.Possible errors cannot be avoided
B.Some mistakes cannot be avoided
C.Possible mistakes can be avoided
D.All mistakes cannot be avoided

c
Only cadres learn legal knowledge: I am not a cadre, so I do not need to learn legal knowledge.
Which of the following inferences is most similar to the above inference structure?
A.As long as the exam passes, you can enter Nanjing University to study; Zhang Jing fails the exam, so Zhang Jing cannot enter Nanjing University to study
B.If you fail the exam, you cannot enter Nanjing University to study; Zhang Jing entered Nanjing University to study, so Zhang Jing passed the exam
C.Only after passing the exam can he enter Nanjing University; Zhang Jing fails the exam, so Zhang Jing cannot enter Nanjing University to study
D.Only after passing the exam can he enter Nanjing University; Zhang Jing passes the exam, so Zhang Jing can enter Nanjing University to study

c
It is not middle school students who must learn epistemology, all philosophy students must learn epistemology.
From this
A.Middle school students do not study epistemology
B.Middle school students learning epistemology
C.Middle school students are not philosophy students
D.Some middle school students will become philosophy students

a
There are three families of only children, their children are: Xiao Jun (male), Xiao Yong (male), Xiao Lan (female), the child's father is Pharaoh, Lao Zhang and Lao Chen; the mother is A Rong, A Ling For these three families, it is known that (1) the children of the Lao Wang family and the A Ling family have participated in the juvenile men's martial arts class; (2) the son of the old Zhang family is not Xiao Yong; Not a family.
Based on the above conditions, it can be determined
A.Pharaoh, Afang and Xiaoyong are a family
B.Lao Zhang, A Ling and Xiao Yong are a family
C.Pharaoh, A Rong and Xiao Jun are a family
D.Lao Chen, A Ling and Xiao Lan are a family

c
None of the Wei-Chu victors were subjects of the Western Zhou Dynasty, and some of the subjects of the Western Zhou Dynasty were not lone bamboo survivors.
visible
A.Some of the pickers are solitary bamboo survivors
B.Some pickers are not solitary bamboo survivors
C.None of the subjects of the Western Zhou Dynasty
D.Some lone bamboo survivors are not subjects of the Western Zhou Dynasty

d
If the reed flowers flutter, Linxi will go to watch the reeds; if the temperature is very low, Linxi will not go to watch the reeds; only when the sky is clear, Linxi will go to watch the reeds.
Now Linxi went to watch the reeds, we can see
A.Reed flowers flutter
B.High temperature
C.Windy
D.The sky is clear

d
Eight scholars, Professor Zhao, Professor Qian, Professor Sun, Professor Li, Director Wang, Dr.Chen, Dr.Zhou, and Director Shen are fighting for a scientific research fund.According to regulations, only one person can get the fund.The school judges voted.Know: If Professor Qian gets more votes than Dr.Zhou, then Professor Li will get this fund; if Director Shen gets more votes than Professor Sun, or Professor Li gets more votes than Director Wang, then Dr.Chen will get The fund; if Professor Sun gets more votes than Director Shen and Dr.Zhou gets more votes than Professor Qian, then Professor Zhao will get the fund.
If Dr.Chen received the fund, which of the following conclusions must be correct?
A.Professor Sun gets more votes than Director Shen
B.Director Shen gets more votes than Professor Sun
C.Professor Li gets more votes than Director Wang
D.Professor Qian gets no more votes than Dr.Zhou

c
If the company receives project A.product B can be put on the market on schedule; only when product B is put on the market on time, the company's funds can be normally turned over; if the company's funds cannot be turned over normally, the development of product C cannot be carried out as scheduled.The fact is that Product development is progressing as planned.
This shows:
A.The company got project A and product B was put on the market on schedule
B.The company did not get project A.and B product was not put on the market on schedule.
C.B products are put on the market on schedule and the company's capital turnover is normal
The D.B product was not put on the market on schedule, and the company's capital turnover was extremely abnormal.

d
Some Nanjing people don't like chili.Some sweet people don't like chili.
Which of the following can guarantee the above reasoning?
A.All Nanjingers don't like chili
B.Some Nanjingers like sweets
C.Everyone who loves sweets loves peppers
D.All Nanjingers love sweets

d
If Li Jia passed the exam, then Li Hua, Sun Tao and Zhao Lin must have passed.
From this
A.If Li Jia fails the exam, then at least one of Li Hua, Sun Tao and Zhao Lin failed.
B.If Li Hua, Sun Tao and Zhao Lin all pass, then Li Jia's results will definitely pass.
C.If Zhao Lin's results fail, Li Hua and Sun Tao will not pass both.
D.If Sun Tao's results fail, Li Jia and Zhao Lin will not pass the test.

d
If absolute fairness is implemented, it will inevitably lead to distribution according to work; if it is distributed according to work, there will be inequality between the rich and the poor; only equality between the rich and the poor can implement absolute fairness.
and so,
A.Distribution according to work must be implemented
B.Distribution on demand must be implemented
C.Must be absolutely fair
D.Failure to implement absolute fairness

b
Class A.Class B, Class C, and Class D together discuss the participation of class A in activity A.Class A said: All students in my class participated; Class B said: If Zhang Fan did not participate, then Li Hang did not participate; Class C: Li Hang participated; Ding said: None of my classmates participated.
It is known that only one of the four people is incorrect, which shows that:
A.A is incorrect, Zhang Fan did not participate
B.B is not correct, Zhang Fan participated
C.C is incorrect, Zhang Fan did not participate
D.Ding was incorrect, Zhang Fan participated

d
The recent instability in Southeast Asia is due to the effects of bird flu.However, if there is no turbulence in the economic situation, the impact of bird flu on the situation will not be obvious.Therefore, to prevent the situation from being unstable, the economic situation must be stabilized.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.Turmoil in the economic situation has nothing to do with bird flu
B.Prior to bird flu, the situation in Southeast Asia was already unstable
C.Southeast Asia has not tried to prevent bird flu
D.Before the economic turmoil, outbreaks like bird flu have caused instability in Southeast Asia many times

b
Obedience refers to behaviors that you did not want to do under the order or request of others, that is, to act on the will of others.
Which of the following are subject to obedience:
A.Xiao Yang really wanted to go to Beijing, but he never had a chance.One day the company president said to Xiao Yang, "Tomorrow you will go to Beijing on a business trip." Beijing.
B.Xiaohou was playing basketball, and suddenly heard the leader of the team, Xiao Wang, said to him loudly, "Xiaohou, your homework has not been done yet! You have to do it now." After listening, Xiaohou reluctantly left Ball to the classroom
C.Xiaoding accompany his classmate Xiao Li to Sugu Supermarket for nearly two hours after school on Friday afternoon
D.Xiao's wife, Xiao Chen, was pregnant, and Xiao Chen said to "Less than today, you are not allowed to smoke at home." Xiao agreed happily, but he smoked at home after a while.

d
Converting clear information into secret information is called encryption, and converting secret information into clear information is called decryption.
Which of the following are encrypted:
A.At the faculty meeting, the person in charge of the Science and Technology Department said to everyone, "Your e-mail password is 2004."
B.Xiao Li agreed with her lover that whoever goes out must close the doors and windows, especially the security door.
C Xiaozhu said to Xiao Li, "After I climbed to the top of the mountain, if I waved a magazine in my left hand, it means that the wind is very strong, so you should not go up."
D.Xiao Zhang's computer is often opened randomly by people.Recently, a large number of viruses were found.To prevent the loss of files, Xiao Zhang re-set up his computer and locked it with Chinese and English letters and numbers.

c
Heredity refers to a process of self-reproduction in which organisms ingest the material in the environment in accordance with the same development pathways and methods experienced by their parents, and produce replicas similar to their parents.
Which of the following are genetic:
A.Lao Zhang is a veteran in the business, and his son Xiao Zhang is also very good at business
B.Wang has a red bean-shaped mole on his brows, and his son also grew a mole on the same part when he was three years old
C.Zhao had a mental illness, and his father also had this mental illness
D.Liu is very good at playing table tennis, and his daughter also likes playing table tennis.

a
Mindset refers to the tendency and automatic inertia to analyze and solve new problems under the influence of past experience.
What belongs to this mindset is
A.Once bitten by a snake, ten years afraid of good ropes
B.Xiao Wang's preference for snacks
C.Your child hurts himself
D.People and clouds, follow the flow

d
Property ownership refers to the right of property owners to possess, use, gain and dispose of their property according to law.
Which of the following persons should not have property ownership
A.Private bank savings
B.Private investment and gains from investment
c.Real or movable property of a private enterprise
D.Lost or drifting objects picked up by individuals

d
Article decoration refers to the phenomenon that people come up with various reasons to forgive themselves or justify their failure after frustration.
Which of the following fall into this category
A.Xiao Zhang and Xiao Li played table tennis together.Xiao Zhang was embarrassed to play again after losing three consecutive games.Xiao Li said, "It must be that there is something wrong with your racket.Otherwise, I can't beat you."
B.The school convened at 4 pm.Xiao Cheng was nearly one hour late due to the opening of the parent meeting.As soon as Xiao Cheng entered the meeting room, he explained to the relevant leaders, "I have received a few parents.
C.Xiao Wang quarreled with his wife and was scratched by his wife.The next day someone asked Xiao Wang with concern: "What's the corner of your eye?" Xiao Wang flushed and didn't speak.
D.Xiaodu's composition was downloaded from the Internet, so he didn't win the prize in this composition competition.

c
Accident refers to a situation that violates legal obligations or causes damage to a person not caused by the fault of the party.
Which of the following are not accidents
A.A driver was driving a Santana sedan normally.Suddenly a pedestrian crossed the road, the driver could not avoid it, and the pedestrian was injured.
B.A migrant worker at a construction site descended from the fifteenth floor and accidentally slipped, resulting in a femoral fracture
C.The waitress in a supermarket who is responsible for the storage of the customer's goods, accidentally lost the handbags she gave to her
D.A parrot breeder at a zoo, one day found a parrot sick, and she diagnosed it in time.At that time, the condition was mild, but the next morning she found that only the parrot died.

b
Worship is the thought and behavior that worships money.
Which of the following are acts of worship:
A.One-handed payment and one-handed delivery in business
B.The CEO of a company said at the conference that I only recognize money and not people, and whoever can make money for me will reuse it.
C.A penny error is not allowed on the account book of the cashier
D.The court ordered the defendant Wang to pay back the plaintiff's 50,000 yuan owed to the plaintiff by February 16.

c
Only by returning the forest to the mountains and letting the water in the lake can Nanjing be bluer, the water greener, and the people more beautiful.
This shows:
A.Only when the sky is bluer and the water is greener can Nanjing be more beautiful
B.As long as the forest is returned to the mountains and the water is in the lake, Nanjing will be bluer, the water greener, and the people more beautiful
C.If you don't return the forest to the mountains and let the water in the lake, Nanjing will not be bluer, the water greener, and the people more beautiful
D.Only returning the forest to the mountain can make the water in the lake

b
-After the task decomposition of a large job, if 3 people are evenly distributed, there is 1 remaining task; if 4 people are evenly distributed, there are 2 remaining tasks: if 5 people are evenly distributed, 3 tasks remaining.Known this The number of tasks after work breakdown does not exceed 60 items,
So, how many tasks will be left evenly distributed among 7 people?
A.1 item remaining
B.2 remaining items
C.3 remaining items
D.5 items remaining

c
Only when the European Union stops importing agricultural products from third countries and the security of Africa is guaranteed can the number of volunteers of international green organizations increase significantly.Africa's security guarantees come from the joint efforts of the entire international community, but conflicts of interest between some major international countries have led to This effort is impossible to achieve,
This shows:
A.EU has stopped importing agricultural products from third countries
B.EU does not stop importing agricultural products from the third
C.No significant increase in volunteers from international green organizations
D.Significant increase in volunteers from international green organizations

b
The survey results show that a considerable number of ethnic minority cadres have senior technical titles, and some young people have a tendency to chase stars.Among those who have senior technical titles, there are star-studded families, and women account for a considerable proportion.
This shows:
A.There are women in minority cadres
B.Someone in the Star Chaser has a senior technical title
C.A considerable number of people with senior technical titles are women
D.There are ethnic minority cadres in the Star Chaser

d
The survey on Internet chaters showed that 51% of the respondents had bad attempts.At the same time, it was found that more than half of the Internet chatters were mentally vacant at the same time.Most of the mentally vacant people had bad behaviors such as smoking and drinking.
This shows:
A.There may be no mental emptiness among Internet chatters
B.There must be smokers among those who attempt badly
C.There must be alcoholics among the bad chat attempts
D.There must be a mentally empty person among those who attempt badly.

d
If Brazil or Japan become permanent members, then both India and Germany will become permanent members.
This shows:
A.If India becomes a permanent member, then Germany will also become a permanent member
B.If India becomes a permanent member, then Japan will also become a permanent member
C.If India has not become a permanent member, then Germany has not become a permanent member.
D.Japan has not become a permanent member if India has not become a permanent member

c
With the rapid development of the information age, the demand for high-knowledge classes is increasing.Therefore, in the future society, it will be difficult for people who do not master information technology to gain a foothold in society.
Which of the following questions the above statement?
A.It is difficult to operate high-tech tools without professional skills
B.The development of high technology has caused more and more people to lose their jobs
C.The development of computer technology makes fewer and fewer requirements for tool operation skills
D.The mentally retarded can only live in social welfare homes

b
From January to June this year, Zhujiang Road is expected to sell 200,000 computers.This is only 45% of sales in the same period last year.It can be seen that this year's Zhujiang Road computer sales will definitely be less than last year.
Which of the following is true and will most weaken the conclusion?
A.The price of computers in the first half of this year is generally higher than in the same period last year.
B.Computer prices are expected to fall sharply in the second half of this year
C.80% of computer sales are completed in the second half of the year
D.Computer sales are related to the intensity of publicity

d
Blog: Blogger from English.Refers to people who use specific software to publish, post and post personal articles on the Internet.
"Blog" is:
A.People of Broadcom Network
B.Internet guest
C.Online Diary
D.Network Writer

a
Law enforcement economy: It means that the government department has huge discretion when enforcing the law, and its jurisdiction has considerable economic benefits.
Which of the following disputes are caused by "law enforcement economy":
A.Eight law enforcement officers of a city's industrial and commercial bureau and several law enforcement officers of the city's health and epidemic prevention station scuffled in front of a grocery store for a case of milk powder.
B.Xiao Li is unwilling to stop at the free parking lot designated by the traffic police and has a dispute with the traffic police
C.In a farmer's market, hawkers arbitrarily set up stalls and refused to accept the management to quarrel with the administrator
D.The doorman of a residential area has strict management of vehicles entering and leaving the area, and often fines.Some owners are very dissatisfied and often quarrel with the doorman.

d
Special family: Refers to a family that has no blood relationship between family members.
Which of the following are not part of a special family:
A.When Xiaojuan was 10 years old, her parents divorced, and she followed her father.Dad died suddenly shortly after remarriage, and her stepmother raised her into an adult
B.A doctor found that many AIDS orphans were not adopted, and resolutely brought these orphans into their own homes to raise them.
C.In a car accident, 12-year-old Zhao Xiao lost his parents, and Zhao Xiao was then adopted by an entrepreneur
D.After Xiao Jiang's father died for work, Xiao Jiang's mother brought Xiao Jiang's concubine and the three lived together.

c
Downturn: refers to economic depression, recession, and depression.
Which of the following are "slumped":
A.A shopping mall has not been open for a long time, and the proportion of employees changing jobs is high
B.A restaurant in Beijing only sells one table of dishes per day.Diners must book in advance—monthly
C.Miaoqiao clothing market was originally crowded, and in the past year, Menkeluoque
D.After adopting the customer membership system, the number of customers in beauty shops has begun to increase.

c
The citizens of an independent rich country are very civilized, while a nation full of violence and hatred cannot be civilized, but some rich Middle Eastern countries are full of violence and hatred.
This shows:
A.Some rich Middle Eastern countries are full of violence and hatred caused by the ethnic policies of some major powers;
B.The war in the Middle East has caused some rich Middle Eastern countries to be filled with violence and hatred;
C.Some Middle Eastern countries have lost their independence;
D.Without democracy, there is no self-confidence.

b
There are more girls than boys in the law school, and more than half of the students who failed the law school in the 2004 final semester math exam.
This shows:
A.Girls fail more than boys fail
B.Girls fail more than boys
C.Girls pass more than boys
D.Girls pass more than boys

d
All Anxi people are vegetarians, and all Zhenyuan people are ascetic, ascetic and vegetarian are incompatible, and Guo Shu is ascetic.
This shows:
A.Guo Shu is from Zhenyuan
B.Guo Shu is not from Zhenyuan
C.Guo Shu is Anxi
D.Guo Shu is not Anxi

d
At the celebration party, men only drank Maotai or Wuliangye, and all the women drank yogurt.
This shows:
A.No men drink yogurt, no women drink Maotai
B.Some men did not drink yogurt or Maotai
C.Some men drank both Maotai and yogurt
D.No man drinks both yogurt and Maotai

c
All poor countries have had plague epidemics, and all democratic countries have never had plague epidemics, so all democratic countries are not poor countries.
Similar to the above inference structure:
A.All animals are creatures, all creatures are selective, so all animals are selective
B.All corruption is a crime, all Changji people are not criminals, so all corruption criminals are not Changji people
C.All lies are not true, and the truth is true, so all truth is not a lie
D.All vegetables are nutritious and all clover is not nutritious, so those who eat clover are undernourished

c
All Asian and Austrian countries are democratic countries, all Asian and Austrian countries are also religious countries, and some religious countries are polytheistic countries.
From this we can infer:
A.Some Asian Olympic countries are polytheistic
B.Some democracies are polytheistic
C.Some democracies are religious
D.Some democracies are not polytheistic

c
Those who do not have integrity do not know how to respect themselves, and those who do not know how to respect themselves cannot win respect from others.
This shows:
A.People who do not understand self-respect have no integrity;
B.People who cannot earn the respect of others do not know how to respect themselves;
C.People who can win the respect of others have integrity
D.which of the following cannot be respected is someone who does not have integrity.

c
With peace in Asia and Africa, peace in the world can be guaranteed; and peace can only be guaranteed if terrorism is completely eradicated, but in fact, terrorism is constantly causing trouble in the Middle East.
This shows:
A.If peace in Asia is guaranteed, peace in Africa will also be guaranteed;
B.Peace in Africa is not yet guaranteed;
C.Peace in Asia is not yet guaranteed;
D.If peace in Asia is guaranteed, then peace in Africa is not yet guaranteed.

c
During the National Games, there were 8 athletes in Building F.One of them was Heilongjiang, two were northerners, one was Cantonese, two were track and field athletes, and three were main athletes.The above situation statistics involved All 8 athletes in the F building.
Which of the following contradicts the information stated in the question?
A.Heilongjiang athletes are not main players;
B.Track and field athletes are not main players;
C.Cantonese are main players;
D.The main players are all Southerners.

b
Corruptors are wealth-loving, everyone is wealth-loving, and all corruption criminals are short-sighted.
This shows:
A.Everyone is a corruption criminal;
B.Some people who love money are short-sighted;
C.Short-sighted is all corruption offenders;
D.Those who love money are all corrupt criminals.

c
As long as an individual is honest, he must be a law-abiding citizen.
Which of the following would constitute the most disprove of this?
A.Most honest people comply with the law
B.Some offenders are dishonest
C.Mu Lao, who never lied, was arrested for illegal logging
D.Dishonesty is an illegal act in itself

d
Predatory transaction: refers to the use of coercive measures to force one party to transfer the interests of the other (including the transfer of its carrier).
Which of the following are not predatory transactions:
A.A has a very precious ancient famous painting.After B knows that he will do everything possible to get it, he will ask A's leader to come forward and use a modern famous painting to change B's painting
B.Zhang set up a grocery stall.One day, someone came to buy a plastic basin.She took out a dollar and stuffed it into Zhang."I know you sell one for three yuan.We are neighbors.Just sell me one yuan." "Take away the basin after talking
C.Xiao Li's family is decorating.Who knows what the budget is wrong and I bought a few square meters of a famous brand wooden floor and needed it urgently.floor
D.Xiao Wang and Xiao Zhang are two philatelic enthusiasts.They often exchange philatelic products.Although the prices of philatelic products are sometimes very different, both parties are very happy and have no complaints.

c
Mortgage: An installment payment method that uses banks as the medium for sellers and buyers.
Which of the following are "mortgages":
A.Xiaoli loan to open a store
B.School loans cover school buildings
C.Xiao Li loan to buy a villa
D.Xiao Zhang loan to pay tuition

c
Xinfu: A young upstart based on the prosperity of the high-tech industry and a huge wealth with homeopathy.
Which of the following belong to Xinfu:
A.Yuan Longping's research on hybrid rice, not only won the 5 million prize, but also won the honorary title of moving Chinese news figures in 2004
B.Zhang Qiang is only in his early 30s this year, but he has become a rich man with millions of dollars in a few years by relying on foreign exchange, futures and bonds.
After graduation, Dr.Wang Yong first went to a computer company to engage in software design, with an annual salary of 180,000.Later, he founded the New Century Software Development Company with an annual income of more than 7 million.He is 40 years old and has nearly 100 million yuan in assets
D.Ding Jie is 46 years old and has an annual salary of 120,000 yuan as a professional manager

c
Enjoyment materials: means of living materials that are above the level of survival materials and meet people's enjoyment needs.
Which of the following are not included in the enjoyment information:
A.Somewhere in Gansu is a well-known poverty-stricken area and the economy is very backward, but some officials in this area prefer to take luxury cars, but the platoon of travel is not "lagging behind".
B.There is a clerk in a government department who likes to wear designer clothes and often goes to the dance hall and bath center.He also particularly likes the collection of famous paintings
C.In order to ensure an invincible position in the competition with peers, Boss Sun recently spent a lot of money to renovate his hotel, and bought 5 LCD TVs
D.Mr.Zang ’s economic income is considerable.Recently, he spent nearly 6 million to buy an “Emperor” villa in Nanjing Zhongshan Scenic Area, and the environment is very beautiful.

d
As long as the country is governed by law and truly people-oriented, the problem of wage arrears for migrant workers can be completely solved.According to a survey during the Spring Festival in 2004, wage arrears in some places are still serious.
This shows:
A.Some places are not people-oriented
B.People-oriented in some places
C.Some places are neither governed by law nor people-oriented
D.In some places, the country is not governed by law or people-oriented

c
Only by adhering to the scientific concept of development can sustainable development be achieved.For future generations, we must achieve sustainable development.
This shows:
A.We must increase publicity
B.Achieving sustainable development must be combined with scientific management
C.For future generations, we must adhere to the scientific concept of development
D.As long as we adhere to the scientific concept of development, we can certainly achieve sustainable development

b
Chief Zhao and Chief Qian are more capable than Chief Sun, Chief Li is not as capable as Chief Sun, and Chief Sun is capable
Not as good as Chief Zhou, who is the worst?
A.Chief Zhao
B.Chief Li
C.Chief Zhou
D.Director Sun

c
It is impossible for everyone to become a civil servant.
This shows:
A.Some people must become civil servants
B.Only a few people will become civil servants
C.There must be some people who cannot become civil servants
D.No one can be a civil servant

c
At a seminar, 12 people participated in the meeting after statistics, 1 person knew all people, 1 person knew 6 people, 3 persons knew 5 people, and 5 persons knew 3 people.
This shows:
A.Everyone at the meeting knew each other
B.The chairman knows everyone
C.Some people know each other but they don't know him
D.Some people are introduced by others

d
If Japan becomes a permanent member, then Germany, India and Brazil will also become permanent members.
This shows:
A.If Japan has not become a permanent member, then at least one of Germany, India and Brazil has not become a permanent member.
B.If Japan has not become a permanent member, then Germany, India and Brazil have not become permanent members.
C.If Germany, India, and Brazil all become permanent members, then Japan also becomes a permanent member
D.If Germany does not become a permanent member, then India and Japan will not be permanent members.

d
According to statistics, some cadres have acted with due diligence, some are honest and self-disciplined, and some have a simple life and a passion for work.
This shows:
A.Some cadres have both the righteousness to act and work enthusiastically
B.Some cadres are both honest and self-disciplined
C.Some cadres are both honest and self-disciplined
D.Some cadres have a simple life and some have a passion for work

a
Commercial districts: Commercial geographic areas that can effectively attract customers to the store can be divided into three levels: core commercial districts, secondary commercial districts, and marginal commercial districts.
Which of the following are consistent with this concept:
A.Beijing Wangfujing
B.Shanghai First Department Store
C.KFC
D.Nanjing Suguo Chain Store

d
Background music: Choose soft, elegant light music or lyrical music in harmony with the environment and atmosphere to make people feel warm, harmonious and harmonious.
Which of the following are consistent with the definition:
A.Movie Title
B.TV series theme song
C.Audience on-demand songs
D.Liszt Piano in the Bookstore

c
A network is a system made up of many intertwined branches.
Which of the following are inconsistent with the definition:
A.Road, rail, air transport
B.Internet
C.Gathering talent
D.Jiangnan Water System

a
Non-educational private schools: refers to social organizations and individuals other than state institutions that use non-state financial funds to organize training, further education, and specialized colleges (schools, centers) for the society that do not have the qualifications to issue diplomas.
According to the above definitions, Which of the following is not a non-educational private school:
A.Branch of a four-star ordinary senior middle school
B.College entrance examination review classes run by several retired teachers
C.Enterprise CEO funded computer training center
D.Skill training course organized by a city industrial and commercial association

a
Bad currency: Wealth obtained through bad channels such as speculation or corruption.
Which of the following are consistent with the definition:
A.Get rich by selling fake medicines
B.Winning
C.Stocks income
D.Millionaire's Property

d
Addiction: Being in a bad situation (mostly in terms of living habits) cannot extricate yourself.
Which of the following are inconsistent with the definition:
A.Xiao Jiang goes to the ballroom every day
B.Xiao Li makes a bar every day
C.Lao Zhang plays Mahjong all night
D.Moderator Xiao Wang goes online every day

d
Agricultural resources: A general term for all materials and energy available for agricultural use.
Which of the following are not agricultural resources:
A.There are more than 4,000 types of plant resources in Chongqing.The natural vegetation includes five main types of vegetation: broad-leaved forest, coniferous forest, bamboo forest, thicket, and sparse grass.
B.Tobacco is the second largest cash crop in Henan Province after cotton, and its total output has always ranked first in the country.It is the largest tobacco leaf production base in the country.
C.The famous specialty products of Hangzhou West Lake District are West Lake Longjing Tea, Jiuqu Red Plum, and West Lake Amaranth
D.Liuzhou, Guangxi uses local resource advantages to develop daily chemical, paper, sugar, cigarette, textile, pharmaceutical and other industries

a
If Unit A has not violated the rules, then Unit B cannot be praised.Unit B has been praised, or Unit B's grandson has not been praised.If there is no problem with the audit, then Unit A has not violated the rules.
If the above conditions are true, which of the following is true, can we conclude that there is a problem with the audit? ?
A.The grandson of Unit B is praised
B.Unit A did not violate the regulations
C.Unit B violates regulations
D.The grandson of Unit B was not praised

a
A.B, C, and D teachers of a middle school speculated about the prospects of the graduating class of the middle school before the college entrance examination.A said: "If Li Ning can be admitted to Peking University, then Wang Lu can be admitted to Peking University." B said, "I don't think anyone in this class can be admitted to Peking University." C said, "No matter whether Wang Lu can be admitted to Peking University, Li Ning cannot be admitted to Peking University." Admitted to Peking University."The results of the college entrance examination showed that only one of the four teachers was right.
From this, we can think?
A.Li Ning was admitted to Peking University
B.Li Ning was not admitted to Peking University
C.Wang Lu was admitted to Peking University
D.Wang Lu was not admitted to Peking University

a
Suzaku, Wuyi, and Changgan went to taste the Qinhuai snacks, and each of them would eat duck blood fans or osmanthus wine brewing.[1] If Suzaku wants duck blood fans, then Wuyi drinks osmanthus brew.] Suzaku or Changgan want duck blood fans, but not two people will have duck blood fans.[3] Wuyi and Changgan don't both need osmanthus wine brewing.
From this?
A.Suzaku wants osmanthus wine, Changgan wants duck blood fans
B.Suzaku wants duck blood fans, Wu Yi wants duck blood fans
C.Suzaku wants duck blood fans, Wuyi wants osmanthus wine
D.Suzaku wants duck blood fans, Changgan wants osmanthus wine

c
Xiao Ding handed the 2005 annual statistical report to Director Fan.Director Fan saw a problem with one of the statistics at a glance.He said to Xiao Ding: "This statistics is wrong.Please check if the original data is wrong, or Wrong calculation? "Xiaoding calculated again carefully, and the result showed that the calculation was wrong.
Based on this, can we think?
A.There is a problem with the original data
B.There is nothing wrong with the original data
C.Not sure if the original data is wrong
D.Be sure if the original data is wrong

b
There are three boxes of gold, silver, and copper, and one coin is hidden in one of them.A note is attached to each of the three boxes.The tips above are: (1) the coin is in a gold box; (2) The coin is not in the silver box; (3) The coin is not in the gold box.Only one of these three sentences is true.
According to the above conditions, in which box is the coin hidden?
A.Coins are in a gold box
B.Coins in a silver box
C.Coins in a copper box
D.No exact answer

b
In the face of the general trend of the development of science and technology in the world and the increasingly fierce international competition, we can only seize the opportunities and win the initiative in development only by putting science and technology into a strategic position of priority development, working hard and catching up.
From this?
A.The key to the modernization of a country is the modernization of science and technology
B.If we want to win the initiative of development, we must make the promotion of scientific and technological progress a national development strategy.
C.Fight for the initiative in international economic and technological competition
D.We urgently need a solid scientific foundation and strong technical support

c
Everything that is beautiful is true, everything that is true is unquestionable, and beautiful things exist.
and so?
A.Everything is really beautiful
B.Some beauty is doubtful
C.Some are really beautiful
D.Everything that is not beautiful must be suspected

c
Building a harmonious socialist society faces many contradictions and problems, and the key is to rely on development.Only by achieving rapid and good development can we better promote coordinated economic and social development and form a more complete distribution relationship and social security system.Only by creating more employment opportunities can we continuously meet the diverse needs of the people.
From this?
A.As long as fast and good development is achieved, we can better promote coordinated economic and social development
B.If rapid and good development is achieved, we can form a more complete distribution relationship and social security system
C.As long as the various needs of the people are continuously met, rapid and good development can be achieved
D.If fast and good development is achieved, we can create more jobs

a
Xiaoye and Xiaowu are good friends.Today happens to be Saturday.Despite the light rain, Xiaoye still wants to find Xiaowu to play and go boating or swimming in Xuanwu Lake.However, Xiaoye knows that only when it doesn't rain, Xiaowu can swim or row.
From this?
A.The witch doesn't swim or row today
B.The witch doesn't swim today but rowing
C.Witch swims but does not row today
D.Witches swim and row today

b
During the interview, five college students said the following: [1] Xuan: "I haven't had any experience in cheating in exams." [2] Jing: "Xuan lied." [3] Cheng: "I used to pack nights in Internet cafes."[4] Tuk:" Cheng is lying."[5] Hui:" Cheng and Tuk are lying."
So how many of them are lying?
A.4
B.3
C.2
D.1

d
Most of the college students who are willing to go to the grass-roots employment have ideals, ambitions, and want to work at the grass-roots level.University graduate Xiao Wang went to work in a township government and was reused.But some grass-roots units have problems with their concepts.Arrange jobs for college students casually, and even let college graduates "make trouble" for themselves.
Based on this, can we launch?
A.University graduates are not valued at the grassroots level
B.It is impossible for college graduates to start a career at the grassroots level
C.Some college graduates who do not have ideals are not valued at the grassroots level
D.Not all grassroots units value university graduates

b
The villagers Li and Chen are relatives and often exchange experiences in raising livestock and poultry.Li has a hobby, as long as he raises fish, he must raise ducks; Chen also has a hobby.If he does not raise pigs, he definitely does not raise ducks.
Can it be launched accordingly?
A.If the villager Chen raises pigs or fish, then definitely raise ducks or fish
B.If the villager Chen raises both ducks and fish, then he must raise both pigs and fish
C.If the villager Li does not raise fish, he will not raise ducks
D.If the villager Lee raises both fish and ducks, he will raise pigs

c
Professor Wu talked about system theory to students.He said, "Many systems are observable, but the 'black box' is not observable."
Four students made four judgments accordingly, which one is correct? ?
A."Black Box" is not a system
B."Black Box" is the system
C.Some systems are not "black boxes"
D.Some systems are "black boxes"

c
There are four balls: red, yellow, blue, and green, with the same size and different weights.Take a balanced, place the red and yellow balls on one end of the balance, and place the blue and green balls on the other end of the balance.As a result, the balance remains balanced.If you place the red and green balls on the left end of the balance and the yellow and blue balls on the right end of the balance, the left end sinks.If you place the red and blue balls on the left of the balance and the yellow ball on the right, the right sinks .
Based on this, judge the order of the four balls from light to heavy?
A.Blue, red, green, yellow
B.red, blue, green, yellow
C.blue, red, yellow, green
D.yellow, blue, red, green

b
Four members of a company have a dinner.There are two ladies: A Ling and Xie Li; there are two men: Bo Tong and Li Tang.They are all company employees: sales, accounting, supervisor, liaison.And the supervisor and liaison are husband and wife.They are sitting around a square table: [1] Sitting opposite Po Tong is sales.[2] Sitting opposite Li Tang is not a supervisor.[3] Sitting on the left of A Ling is an accountant.[4] sitting The left of Thanks is not a contact.
So, which of the following is the contact?
A.Alling
B.Thanks
C.Potong
D.Litang

c
Based on the work performance of employees Zhang, Xiaoli and Xiaowang, a company leader proposed two compatible options for sending them abroad for training: [1] Both Xiao Zhang and Xiao Li were not sent; [2] Xiao Wang was sent.
Considering these two options, the meaning can be expressed as:
A.If Xiao Wang is dispatched, both Zhang and Li will be dispatched
B.If neither Zhang nor Li are dispatched, send Wang
CAs long as Xiao Zhang and Xiao Li are sent out, they will send Xiao Wang
D.If Xiao Wang is not dispatched, both Zhang and Li will be dispatched

c
In February 006, two sections X and Y of a certain highway entered the bidding stage, and there were four units of A.B, C, and the factory.Xiao Wang believed that: "Either Jia won the bid or B won the bid." Xiao Li believed : "Both A and C can win the bid." Xiao Zhou said: "Can't say if Ding wins the bid, then C wins." Xiaoma believes: "Ding cannot win the bid."
If only one of the four people is wrong, which two units cannot win the bid?
A.Ding, C
B.A.B
C.B, D
D.A.C

b
In a "Family Intelligence Show" show, a couple participated in a quiz with their son and daughter.The results showed that [1] the first and third genders were different.[2] the oldest members and The third gender is different.[3] The youngest member is different from the fourth.[4] The first is older than the fourth.[5] The father is the oldest member.[6] Second First name is not the youngest member.
It can be seen that the second place is:
A.Father
B.Mother
C.Daughter
D.Son

a
There are some trainees in the supermarket.According to the regulations of the supermarket, trainees can only get 800 yuan per month for the first three months.Xiao Li is a supermarket employee and she gets 800 yuan per month.
Based on this, we can launch:
A.Some trainees receive a monthly salary of 800 yuan
B.Xiao Li is a trainee
C.As long as it is not a trainee, the salary will exceed 800 yuan
D.Xiao Li complies with supermarket regulations

c
The four interviewees in the incident were victims, witnesses, rescuers and bystanders.They made the following statements during the investigation: [1] Filial Piety: "Sincerity is not a bystander." [2] Cheng: "Yi is not a witness." [3] Dare: "Filial piety is not a rescuer." [4] Yi: "Cheng is not a witness." Further investigation revealed that if the statements of the four of them were about the victim False, if true for others.
It can be seen that the victims are:
A.Filial Piety
B.Sincerity
C.Dare
D.Righteousness

d
In one experiment, the first group of subjects ingested a large amount of artificial sugar, while the second group did not consume sugar.It was found that people who ate sugar had lower cognitive ability than those who did not.The person's cognitive ability was comparable before the trial.
This experiment illustrates:
A.Artificial sugar definitely hurts people's cognitive ability
B.This ingredient contained in artificial sugar is also found in most daily foods
C.The amount of sugar ingested by the first group of subjects did not exceed the safe range prescribed by the health department
D.Some ingredients in artificial sugar may affect people's cognitive ability

b
A reporter saw a financial management team in a village committee.The village secretary told reporters: "In our village, any bill without the" three paragraphs "cannot be regarded as reasonable, and any reasonable bill can no longer be questioned..People have already questioned some of the bills.All the bills that are questioned must be reviewed.Some reasonable bills have been archived."
From the words of the village party secretary, we can introduce:
A.All notes stamped with "three paragraphs" must be archived
B.Some bills that need to be reviewed are unreasonable
C.The "three paragraphs" democratic financial management system has strengthened party-mass relations
D.Some bills that need to be reviewed are reasonable

d
Xiang Jun, Guo Feng and Jian Jian are three members of a harmonious family that conforms to ethical norms.Among them, Xiang Jun's father, Guo Feng's only daughter, and your compatriots are brothers and sisters.Brothers and sisters are not Hunan Jun's father is not the daughter of Guofeng.
This shows:
A.Xiangjun is male, Guofeng is female, and 蒹 葭 is female
B.Xiang Jun is a female, Guo Feng is a male, and Xi is a male
C.Xiang Jun is a female, Guofeng is a female, and aunt is a male
D.Xiangjun is male, Guofeng is male, 蒹 葭 is female

d
There is a dialogue.A: "Some places where fish resources are depleted are where the environment is destroyed." B: "If the leader of a certain place does not attach importance to environmental protection, the environment in that place will be destroyed." C: " There are no places where fish resources are depleted, and there are no places where the environment is damaged."Ding:" A place where fish resources are depleted is not a place where the environment is damaged."
If only A.B, C, and D are among the four--wrong words, which of the following is true?
A.Fish resources are depleted in some places
B.Environmental damage
C.Leaders in some places do not attach importance to environmental protection
D.Leaders attach importance to environmental protection

c
Zhang San went to a store to buy chocolates, and the owner showed him four boxes, and each box wrote a sentence.The first box: "Litchi in all boxes." The second box: "Apples in this box." "The third box:" There is no chocolate in this box."The fourth box:" Some boxes have no litchi."The owner said to Zhang San," There is only one truth in the four sentences, which box do you think the chocolate is in? " in?"
Please choose the correct answer for Zhang San.
A.Chocolate in the first box
B.Chocolates in the second box
C.Chocolate in the third box
D.Chocolate in the fourth box

c
In some places, the relevant provisions of the Villagers' Committee Organic Law have not been truly implemented, especially an important spirit of the Law-the use of supervision and evaluation in the management process to restrict abuse of power by village officials, which is far from being implemented.In one context, some village officials are violently corrupt, and it is difficult for villagers to safeguard their rights.The investigation team of the administrative channel or the "two houses" of the judicial channel may not solve the problem.
Which of the following words can most weaken the above-related content:
A.The relevant provisions of the Organic Law of Village Committees in some places have been truly implemented
B.The "two houses" relying on the investigation team of the administrative channel or the judicial channel must not solve the problem of corruption of village officials
C.The relevant provisions of the Organic Law of the Villagers' Committee in China have been truly implemented
D.Investigation groups relying on administrative channels or "two houses" in judicial channels may solve the problem of corruption of village officials

c
Some theories are abstract, so some abstract theories are difficult to understand.
In order for this reasoning to be correct, which of the following must be added as a premise?
A.Some theories are difficult to understand
B.Everything that is hard to understand is theory
C.All theories are difficult to understand
D.All theories are easy to understand

d
In a commercial company, Xiaohua, Guangzi and Longsheng held the positions of manager, vice chairman and accountant (but not necessarily in the above order); it is known that the vice-chairman is an only child and earns the least money; Longsheng and Photon The elder sister is married and earns more money than the manager.
This shows:
A.Xiaohua is the manager and Photon is the vice-chairman
B.Photon is the manager and Long Sheng is the vice-chairman
C.Longsheng is an accountant and Xiaohua is a manager
D.Xiaohua is the vice-chairman and Long Sheng is the accountant

a
Assistance-type social security system: refers to the state's establishment of sound social security rules and regulations to ensure that each member of society can receive assistance without encountering poverty when encountering various accidents.Social security benefits are paid to support their basic livelihood.
Which of the following are features of such a safeguard system:
A.Nanjing Municipal Government decides to raise minimum living security
B.All school-age children can enjoy nine-year compulsory education
C.Set up a provident fund to provide social security for retirees
D.Establish elderly health centers in various communities so that elderly people can get medical care near their homes

b
Sub-health: refers to a critical state between health and disease, which is a special stage between health and disease.
Which of the following belong to sub-health:
A.Lao Zhang's father suffers from severe Alzheimer's and cannot stay in bed during the illness and cannot walk and talk
B.Reporter Xiao Wang During the "10th National Games", due to the heavy interviewing tasks, the main organs of the body were in an abnormal load state that could not make ends meet, causing excessive fatigue, causing energy and physical exhaustion.
C.When athletes perform anaerobic exercises such as sprinting or football, the blood glucose in the body undergoes anaerobic decomposition to provide energy, and a large amount of lactic acid is accumulated in the muscles after exercise, causing muscle pain.
D.Sang Lan is a gymnast in China.When she participated in the 4th World Friendship Games, she, unfortunately, lost her hand and severely injured her, causing complete paralysis below the chest.

d
Legal aid: refers to a system to protect citizens' legitimate rights and interests from infringement and to provide legal aid or provide legal services to citizens who ca n’t afford lawyers who cannot afford lawsuits, but who need legal help.Lawyers need help in maintenance, work injury, criminal proceedings, requesting state compensation, and requesting a pension in accordance with the law, but those who are unable to pay for lawyers can obtain legal aid in accordance with state regulations.
Which of the following are not included in the scope of legal aid:
A.Lao Fei was injured from a high place when scaffolding was not strong when he brushed the wall.The contractor for medical treatment costs was unsuccessful.The contractor was brought to court, but he could not afford the lawyer's costs.
B.Young Zhang was wrongly sentenced to prison for a homicide case 5 years ago, and now he is acquitted.He was impoverished after he was released from prison and wanted to ask for state compensation.
C.60-year-old Aunt Sun has no income.One child and one child never give her living expenses.She does not have food and clothing.She wants to bring her two children to court.
D.Fatigue driving with a truck, rear-end of a truck, brain injury, all the money was used for treatment and lost his job.He considered it the responsibility of the truck and wanted to resort to law

b
Pledge of rights: refers to the debtor or a third party as a guarantee of creditor's rights such as creditor's rights, equity, and copyright.
Which of the following is a pledge of rights:
A.Wang owes Zhang 100,000 yuan to mortgage his car to Zhang
B.Zhang owes his patent right as security for debt settlement due to debt
C.Pharaoh transferred his shares in the company to his son
D.Li owes 20,000 yuan to a creditor as a repayment

c
If we make "three guarantees", that is, to ensure that highly pathogenic bird flu does not spread through vehicles and other means of transportation; to ensure smooth traffic, we must not block traffic on the grounds of prevention and control; to ensure that various medical treatments for bird flu are not prepared Timely and rapid transportation of emergency supplies such as medicines, vaccines, and vaccines, then highly pathogenic bird flu can be prevented.
Based on this, we can launch:
A.If highly pathogenic bird flu cannot be prevented, then emergency supplies for bird flu prevention have not been shipped in a timely and fast manner
B.If highly pathogenic bird flu cannot be controlled, then bird flu has spread through vehicles
C.Either the highly pathogenic bird flu has not spread, or we have not achieved the "three guarantees"
D.If highly pathogenic avian influenza cannot be controlled, then we have not ensured smooth traffic

a
There are 88 large-scale dairy farming demonstration communities and ranch parks in a certain city with large-scale functional facilities.If these breeding demonstration farms use uniform breeding in the ranch park, they will also have unified feed formula, unified silage, and unified epidemic prevention Milking uniformly, and having; professional and technical personnel to perform various technical services.
Based on this, we can launch these breeding demonstration communities and ranch parks
A.Although there is no uniform feed formula, it is possible to implement uniform silage or uniform epidemic prevention
B.If uniform feed formula, uniform breeding will be implemented
C.If there is no professional and technical personnel for various technical services, then there is no uniform-breeding
D.If uniform breeding is not implemented, then there is no uniform feed formula

a
Because the suspect sells counterfeit drug administration shops, it involves a wide range and has great social harm.Especially for emergency medicines like Jiuxin Pill, once the patient makes counterfeit medicine in Sichuan, the consequences are disastrous.A public security bureau found through investigation that those counterfeit medicines are not only the manufacturing process and packaging level are high, and most of them are well-known well-known brands in the current market.The sales volume is close to the production cost.
Based on this, we can launch:
A.There must be a fake drug factory and sales network with huge production capacity
B.Suspect sells fake pills such as Jiuxin Pill
C.Some socially harmful criminal activities include the sale of counterfeit medicines with a high level of craftsmanship
D.The dens selling fake medicines should be destroyed as soon as possible

b
Sustainable development: refers to the coordinated development of nature, economy, and society, which can meet the needs of contemporary people without harming the long-term interests of future generations.
Which of the following are not part of sustainable development:
A.Increase the proportion of clean and renewable energy sources such as wind energy and solar energy in the energy consumption structure
B.Increase the RMB exchange rate and enhance the ability of the Chinese to purchase imported goods
C.Industrialized countries should abide by the "Kyoto Protocol" to limit greenhouse gas emissions and prevent continued global warming
D.Stabilizing low fertility, controlling the total population, increasing investment in education, and improving the quality of the population

a
Business ethics: refers to the ethical principles and ethics that companies should follow in economic activities.
Which of the following are part of corporate ethics:
A.Protecting the environment
B.Occupy the market
C.Innovative technologies
D.Developing products

a
Scale effect: refers to the effect that the average cost of a product decreases continuously with the increase of production.Due to the relative concentration of the region and the technical aspects of each other, the cost-saving methods also spread and promote each other, thereby forming an external economy of scale.Production costs, information costs, and management cost all continue to decrease with increasing output, which enhances the competitiveness of the product.The scale advantage of the enterprise group also constitutes its cost advantage.
Which of the following are scale effects:
A.Due to the increase in the production capacity of the PC industry, the supply of spare parts is sufficient, the demand is growing, and the comprehensive cost continues to decline
Facing the competition of many domestic personal auction websites, Taobao decided to adopt a three-year free user experience, which reduced the cost of customers' auction products.
C.Wal-Mart's direct procurement model eliminates unnecessary intermediate links and greatly reduces product costs
D.Most laptop computers now have integrated cameras, which effectively reduces the cost of consumer purchases

b
Monopoly: On the basis of the highly developed concentration of production and profitable capital, a one-person enterprise or a few large enterprises has the sole, exclusive, or joint control of the production and sales of products in the corresponding sector.
Which of the following is a monopoly:
A.A catering chain company implements unified national pricing in both economically developed and backward areas
B.In order to curb the decline in the price of a certain home appliance, several major manufacturers have agreed to jointly maintain an agreed price.
C A multinational company sells a certain model of products worldwide through its factories in China
D.In order to curb excess industries, the government strictly limits the establishment of new factories in related industries

a
Pygmalion effect: a psychological phenomenon that means that when one person gains the trust and expectation of another person, he feels that he has received support, thus becoming confident and self-esteem, gaining a positive motivation, hoping to reach each other Expectations.
Which of the following are among the Pygmalion effects:
A.Roger Rawls grew from a hippie puck to the first black governor of New York, inspired by the principal "You Will Be the Governor of New York"
B.Professor Wang uses modern teaching methods such as multimedia in the teaching process to improve the efficiency of students' knowledge
C.Mrs.Lang, at the age of 60, ignored the opinions of others, studied law, and successfully passed the judicial examination
D.There is a saying in the West that your future is based on your dreams.People who have a good plan for life and have ambitious ideals are often more motivated in their work, and their lives are colorful.

d
The latest report from the capital transaction department of a bank pointed out that from the needs of domestic macro-control, only the continuous increase of the interest rate of the renminbi can fundamentally control the impulse of economic expansion and avoid the emergence and collapse of asset bubbles.RMB liquidity cannot be cured, low-interest rates cannot be corrected, and asset bubbles are likely to blow.
Based on this, you can launch
A.If the RMB appreciates faster, then RMB liquidity can be cured
B.If RMB liquidity cannot be cured, the low-interest rate situation cannot be corrected
C.If the renminbi continues to raise interest rates, then the impulse to economic expansion can be fundamentally suppressed
D.If the renminbi cannot raise interest rates continuously, it will not be possible to fundamentally curb the impulse for economic expansion

b
Xiao Li is from Sichuan and he likes to eat sour kimchi; Xiao Wang is also from Sichuan and she also likes to eat sour kimchi; Xiao Chen is from Sichuan and she also likes to eat sour kimchi.Sichuanese people I know like to eat sour kimchi.
Therefore, it can be concluded
A.All Sichuanese like to eat sour kimchi
B.Some Sichuanese like to eat sour kimchi
C.Not all Sichuanese like sour kimchi
D.Not some Sichuanese like to eat sour kimchi

a
The global environment is deteriorating and endangering our health.Each of us should raise our awareness of environmental protection and shoulder the obligation to protect the green environment.
Based on this, you can launch
A.Not some people should not be obliged to protect the environment
B.Some people should not have an obligation to protect the environment
C.Some people have no awareness of environmental protection
D.Some people are environmentally conscious

b
Copyright includes the following personal rights and property rights: the right to publish, sign the right, the right to network transmission, and other rights that should be owned by the copyright owner.Once a work is created, it has a copyright.According to the Copyright Law, computer software is also a work, its copyright and other works There is no essential difference in copyright.If you have the consent of the original author, as long as you make four-fifths of the modification of the creation and propose your own algorithm, you will get the copyright of the creation.
Based on this, you can launch
A.If you enjoy the copyright of the software, then you have proposed your own algorithm
B.If you created this software, then you can enjoy its right to spread it online
C.If you have modified more than 80% of the software, then you have the copyright
D.If you have not obtained the copyright of the software, then you must not have the consent of the author

c
If there is a strong electron or a field around the instrument, then the instrument can detect all the fields and will beep.The presence of a strong electron results in the presence of at least one field.When there is only a strong electron around the instrument, the instrument will not beep Naruto.
Now that the instrument is not beeping, it can be launched accordingly
A.The instrument does not detect the presence of all fields
B.Only strong electrons exist around the instrument
C.No strong electrons around the instrument
D.The presence of a strong electron does not necessarily cause a field-effect

c
During a foreign investment promotion activity in a county, investors made it difficult for investors to say: "I have three projects: environmental projects, tourism projects, and chemical projects.If you are right, I will invest one of these projects in your county.But if what you say is wrong, I don't invest in a project."
Of course, the attracting party wants to obtain the environmental project, so what should the attracting party say?
A.You will not invest in environmental projects or tourism projects in our county
B.You will not invest in environmental or chemical projects in our county
C.You will not invest tourism projects or chemical projects in our county
D.You will not invest both tourism projects and chemical projects in our county

b
A team now has six members: Secretary Zhang, Director Wang, Engineer Li, Engineer Yang, Zhao Ke, and Ma Ke.Now, due to working relationships, some members must be adjusted.It is known that: (1) only Wang and Only engineer Li and engineer Yang can keep Secretary Zhang; (2) if engineer Li is not adjusted, Zhao cannot be retained; (3) if Zhao is adjusted, then Ma must be adjusted; (4) Secretary Zhang is The core of the team cannot be adjusted.
Based on this, you can launch
A.Retain Zhao member and adjust engineer Li
B.Retaining Engineer Li and Engineer Yang
C.Keep Zhao Zhao and adjust engineer Yang
D.Retain Zhao and Ma Ke

b
A survey of the leisure life of 13 members of a community found that (1) members who like swimming do not like Tai Chi; (2) members who do not like outing like Tai Chi; (3) members who like outing do not like Mountain climbing.
Based on this, you can launch
A.Members who like climbing do not like swimming
B.Members who like swimming do not like mountain climbing
C.Tai Chi members do not like outings
D.Members who liked Tai Chi do not like mountain climbing

d
Scientists' observations show that: (1) global warming and Antarctic ice blocks are melting; (2) if there is no human destructive speech, then the ozone hole will not expand.According to satellite cloud images and other data, relevant experts analyzed: (1) If both of the scientific observations are accurate, then the Antarctic ice is not melting; (2) If at least one of the scientific observations is inaccurate, then there is no global warming and the ozone hole is expanding; (3) Scientific observations are two At least one of the terms is accurate,
According to the analysis of relevant experts, it can be launched
A.Global warming
B.Antarctic ice cubes are melting
C.The ozone hole will not expand
D.Destructive human activities

b
In a city, a bank was stolen.The police arrested six major suspects No.1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6.After interrogation, Which of the following facts were found: No.1 There were only two of the three, No.5, No.6, and at least one of No.1 and No.2 committed crimes.Both of No.2 and No.3 committed crimes, or none of them.Only one person committed the crime, and only one of the three persons committed the crime.
Based on this, the total number of criminals who can be launched is
A.3
B.4
C.5
D.6

b
Self-media: Refers to information transmission methods that provide individuals with information production, accumulation, sharing, and dissemination of content that is both private and open.
Which of the following are from the media:
A.Private TV
B.Celebrity Blog
C.Intra-cell notification
D.Internal company announcement

d
Two-sided psychology: Refers to the contradictory psychological phenomenon that people show great commitment, on the one hand, work hard, and redouble their efforts, and on the other hand they have aversion to disgust.
Which of the following are not two-sided:
A.Tang, the manager of the financial department of a group company, is usually a regular overtime and busy with work and entertainment.Tang admits that the burden is almost unbearable, and he wants to quit, but he cannot do without it for a moment.
B.Xiao Pan, a bank clerk, said to his friends: "To be honest, I am tired and I want to escape, but in fact, we are a financial unit.We are not slack and must go all out.Once something goes wrong The consequences will be unimaginable."
C.Xiao Rong will participate in the college entrance examination this year.Recently, she has entered the stressful period of review.She can only sleep for 4 hours a day.She does not want to remember the formula and has to memorize.Not seriously
D.As long as the manager asks Xiao Gang to do something, Xiao-Gang accepts the task quickly every time, and some of the effortless things Xiao-Gang does by himself.Those hard work Xiao-Gang usually quietly asks his colleagues to do it for him, some The matter manager stayed aside without urging

b
佝偻 Mood: Refers to a depressed mood or a mood that cannot be fully revealed or fully exerted.
Which of the following are not part of my mood
A.Xiaoxue accidentally lost his ID card when he was crowded at a bus stop, and the more he wanted to get angry when he got home, and he was not good at his family, he had to sit alone and keep silent.
B.Pang Xu sang at the karaoke concert because the pitch was too high, and he couldn't sing when he sang the high notes.
C.Xiaogang often forgets to eat nutrition because of early greed while reviewing exam preparations.Mom is very anxious about this and prepares a milk for the child carefully every day and watches him drink before leaving.
D.Xiao Mao has always been well received in the unit.During the evaluation this year, due to the limited number of places, Xiao Mao couldn't be rated.Xiao Mao was unhappy about this.Only recently has he made a big improvement.

d
Crowding-out effect: In a relatively flat market, due to a new increase in demand due to supply, some funds are squeezed out of the original advances and flowed into new commodities.
Which of the following are squeeze effects
A.Xiao Jiangyuan planned to spend 100,000 yuan to renovate a new house, but the result was an additional 40,000 yuan, mainly due to the addition of some high-end furniture
B.As home prices are expected to rise significantly, many households control other consumption in order to accumulate down payments and pay monthly contributions
C.Xiao Zhou's wedding reception was expected to cost 36,000 yuan, but it actually cost 28,000 yuan, so she bought a laptop computer outside the plan
D.Jiang's son will buy 3 photocopiers.In order to raise funds, Jiang is very frugal, and he would not even spend the early money

c
Genetic discrimination: refers to the prediction of genetic predisposition from the perspective of genes.After revealing and disclosing genetic information, it will adversely affect the social activities of those who carry certain "unfavorable genes" or "defective genes".
Which of the following are not related to genetic discrimination
A.Pharaoh is a severe hypertensive patient.His son Xiao Wang is 24 years old this year.The reason why the application failed many times is that the applicant unit knows his father's medical history.
B.Xiaojiao's mother is a hepatitis B patient.Xiaojiao has reached the age of kindergarten, but no kindergarten dares to accept her and is afraid that she will carry the hepatitis B virus to other children.
C.Xiaoyan works in a large company, has a rich economic income, is 1.78 meters tall, and is a talented person, but because of his illness, he has talked many times with his girlfriend and has failed to find an object.
D.Xiao Xie lost his left foot in an accident.His girlfriend proposed to break up with him, saying that she could not live with a person with impaired limbs for a lifetime.It would be a joke to reproduce a child without feet.Angry and hate, promised to break up

b
The construction of a harmonious community is an important part of the construction of a harmonious society.Only by further improving the community's management system can the community's social responsibilities be clearly defined; if the service level of the community is not improved, it will not be able to meet the various needs of the residents' rapid growth; regulations on community management Construction is an important prerequisite for democratic self-government at the grassroots level in the community, and strengthening democratic self-government at the grassroots level in the community is also conducive to improving the community's management system.
From this
A.If the service level of the community cannot be improved, the service quality of the community cannot be improved
B.Without further improving the management system of the community, the social responsibilities of the community cannot be clarified
C.Only by strengthening the building of laws and regulations on community management can we clarify the social system of the community
D.Only by strengthening democratic self-government at the grassroots level in the community can we meet the various needs of the rapid growth of residents

c
In the process of researching the situation of a township, people obtained the following information: (1) the villagers of the wealthy Zhangcun are very hardworking; (2) the villagers of the relatively poor Licun also have very hardworking.
From this
A.People who are very hardworking but not in Li Village must be villagers in Zhang Village
B.People who are very hardworking but not in Zhangcun must be villagers in Licun
C.Some hardworking people are not villagers in Zhangcun
D.The very hardworking people in this township are either Zhangcun or Licun villagers

a
If the coalition decides to implement 100% inspection of imported products from country W at all ports of entry, the food of country W will often violate regulations; if the food of country W frequently violates regulations, the alliance will remind member states to take corresponding measures If the Union reminds the member states to take corresponding measures, the people of the Union will respond strongly; if the Union people react strongly, the Union will decide to implement 100% inspection of imports from Country W at all ports of entry.All the ports of entry implement 100% inspection of imported products from country W, so the people of the alliance will not respond strongly.
From this
A.The Union will not remind member states to take corresponding measures
B.W food will often violate regulations
C.The people of the Alliance will react strongly
D.The alliance will decide to implement 100% inspection of imports from country W at all ports of entry

b
Zhang, Wang, and Zhao work in a department, one of whom is the director, the other is the secretary, and the other is the engineer.Known: Wang and Zhao are taller than engineers, and the secretary is shorter than Wang.same height.
From this
A.Zhang is the director, Wang is the engineer, and Zhao is the secretary
B.Zhang is an engineer, Wang is the director, and Zhao is the secretary
C.Zhang is the director, Wang is the secretary, and Zhao is the engineer
D.Zhang is the secretary, Wang is the director, and Zhao is an engineer

c
During a certain Olympic Games, people predicted the results of table tennis competitions: (1) champions will not be produced in the four teams A.B, C, D; (2) E, F and G teams will enter the finals (3) Champions will be produced in A.B, D; (4) E, F and G teams will not enter the final.
After the match, it was found that only one prediction was correct.
A.G team
B.F team
C.C team
D.E Team

a
In a section of a highway, five small towns are lined up in a row.It is known that: (1) Luoxia Town should not be adjacent to Gujing Town or Hehua Town; (2) Huanxi Town is neither Adjacent to Ziwei Town, and not to Hehua Town; (3) Ziwei Town should not be near Gujing Town; nor should it be in Hehua Town; (4) There is no wooden tower in Luoxia Town; (5) It is a small town ranked first and fourth.
It can be seen that the second town is
A.Los Angeles
B.Lotus Town
C.Huanxi Town
D.Ziwei Town

a
Building a conservation-oriented society in an all-round way is to promote economic development through the development and ensure development through conservation.If the level of resource conservation technology and management is further improved, and the relevant policies and regulations of the conservation-oriented society are further improved, then environmental protection can be more effectively guaranteed.Only by increasing the awareness of resource conservation in the whole society can the efficiency of resource utilization be fully improved.
From this
A.If the efficiency of resource utilization has been fully improved, then the whole society's awareness of resource conservation has increased.
B.Only with the further improvement of resource conservation technology can the whole society's awareness of resource conservation be further enhanced
C.If the relevant policies and regulations of a conservation-oriented society are further improved, the environment will be more powerfully guaranteed
D.Only by further improving the relevant policies and regulations of a conservation-oriented society can we further improve the management level of resource conservation

b
Five county towns A.B, C, D, and E all carry out skill-based village construction activities.Which of the following arrangements are made within a certain period of time: (1) Only C and D towns and townships carry out this activity, A or B two This activity is only carried out in the township; (2) If the activity is carried out in the township C, then both E and A must carry out the activity; (3) If the activity is carried out in the township E, the activity is not carried out in the township A; (4) E township did not carry out the activity.
From this
A.A.B.Both townships carry out this activity.
Neither B.A.B.
C.A township carried out the activity, B township did not carry out the activity
D.A township did not carry out the activity, B township carried out the activity

d
Intergenerational equity: an important content of the principles of sustainable development, mainly referring to the need for contemporary people to preserve natural resources for the benefit of future generations.
Which of the following are not directly related to "intergenerational equity"
A.The Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau ordered a papermaking company in the city to invest heavily in installing a sewage treatment system, otherwise, production will never be allowed
B.A scenic spot recently decided to demolish a number of hotels in the scenic spot that affect the natural landscape
C.Not long ago an animal protection group rally again to protest against whaling in a country
D.After a thorough investigation, a food company asked experts to research and develop a variety of green foods.

b
Scientism: This refers to the theory that the methods of the natural sciences should be applied to all theoretical fields of study, including philosophy, humanities, and social sciences, and the belief that only such methods can be used effectively to pursue knowledge.
Which of the following are not scientific
A.Natural science methods have become the standard of all knowledge, and natural science is the correct representation of reality
B.Science and technology are the primary productive forces, and the creativity of science and technology is the soul of a nation
C.Put all realities in a natural order, and only scientific methods can understand the biological, social, physical, psychological and other methods of this order
D.Science is the only knowledge, ethical, metaphysical thoughts will be replaced by scientific progress, excluded

a
Origin thinking: It refers to setting an origin for people or things, often returning to the origin to think, make state comparisons, correct deviations, and keep moving towards the goal.
Which of the following belong to the original thinking is
A.Who can unlock the golden bell on the neck of the tiger-the bell person needs to be tied
B.Who is the Sinner in Chinese History——Qin Hui in the Song Dynasty
C.How to see the excellent qualities of people——focus on the performance of childhood
D.How to handle the relationship between people-often communicate

d
Poor second-year students of all majors in public administration at a university have applied for student loans.All students who applied for student loans have paid their tuition.Some second-year students in public management majors use tuition after school to accumulate tuition.The university can only enroll students if the tuition fees are all collected.Some students from the university's business administration major also have tutors after school, but others have not paid the tuition fees.
Based on this, all judgments except the following judgments must be true?
A.Second-year impoverished students of all public administration majors at the university paid tuition fees
B.Students who are tutors at this university may have poor second-year students in public administration
C.Some people at the university are not registered, they may be business administration students
D.The poor students in public administration majors at the university have successfully registered

b
Some people understand the famous saying "If you don't reach the Great Wall, you will not be a hero."
Assuming this understanding is true, which of the following judgments must be true?
A.People who reach the Great Wall must be good guys
B.If he is a man, he must have been to the Great Wall
C.Only a good man has been to the Great Wall
D.Without the Great Wall, he will be a good man

a
All weather forecasts cannot be accurate.
Which of the following judgments has the closest meaning to the above judgment?
A.Some weather forecasts are not necessarily accurate
B.Some weather forecasts are not necessarily accurate
C.Some weather forecasts may not be accurate
D.All weather forecasts must be accurate

a
Xiao Zhang must want to apply for a middle school, because all primary school students who want to apply for a middle school participate in the winter camp organized by the middle school, and Xiao Zhang participates in the winter camp organized by the middle school.
Which of the following judgments best strengthens the above argument?
A.All students who want to participate in the winter camp organized by the middle school want to apply for the middle school
B.Some elementary students who do not want to apply for the middle school also participated in the winter camp organized by the middle school
C.Xiao Zhang's performance in 6 years of elementary school has been excellent
D.Xiao Zhang attended the winter camp hosted by the middle school because his parents strongly advised him to attend

a
In order to implement the best cooperation, when determining the composition of the players on a volleyball match, the three coaches A.B, and C expressed whether or not Xiao Wang and Xiao Li were on the court as follows: A: "Only Xiao Wang played, Xiao Li played." B: "If Xiao Wang comes on, then Xiao Li comes on." C: "or Xiao Wang comes on or Xiao Li comes on."
Based on this, which of the following judgments is impossible to conclude?
A.All three words are true
B.All three words are false
C.Three words, two false and one true
D.The words of the three are true and false

c
At present, the way Chinese communicate has changed greatly.People generally use the Internet for thought and emotion communication, because a recent survey conducted by a relevant department in a university shows that students who often use the Internet for thought and emotion communication have accounted for 95% of the respondents.
Which of the following statements would weaken the above view most?
A.College students pursue fashion and are easy to adapt to new technologies
B.Only 5% of college students surveyed are learning Internet communication technology
C.The scope of the investigation is too small, and it may not reflect the current situation of all Chinese people.
D.Some college students still prefer the traditional correspondence method

b
It was snowing and many highways were closed in succession.Some highway managers believed that if the highways were not closed, major traffic accidents would occur, causing huge losses to people's lives and property.However, many drivers did not agree with this view.
Based on this, which of the following judgments is most likely to be a view agreed by these drivers?
A.Driving at high speed on a snow-covered highway is prone to accidents
B.Traffic accidents are inevitable, highways are closed, and major traffic accidents may occur on ordinary highways
C.No major traffic accidents will occur if the highway is not closed
D.The closer the highway is closed, the more the snow and ice will not melt: the snow and ice will not melt easily, the more the highway will be closed

b
A company held a masquerade.Mr.Zhang and Ms.Zhang wore masks of different colors."I'm a gentleman." The person wearing a red mask said."I'm a lady." The person wearing a yellow mask said After speaking, both laughed because at least one of them was lying.
Based on this, you can infer which of the following judgments is true?
A.Mr.Zhang tells the truth, he wears a red mask
B.Mr.Zhang tells lies, he wears a yellow mask
C.Ms.Zhang tells the truth, she wears a red mask
D.Ms.Zhang tells lies, she wears a yellow mask

c
An institution received three visitors in one day: Lao Zhao, Lao Qian and Lao Sun.After the talks, the three comrades of the department found that the surnames of the undergraduate section chief, deputy section chief and section members happened to be the same The visitor's last name is the same.In addition, Which of the following situations also exist: (1) the visitor's old money's home is in Wuxi.(2) the visitor old Zhao is an old worker with 28 years of service.(3) the deputy chief's family lives in Nanjing Somewhere between (4) the staff member and the colleague Sun surnamed turned out to be elementary school classmates.(5) one of the visitors was a neighbor of the deputy chief, and he was also an old worker.(6) Visitors with the same surname as the Deputy Chief live in Nanjing.
Based on the above, which of the following judgments can be deduced to be true?
A.Section Chief surnamed Zhao, Deputy Section Chief surnamed Qian, Section member surnamed Sun
B.Section manager surnamed Qian, deputy section chief surnamed Sun, and section member surnamed Zhao
C.Section Chief surnamed Sun, Deputy Section Chief surnamed Zhao, Section member surnamed Qian
D.Section manager surnamed Sun, deputy section chief surnamed Qian.Section member surnamed Zhao

c
An organization must select three comrades from a group of six comrades, including Zhao Yi, Qian Er, Sun San, Li Si, Friday, Wu Liu, etc.to form a team to go abroad for business.For various reasons, in terms of personnel composition, relevant leaders have worked through long-term work.After inspection, Which of the following judgments were obtained: (1) If Qian Er was not selected, Li Si was not selected.(2) Zhao Yi was not selected, or Sun San was not selected.(3) Only Sun was not selected.(4) If Wu Liu is selected but not Friday, Li Si is selected.(5) Zhao Yi and Wu Liu are selected.
Based on this, which of the following judgments correctly expresses the choice of a foreigner to be selected by the leader?
A.Qian Er
B.Sun San
C.Lee Si
D.Friday

b
Unfair competition: An operator violates the provisions of the Unfair Competition Law, harms the legitimate rights and interests of other operators, and disrupts the socio-economic order.The so-called operator refers to a legal person engaged in a commodity business or for-profit services, other economic organizations, and personal.
According to the above definition, which of the following is unfair competition acts?
A.An underground factory puts the inferior wine produced under the trademark of a famous brand and sells it
B.A factory adopts advanced technology to reduce the cost and thus the selling price to occupy a favorable market position
C.Distributors only sell locally produced plum beer in accordance with local government requirements
D.Use a name, packaging, and decoration similar to a well-known product, causing confusion with other people's well-known products, and making buyers mistakenly believe that it is a well-known product

a
Modification of possession: A means of delivery of a property.When the property right is transferred, the two parties agree that the transferor will continue to own the movable property, and the property right will take effect when the agreement becomes effective.
Which of the following is the case of possession modification?
A.A sells his bicycle to B.At the same time, the two parties agree that the bicycle will still be used by A until A goes abroad.
B.A and B have agreed to sell their computer to B.Because the computer was being used by A's sister at the time of the transaction, A asked B to pick up the computer from his sister.
C.A lent his necklace to B for use.B liked the necklace very much during use, so he paid A a certain amount and bought the necklace.
D.A sells his house to B, but the two parties agree that A will live in the house before A gets a new house

d
Civil servants: Staff members who perform public duties in accordance with the law, are included in the national administrative establishment, and are paid by the state finances for wages and benefits.
Which of the following are civil servants?
A.Mr.Zhang is a university teacher and has worked in a college for 30 years
B.Xiao Wang is a driver temporarily hired by the District Justice Bureau
C.Sister Li has been a cleaner in the Personnel Department since she was laid off
D.Mr.Chen became the Deputy Director of the Department of Transportation

c
Weather: a combination of meteorological elements (such as temperature, humidity, etc.) and weather phenomena (such as clouds, fog, etc.) in the atmosphere of a certain region at a certain instant or a certain period of time
Which of the following is not the weather?
A.Nanjing will be cloudy tomorrow with a maximum temperature of 2 ℃ and a minimum temperature of 0 ℃
B.It's snowing outside
C.There are many foggy days this winter
D.It frosted yesterday

c
Emergency hedging: In order to protect the public interest, personal safety of others or other rights and interests from the dangers that are happening, it is necessary to take actions that harm the legitimate interests of third parties.
Which of the following is an emergency hedge?
A.Ms.Zhang went to work on the night shift.
B.Xiao Li quickly jumped into the lake in order to rescue the water.
C.The freighter of the assembly ship encountered a storm at sea, and the captain threw part of the cargo of the cargo owner into the sea for the safety of everyone.
D.Ms.Wang took a walk in the community, and suddenly a dog came out.Ms.Wang hurriedly avoided, but sprained her foot.

d
Many people with heroin addiction will eventually try to quit, based on two main reasons: the cost of maintaining drug use and the fear of being arrested.If heroin is legalized and available cheaply, as some people advocate, then these two reasons Neither works.
Which of the following considerations can best be used for the following discussions?
A.Legalizing heroin sales may cause its prices to fall.
B.Making heroin addiction accessible to detox treatment may encourage many people with heroin addiction to work hard to detoxify.
C.Legalizing heroin sales may increase the risk that people with heroin addiction will buy crimes.
D.Enabling heroin to be obtained legally and cheaply will make those who are addicted to heroin unlikely to try to quit their drug addiction.

d
In popular magazines, the size of the book review space is inversely proportional to the expected sales volume of the reviewed books.Newsstands at airports and supermarkets only buy promising books.As a result, books bought at such newsstands People can only buy books without any guidance from book reviewers who publish articles in popular magazines.
Which of the following is a strong critique discussed above?
A.Newsstands in places like airports and supermarkets are specifically designed to entice people to buy books on impulse.
B.The books on the airport stand are different from those on the supermarket stand.
C.A book that is expected to sell well in fact does not guarantee that real sales will be large.
D.The claim that popular magazines have never commented on expected bestsellers is unreliable.

c
Zhang Xiaozhen: In our country, 90% of the people we know have unemployed people.This is really a shocking fact.Wang Dawei: I do n’t think the phenomenon you are talking about is shocking.In fact, only 5% In terms of such an acceptable unemployment rate, 1 in 20 people is unemployed.In this situation, if a person knows more than 50 people, then it is likely that 1 or more of them are unemployed.By.
Which of the following is most likely assumed by Wang Dawei's assertion?
A.Unemployment rarely exceeds socially acceptable limits.
B.The statistics cited by Zhang Xiaozhen are accurate.
C.Unemployment is usually not concentrated in areas where social connections are blocked.
D.People who know the unemployed usually exceed 90% of the total population

a
A recent survey showed that students in the junior high school of the Normal University are more fascinated by roller skating than any other game, and the survey found that the average academic performance of students who often play roller skating is better than other students., Playing roller skating can improve students' academic performance.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above inference?
A.The affiliated middle school of the Normal University has signed an agreement with the parents of the students.If the child's academic performance is not ranked in the top 20, the two parties jointly prohibit the students from playing roller skating.
B.Playing roller skating can exercise and ensure the improvement of learning efficiency.
C.The students who played roller skating received effective guidance from the school, and some of them did not waste their studies.
D.Playing roller skating helps intellectual development and thus improves academic performance.

a
George Bush and Dan Quill ran for U.S.President in 984, when people attacked Quill, saying his family had helped him squeeze into Indiana's National Guard to escape military service and combat in Vietnam.Retorted: "Dan Quill served in the National Guard, and his squad was vacant.Now, he has been harshly attacked by the patriots...Of course, he did not go to Vietnam, but neither did his squad.He was sent there.There are some facts that no one can obliterate: he did not flee to Canada, he did not burn the application card, and he certainly did not burn the American flag! "
Which of the following discussion methods are most similar to Bush's?
A.A company uses starch and brown sugar to make so-called "nutrition-enhancing agents".Many people have been deceived.Business executives have to seize it because it is a counterfeit medicine.No one killed anyone.You ca n’t believe that the nutritional booster ca n’t eat anyone.I ’ll eat it now and eat it.
B.A company manager said: "In the past, there was a saying that money relations were the dirtiest.In fact, in a sense, money relations were the purest and human relationships were the most complicated.I could n’t say what was dirty inside.So I do n’t borrow money with friends, and I never do business with friends.”
C.A graduate student said to the mentor, "Students with excellent academic performance study hard.If you want me to study hard, the best way is to give me all the courses."
D.You said "all swans are white" is not right, because black swans have been found long ago in Australia

c
Empowerment: Empower corporate employees—giving them additional rights.
Which of the following are the empowerment authorizations
A.The company's board of directors has passed an additional shuttle to facilitate employees to work
B.In the past, there were two computers for employees in company A.but one computer for each employee
C.In the past, McDonald's employees did not have the right to give customers more than two packs of ketchup, but they had to ask the supervisor, and in recent years, employees can decide for themselves
D.Previously, employees deducted one yuan for being one minute late, now deducting ten yuan for one minute late

c
Criminal Dynamics Stereotype: Also known as criminal habit, is the execution of the criminal behavior of an actor into an automated conditional reflection system.It is a criminal psychology strengthened due to the multiple successes of the actor's crime and stereotyped the criminal behavior.
Based on the above definition, which of the following is incorrect in the following statements?
A.People who have a criminal habit often commit crimes without being able to resist the criminal habit
B.The sign of the formation of criminal dynamics is: as soon as the perpetrator desires or encounters criminal stimulus, he has the urge to commit a criminal act, and his criminal will is very stubborn.
C.The formation of criminal motivation is due to the instigation and inducement of others, and the criminal will is very weak.
D.Criminal dynamics are evident in recidivism and recidivism

c
Guardianship: refers to the legal system for the supervision and protection of the personal, property and other legal rights and interests of minors, mental patients with limited or limited capacity for civil conduct in accordance with the law.Its purpose is to protect incapable persons and Restrict all legal rights of persons with capacity and protect normal social and economic order.
Which of the following are under guardianship:
A.Li helped the 22-year-old unmarried son take care of his salary
B.Wang's daughter is 18 years old and has a disability and cannot walk normally.
C.Li's daughter is 4 years old and was misdiagnosed while sick and hospitalized, Li filed a claim with the hospital
D.Zhang's son was fired from the school, Zhang took someone to school to make trouble

c
Building division ownership: Building division ownership refers to the structural division of a building into a dedicated part used by each owner alone and a common part used by multiple owners, each owner Enjoy the combination of the exclusive right to its exclusive part and the co-ownership of the common part.Among them, the exclusive part refers to the part that has structural and uses independence and can become the object of separate ownership.The common part refers to Distinguishes other parts of the building than all the individual parts owned by the owner and is used by multiple owners.
According to the above definition, what belongs to the exclusive part of a building are:
A.Community green space
B.Corridor
C.Independent balcony
D.Property Management House

c
All power company employees participated in the snow disaster relief work, and a certain armed police officer and soldier also participated in the snow disaster relief work.The armed police officer and soldier strengthened winter military training.Most of the staff in the railway department did not participate in the winter military training, but all participated in Earthquake relief work.
Based on this, which of the following judgments is necessarily true? ?
A.Some people who participated in the snow disaster relief work were employees of the power company
B.Officers and soldiers of an armed police both participate in snow disaster relief and strengthen winter military training
C.Some railway department staff participated in winter military training
D.Some railway department staff participated in the snow disaster relief work

d
Some people assert: "The stock market may rise in the near future."
Which of the following judgments is closest to that person's judgment?
A.The stock market is bound to rise recently
B.The stock market will not rise recently
C.The stock market is bound to fall recently
D.The stock market is not necessarily not rising recently

a
Xiao Li said to Xiao Xia: "Only by strengthening exercise and eating more health products can you maintain good health." Xiao Xia said, "I don't agree with you."
Which of the following judgments is the view agreed by Xiaoxia?
A.Can maintain good health; but if you exercise more, you don't eat more health products
B, can maintain good health; but if you do not eat more health products, strengthen exercise
C.Can maintain good health; but neither strengthen exercise nor eat health products
D.can maintain good health; but not only strengthen exercise, but also eat more health products

a
All villagers in village A participated in the election of people's congresses in Hope Township, and some villagers in village B did not participate in the election of people's congress in Hope Township.
Accordingly, which of the following judgments must be true? ?
A.Some villagers of village B are not villagers of village A
B.Some villagers in Village B are not voters in Hope Town
C.Some villagers in Village B are voters in Hope Town
D.Some villagers of village B are villagers of village A

a
Zhao, Qian, and Sun speculated about the rankings of A.B, C, and D: Zhao: "If B is second, then A is first." Qian: "If C is third Then A is the first place."Sun:" A is not the first place."The result of the game showed that the three of them speculated that one of them was true and two were false.
Based on this, which of the following judgments cannot be true? ?
A.A is first
B.B is second
C.C is second
D.Ding is first

c
Some people say, "This material is true because it comes from a public publication."
Assuming the following judgments are true, which of the following judgments is the most effective refutation of the person's point of view?
A.Materials in public publications are true
B.Some materials in public publications are true
C.Some materials in public publications are not true
D.Some genuine materials do not come from public publications

b
A resident built illegally and seriously affected the city's appearance.Law enforcement officials said to him: "If you do not remove it yourself within the prescribed time limit, then we will forcibly demolish it." The resident replied: "I firmly disagree."
According to the resident, which of the following judgments did he agree with?
A.Demolition by itself within the prescribed period, no law enforcement personnel are required to demolish it in accordance with the law
B.Resolutely do not demolish within the prescribed period, and law enforcement officers should not force demolish according to law
C.Do not dismantle by yourself within the prescribed period, waiting for law enforcement officers to forcibly dismantle according to law
D.Illegal construction seriously affects the city appearance, it is better to dismantle it

c
In recent years, the real estate industry in China's mainland has been rapidly heating up.Many people are eating and drinking just to buy a house; but some people are unwilling to spend most of their savings on a house, claiming that people cannot live for a house.
Which of the following judgments is the least likely conclusion?
A.In recent years, the price of commercial housing in mainland China has been high
B.In the case of high housing prices, buyers may become house slaves
C.People should live for two or more houses
D.Some Chinese feel that there are many meaningful contents in life, and housing is only one of them

b
The four classes selected for a calibration are commended and given a certain reward.From the perspective of learning, the two classes A and B are better than the two classes C and D.
Based on this, together with which of the following judgments may be concluded that "Class E is better than Class D"?
Class A.E is better than Class C
Class B.E is better than Class A
Class C.E is worse than Class B
Class D.Class B is better than Class A

a
A university actively guided college students to carry out summer social practice activities, and achieved remarkable results.The school and a township jointly selected two students with excellent academic performance to serve as village officials in the township.After multiple assessments, A.B, C, and Ding Discuss the possibility of candidates together: A says: "I won't be selected." B says: "If I are selected, then C will be selected." C says: "If B is selected, D will be selected." D said: "B Will be selected but C will not be selected."
If only one of the four guesses is correct, which of the following judgments must be true? ?
A.A and B will be selected
B.A.Ding will be selected
C.B, C will be selected
D.B, Ding will be selected

a
Nano: A unit of measurement for geometrical dimensions.1 nanometer is one-millionth of a millimeter, which is 1 nanometer, which is one-billionth of a meter.Nanostructures usually refer to microstructures with a size below 100 nanometers.
Which of the following statements about nanometers is correct?
A.A nanometer is a unit of length
B.One hundred thousand nanometers equal one decimeter
C.Nano is a very advanced technology that is now widely used in many areas of production and life
D.Nano usually refers to a very tiny structure

a
First cause-effect: In memory or social perception, the first information to appear is often remembered firmly and accurately or the most impressive impression on the individual.
Which of the following is a prime effect?
A.Dai Li's deepest memory of the class teacher is his smile at the first meeting.Although the class teacher often smiles later, it is not as charming as when he first met.
B.Zhou Ping found that Manager Wang of the Human Resources Department was particularly warm and sincere to others.After he returned home, he kept telling his family how good Manager Wang was.
C.Two elementary school students met by chance 30 years later, and they all talked about the mutual description of each other at the graduation ceremony of the primary school.
D.Lao Li often remembers only the things at hand but not the past

b
Social policy: It is based on the concept of justice, solves social problems, guarantees the basic rights of social members, improves the social environment, and promotes the overall welfare of society as the main purpose.A collection of codes of conduct, ordinances, and regulations.
Which of the following does not meet the definition of social policy?
A.The main body of social policy formulation is some public institutions that are mainly state institutions and governments
B.The value orientation of social policy is mainly efficiency rather than fairness and justice
C.Policies on education, public health, and social security are all social policies
D.Social policies can take many forms

b
Operational activities: The process of investing in certain resources.After a series of various forms of transformation, the value is increased, and finally, the society is provided with some form of output.
Which of the following is not an operating activity?
A.Banks provide financial services
B.Housewife cleaning home hygiene
C.The consulting firm provides design solutions
D.Shoe factory produces shoes

c
Commodity difference: The price difference of the same product due to different circulation links, purchasing and selling regions, purchasing and selling seasons, and different quality.
Which of the following is not a commodity spread?
A.The same book has a different price when it is first published than two years later
B.One pound of radish in the morning market, and fifty cents in the afternoon
C.Fukang sedan differs in price from Volkswagen
D.Salt inland A is cheaper than salt inland B because

b
Deductive reasoning: Reasoning that derives individual or particular conclusions from general premises.
Which of the following is deductive reasoning?
A.Crows in Nanjing are black, crows in Beijing are black, crows in Tokyo are black, and all crows in the world are generally black
B.All flowers are beautiful, roses are flowers, so roses are beautiful
C.College student Xiao Chen is a girl from Northeast China and her academic performance is very good, so the female college students from Northeast China have good academic performance
D.Pharaoh neither smokes nor drinks, and is not even interested in karaoke.Therefore, Lao Li, who does not smoke or drink, will not be interested in karaoke.

a
Cultural relics: things left in history that are valuable in the history of cultural development.
Which of the following are cultural relics?
A.Qin Terracotta Army
B.Mr.Wang, who is nearly seventy years old, has kept the memorable pictures painted in his childhood
C.Huangguoshu Waterfall
D.Chen used BMW for nearly a decade

b
Financial lease contract: A contract in which the lessor purchases the leased property from the seller and provides it to the lessee for use, and the lessee pays the rent according to the lessee's choice of the seller and the leased property.
Which of the following is a financial lease contract?
A.A took B's suggestion and bought a printing press from C
B.In accordance with B's requirements, A purchased a type E machine and equipment from a factory and provided it to B to use.B paid a monthly fee of 1,000 yuan to A.After the use period expired, B bought the machine.
C.Villager A is a very economically savvy person.When he saw that there was no planter in the village, he borrowed money from his sister and bought back a planter and rented it out to the villagers when the farm was busy.
D.A leases his house to B, and B subleases the house to D

a
Typhoon: A tropical cyclone that occurred in the western Pacific region of the northern hemisphere and developed to a certain intensity (maximum wind near the center is not less than magnitude 2).
Which of the following is a typhoon?
A.A tropical cyclone with a maximum wind of magnitude 11 near the center landed in Fujian
B.Tropical cyclones with a maximum wind strength of 12 near the center generate near the Philippines
C.Tropical cyclones with a maximum magnitude of 14 near the center hit Florida
D.There is a tropical cyclone with a maximum center wind of magnitude 15 on the ocean west of the Australian mainland

b
Internal speech: A kind of speech to yourself, a kind of silent speech accompanied by thinking about the problem.
Which of the following is internal speech?
A.The trainees whispered about the teacher's teaching method
B.Looking at the forest outside the window, Lao Zhang is lost in thought
C.Xiao Li stood up, looked at the teacher timidly and said, "I don't know"
D.Lao Li and Lao Zhao argued loudly about whether to fight

c
Everything that is conducive to the peaceful development of cross-strait relations should be vigorously promoted, and everything that undermines the peaceful development of cross-strait relations must be firmly opposed.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Everything that should be vigorously promoted is conducive to the peaceful development of cross-strait relations
B.Everything that must be firmly opposed is a matter that undermines the peaceful development of cross-strait relations
C.Some things that are not conducive to the peaceful development of cross-strait relations should not be vigorously promoted
D.Some things that do not undermine the peaceful development of cross-strait relations must be resolutely opposed

d
People who are respected by everyone also respect everyone, and Zhang San does not respect Li Si.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Everyone respects some people
B.Some people respect everyone
C.Some people respect Zhang San
D.Some people do not respect Zhang San

d
Implementing the democratization and scientific nation of decision-making is to follow the opinions of experts; if you follow the opinions of experts, you can avoid mistakes in decision-making.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Expert opinions are not always correct
B.Decision errors can only be avoided by following the opinions of experts
C.Failure to avoid expert advice
D.If you can't avoid mistakes in decision making, don't listen to experts

c
All senior students in the administration major have applied for civil servants, and some have applied for civil servants, and all senior students in the administration major have not applied for civil servants.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Some party members are seniors in administration
B.Some senior students in administration major are party members
C.Some party members are not juniors in administrative management
D.Some juniors in administration major are not party members

b
If the price of commercial housing is too high, and no attention is paid to improving the quality, then the sales of commercial housing will decline.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.If the sales volume of commercial housing drops, then either the price is too high or the quality of the house is not paid attention to
B.If the sales volume of commercial housing rises, then it must be to reduce prices and improve housing quality.
C.If the price of commercial housing is too high, if you do not pay attention to improving the quality, the sales of commercial housing will decline
D.If the price of commercial housing is too high, then even if attention is paid to improving the quality, the sales of commercial housing will decline

c
A company discusses the necessity of establishing branches in A.B, C, D.A said: "The branch should be established in A or D." B said: "I do not agree to establish in A.D."Branch." C said, "I found after investigation that it was a very unwise idea to establish a branch at A." Later, it turned out that A.B, and C all were right.
Based on this, where should the branch company be built?
A.D or B
B.A or C
C.D and C
D.A or B

d
There are students in a class who don't leave names for good deeds.A.B, C, D, and other teachers expressed their views on the 4 students in the class.A said: "If this is not done by Zhang San, it must be Zhao Liu did."B said," If Zhang San did this, then Li Si or Wang Wu would do it."C said," If Li Si did not do this, Wang Wu would not do it.Zhao Liu will not be the one who does it."Ding said," This thing must be done by Zhang San, and neither Li Si nor Wang Wu will do it."
It was learned afterward that only one of the four teachers' views was correct.Based on this, who can launch a good deed?
A.Zhang San
B.Lee Si
C.Wang Wu
D.Zhao Liu

d
A leader decides to choose a few people among Wang, Chen, Zhou, Li, Lin, Hu and others to perform an important task.The person who performs the task should meet all the following conditions: Wang and Li only need one person to participate; Li Only one of Zhou and Zhou should participate; at least one of Wang and Chen should participate; two of Wang, Lin and Hu should participate; Chen Hezhou either participated or neither; if Lin participated, Li must participate.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Wang and Chen do not participate
B.Lin, Hu does not participate
C.Zhou, Lee does not participate
D.Lee and Lin do not participate

b
Zhang San and Li Si learned that four teams of A.B, C and D have won medals in 15 events (represented by ordinal numbers respectively).Among them, Team A won medals in events 1, 4, and 12.; Team B received medals for events 2, 4, 7, 8, 11; Team C received medals for events 4, 5, 6, 12, 13; Team D received medals for events 1, 5; Wang Wu from 4 One of the 15 projects that the team won was singled out and told Li Si separately, and the name of the team that won the medal was told to Zhang San separately.After Wang Wu spoke to them separately, Li Si said: "I don't I know which team won the medal for this project."Zhang San heard it and said," I know that project."Li Si also said immediately:" I know that team, too."
Based on this, which of the following are representative teams and projects that Wang Wu can pick out?
A.Team A.item 1
B.Team B, item 4
C.Team C, item 12
D.Team D, item 5

b
Altruistic behavior: refers to the behavior of people to help others out of their own volition, without expecting any compensation.
Which of the following is altruistic?
A.Xiao Zhang rescued the child who fell into the water Yu, and later hoped that Yu's family would pay him
B.Xiao Li subdued the gangster who tried to rob.Afterward, the unit rewarded him with 5000 yuan
C.Li Xiaoli, a soldier, ten years as a day
D.Ding found a fire in his home, quickly dialed 119, and assisted firefighters in fighting the fire

a
Role pressure: Refers to an organization or a specific social environment, because of adverse factors that interfere with the actions of the role task, causing the individual to fall into a predicament.
Which of the following is character pressure?
A.Women in the workplace are in a hurry to go to work, rush to buy food, cook, and have time to connect with their families, etc., always feel that there is no real-time for them.
B.Xiao Li does not want to do housework at home, and does not want to work at home.
C.Banks ask staff to smile at customers, but some find it difficult
D.Teacher Zhang recently had a heavy teaching task, and the publishing house asked him for a draft.He was very busy

b
Mental wear and tear: refers to the depreciation of machinery, equipment, and other fixed assets due to the advancement of science and technology.
Which of the following are mentally worn?
A.An enterprise has a high-precision grinder with a service life of 10 years, but due to high-efficiency use, only two years, some major components need to be replaced
B.After finding a new job, Xiao Chen bought an expensive laptop computer.After only one year, the computer is as good as new, but it is not worth much money.
C.Lao Cai is a well-known rustic carpenter.For electric planers and chainsaws, he just feels uncomfortable, so the planer, saw and other woodworking tools he uses to help people with furniture are still traditional.
D.An enterprise imported a set of the most advanced smelting equipment, but the efficiency of these imported equipment was not fully exerted due to the lack of enthusiasm for technical personnel.

d
False security: It means that the brain is in extreme excitement under high tension, but it is not easy to have problems; and when it is close to success, the spirit is more and more relaxed, and there is a sense of security.disaster.
Which of the following are false safe?
A.Some profit-making intermediaries have hinted, reminded, and assisted high-risk enterprises to fabricate false materials and deceive safety production licenses.
B.A negative sell is all good, and many stocks will come out of a booming market after the unsatisfactory annual report.
C.Before the college entrance examination, Xiao Li always feels that she lacks sleep; but when the college entrance examination ends, Xiao Li often cannot sleep
D.In a special industry such as a thermal power plant, during peak power periods and severe weather, accidents caused by human error will generally not occur; but in normal times, accidents are not uncommon.

d
Pathological nostalgia: always indulging in the memory of the past, tirelessly repeating the past and the environment and conditions of the past.
Which of the following are not pathological nostalgia?
A.After Zhang changed his new unit, he always complained about the status quo and always said how good the original unit was.
B.Attaching to past experiences, placing too much emphasis on past achievements, and keeping the certificates, medals, and awards obtained perfectly, and often recalling the glorious experience of that year
C.Attaching to past friends, making new friends, and expanding personal relationships
D.Alone in a different country as a different visitor

b
l It is impossible for all candidates to fail the exam.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Some candidates may fail the exam
B.Some candidates must pass the exam
C.All candidates must pass the exam
D.All candidates must fail the exam

d
Although a few people verbally advocate that all people are equal, they still strive for the privilege in real life.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.All people are equal
B.All people should be equal
C.Some people strive for equality in real life
D.Some people's statements are inconsistent with actual behavior

b
Companies should consult weather forecasts beforehand, because if they don't, they won't produce marketable products.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.If the company consults the weather forecast in advance, it will produce marketable products
B.Only if the enterprise consults the weather forecast in advance, will it be able to produce marketable products
C.The enterprise consults the weather forecast in advance, it will definitely improve the economic and social benefits
D.Due to the limitation of human understanding, the accuracy of the meteorological forecast has not reached a high level at present

d
A certain team draws one soldier from each of Classes 1, 2, and 3 to hold a military-technical competition.After the game, it is learned that the performance of Soldier A is better than that of Soldier 2; Soldier C praised the 3 fighters for their good performance.
According to this, it can be introduced that the results of the three soldiers A.B, and C are ranked in order from high to low?
A.A.B, C
B.B, C, A
C.C, A.B
D.B, A.C

c
If this year's drought continues and people are not well able to fight drought, this year's crops will be reduced and farmers 'incomes will be reduced.However, multiple pieces of evidence suggest that this year's farmers' income will not only decrease but will increase.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.This year's drought is still going on, and people are weak
B.This year's drought is still ongoing.Or people are weak
C.This year's drought investment has continued, or people have strong resistance to drought
D.This year's drought did not last.

c
Some of the four players A.B, C and D won the special prize in the latest lottery.Now I know.A can win the special prize only if she draws at A betting station; if she wins at A betting station, then The lottery number is random; if B wins the special prize, then the lottery event must be carried out after 10 am; this lottery event started at 8:30 am and only took 20 minutes, and the lottery number It is self-made.
Based on this.Can be launched?
A.A or B won the Grand Prize
B.A and B won the special prize
C.C or D won the special prize
D.Cing and Ding won the special prize

a
A county held a "civilized township" competition.Four judges predicted the possibility of participating in the evaluation of Qinglian Township, Xiahe Township, and Furong Township.The judges said, "If Qinglian Township can get ' "Civilized Township", then Xiahe Township and Furong Township can also get this title."Judge B said:" If Qinglian Township and Xiahe Township can get the title of "Civilized Township." Furong Town certainly cannot get the title.Judge C said, "It is impossible for Xiahe Township and Furong Town to obtain this title, regardless of whether Qinglian Township can be awarded the title of" Civilized Township." Title; however, if Xiahe Township can get this title, Furong Town won't be able to get this title."After the results of the evaluation were revealed, only one of the four judges had a prediction.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.All three towns can be awarded the title of "Civilized Township"
B.None of the three townships was awarded the title of "Civilized Township"
C.Qinglian Township can get the title of "Civilized Township", Xiahe Township and Furong Township cannot get this title
D.Qinglian Township cannot get the title of "Civilized Township", Xiahe Township and Furong Township can get this title

b
A university will select a few of Zhao, Qian, Sun, Li, Zhou, Wu and other six students to participate in the National College Students Mathematical Modeling Contest.After a period of training and inspection, teachers have reached the following consensus among the six students: (1) Do not select Zhao; (2) Either select Sun or select money; (3) Do not select Zhou if Li is selected; (4) Zhao, Qian, and Zhou may be selected; (5) If If Zhao is not selected, Li must be selected; (6) Sun or Wu.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Selection of Zhao, Qian, and Sun
B.Selection Money, Sun, Li
C.Selection of Sun, Li, Wu
D.Selection of Li, Zhou, Wu

d
Talent chain: Refers to the phenomenon of talents with the same talent continuously appearing.There are two types of talent chains.One is called the master and apprentice talent chain.The other is the blood type (also known as a family) talent chain.
Which of the following belong to the talent chain?
A.The survey found that the key positions of a company are equipped with relatives of the company's senior management, and some of them do not have professional talents.
B.The employment standard of a group is "to be ambitious and tough," and the group has already recruited a number of different types of outstanding talents.
C.An enterprise recruits software graduate students this year.So far, more than 70 young talents with great potential have joined the company.
D.The family of the Zhang family of the Jiangnan family is rigorous, and famous writers have appeared in successive generations.

c
Reengineering: Refers to fundamental rethinking and thorough reform of work processes in order to improve the major operating benchmarks of modern enterprises such as cost, quality, service, speed, and redesign of the company's management and operation methods.
Which of the following are reengineering projects?
A.With the continuous improvement of living standards, customers have higher requirements for corporate products and services
B.More and more multinational corporations are going beyond national borders to launch various forms of competition in an integrated global market
C.An enterprise merges and adjusts several current business operations.It proposes multiple process improvement programs, which require an evaluation from costs, benefits, technical conditions, and risk levels to give employees the power to participate in decision-making
D.The market demand is changing day by day.The unit of the product life cycle has changed from "year" to "month".Technological progress has made the production and service systems of enterprises change frequently.

a
Peer education: refers to the use of peers of similar ages, similar knowledge backgrounds and hobbies, friends' opinions and suggestions that are easy to be adopted for related education.
Which of the following belongs to peer education?
A.Wang, who has a four-year history of drug use, was hired as a volunteer counselor at a drug rehabilitation center after successful drug treatment
B.The party was held on the university campus, and the organizer specially invited many young artists who the young people liked
C.Han Han's books sell very well on campus
D."Fans" listen to idols

c
Collective bargaining: Refers to face-to-face negotiations between lender representatives and employee representatives on wages, working hours, and working conditions.
Which of the following belong to collective bargaining?
A.In 2008, French subway drivers held a strike march demanding increased wages and rest periods
B.The leader of a textile factory listened to the suggestions of the chairman of the union and decided to provide regular medical examination services to employees.
C.A tannery chooses a worker representative to interview the factory owner on issues such as improving working conditions
D.Joint writing of residential housing requires property companies to reduce property management fees

d
It is possible that real estate prices in some cities will fall this year.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Maybe some cities' real estate prices will not fall this year
B.May not see real estate prices fall in all cities this year
C.Certain urban real estate prices will decline this year
D.Not all real estate prices will decline this year

b
Xiao Li and his friends met: "If the sun is bright tomorrow, I will go out with you."
Based on this, which of the following is the situation that Xiao Li can make an appointment?
A.Tomorrow will be bright, Xiao Li did go with friends
B.Tomorrow will be sunny, but Xiao Li does not go out with friends
C.It's going to rain tomorrow, Xiao Li will still go with friends
D.It's going to rain tomorrow, Xiao Li didn't go out with friends

d
Some college students who want to engage in administrative management apply for civil servants, and all college students who major in arts do not want to engage in administrative management.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Some college students of art majors do not apply for civil servants
B.Some college students majoring in arts apply for civil servants
C.All undergraduates in art majors have not applied for civil servants
D.Some college graduates who have not applied for civil servants

a
If Zhang Sheng likes photography, he likes traveling; if he doesn't like photography, he likes driving; however, if Zhang Sheng doesn't like traveling, then he is not interested in driving.
Based on this, can Zhang Sheng be launched?
A.Like to travel
B.like driving
C.Dislike driving
D.Like photography

d
A province held a "civilized city" competition.Four judges analyzed and predicted the possibility that A.B, C, and other 3 cities would be awarded the title of "civilized city".Judge A said, "Either city A can obtain Either city C can get it."Judge B said:" If city A and C can get it, then city B can get it."Judge C said:" Only if city B can't get it or city C can get it, city A can only get it.Can't get it."Judge Ding said," I think the probability that city B can get is zero, and city A and city C will definitely get it."After the evaluation, it was found that only one of the four judges predicted that it would be true.
According to this, what cities can be launched to obtain the title of "civilized city"?
A.A city
B.B City
C.C City
D.A.B, C, and other 3 cities

c
A sports team won a total of 4 medals including A.B, C, D in one match.Among them, the number of medals in item A is greater than the sum of the number of medals in C and D, and the number of medals in item C is greater than the medal in D And at least two medals in item D and at least one medal in item B.
According to this, can the team win at least the total number of winning cards in this competition?
A.10
B.11
C.12
D.13

b
If you have purchased stocks, you cannot invest in futures; you can only invest in futures to invest in stamps; or invest in stamps, or invest in foreign exchange; but recently, investing in foreign exchange has been too risky to operate.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Buying stock
B.Don't buy stocks
C.Do not invest stamps
D.Not investing in futures

c
A company has to select two of Zhao, Qian, Sun, Li, Zhou, Wu, and other 6 employees to go abroad to discuss the project, and noticed the following when selecting: (l) Wu and Qian cannot go together; (2) only Sun Money can go when you go; (3) If Li goes, then Zhou also goes; (4) Either Zhao or Li goes; (5) If money doesn't go, Zhao can't go; (6) Because some kind of For reasons, Sun couldn't go.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Zhao, both go
B.Lee and Wu go
C.Lee, both go
D.Qian and Wu go

a
Public goods: Products that are provided by the public sector to meet the public needs of society.Among them, pure public goods refer to the goods that any one person consumes will not reduce the consumption of others.
Which of the following are purely public goods?
A.National defense
B.Freeways tolled by congestion
C.Free parks built in the city
D.Free gifts from the mall

b
Indirect principal offense: Refers to using another person as a tool to commit a crime, and there is no joint crime with the victim.
Which of the following are indirect principals?
A.In a burglary case, a certain person was only responsible for watching the wind and did not implement specific theft.
B.A preplans to kill a patient and finds ways to deliver the poison to an unsuspecting nurse
C.A sells the jewelry obtained from the robbery to an unsuspecting acquirer
D.Someone sends illegally obtained photos to netizens for circulation

d
The crime of contract fraud: refers to the act of illegally possessing a large amount of money in order to defraud the other party's property in the process of signing and fulfilling the contract by using fictitious facts or concealing true and equivalent deception.
Which of the following is not crimes of contract fraud?
A.Zhou used fake financial bills to deceive the trust of the other party and obtain his property in the process of signing the contract for execution, a large amount
B.In order to expand his business, Song signed a contract with Company A to purchase Company A's 500,000 yuan worth of electrical products, and stated that the money will be delivered.The next day, after Song remitted 50,000 yuan in cash, the amount on the draft stub Changed to 500,000 yuan, copy, fax to company A.trick company A to send all the goods
C.Using a pseudonym of Song, Wu signed insurance agency contracts with Yongan Property Insurance Beijing Branch and Zhonghua United Property Insurance Fangshan Branch, agreeing to sell insurance business on behalf of the company, and obtained a certain percentage of handling fees.As of the end of the year, Wu received a total of nearly 315,000 yuan in insurance premiums, but refused to deliver to Yongan Company and squandered it.
D.Lin took advantage of Renmou City's industrial and commercial bureau accountant to keep the check of his unit, privately engraved the seal of the cashier Deng, the director Chen and the unit's official seal, and repeatedly issued checks in private, cheating his unit's funds totaling 200,000 yuan

c
Suspected disease phenomenon: refers to people who treat minor physical discomfort as a serious disease and repeatedly check it.Especially when relatives, friends, neighbors, and colleagues die early due to a disease and die unexpectedly, this phenomenon is more likely to occur.
Which of the following are suspected phenomena?
A.A friend died due to illness, Wang was in a low mood and had no motivation for work for a period of time
B.Due to the pressure of work and the death of relatives and friends, Li was overworked and hospitalized
C.A worker died of lung disease, and because they worked in the same environment, everyone felt that they had lung disease.
D.Xiao Wang was hindered in the promotion of her title, and she suspected that individual colleagues in the unit were making trouble

a
Zegoni effect: refers to the phenomenon of better memory effect on unfinished work than on completed work.Founded by German psychologist Zegoni in a memory experiment in 1927.
Which of the following is the Zegony effect?
A.The wife got up to make the composer husband who loves to sleep, and kept popping the first three chords of a set of phrases on the piano.After listening, the composer turned around and finally had to get up and finish the last chord.
B.Learn from the past
C.As long as it is something that he can identify, no matter how difficult it is, Xiao Li perseveres in his efforts to complete it and never quits halfway
D.When Li reads a book, he always tries to stop and think about whether he is wasting time and energy.If so, he will make a choice based on whether to continue reading.

b
Internet addiction: refers to a type of mental and behavioral disorder caused by an individual's repeated excessive use of the Internet, which is manifested by a strong desire for re-use of the Internet, withdrawing reactions when stopping or reducing the use of the Internet, and can be accompanied by mental and physical symptoms.
Which of the following are Internet addictions?
A.Xiaoli handles text materials online every day, and now uses almost no paper and pen
B.Xiao Wang likes online games, soaks in Internet cafes all day and night.If he doesn't surf the Internet all day, it feels like he lost his soul.
C.After the internet company went bankrupt, engineer Xiao Li lost his heart and didn't know what he could do
D.Mr.Li is keen on stock trading.He goes to the Internet every day to watch stock market quotes.

b
Polymorphism: refers to the state of the diversity of individuals of the same species for certain forms and qualities.
Which of the following is a polymorphism?
A."The male rabbit's feet are fluttering, and the female rabbit's eyes are blurred."
B."There are no two identical leaves in the world"
C.Normal horses are mostly monochrome, while zebras are black and white
D.People cannot step into the same river twice

a
Extended product: refers to the sum of the various benefits that the customer has incidentally acquired when purchasing the product.
Which of the following are extended products?
A.A 4S shop promises that customers who purchase a car worth more than 250,000 will be given a year of insurance.
B.Platinum card users enjoy 20% discount on shopping in a mall
C.The New Year's offer in a shopping mall is that the top 100 customers can buy a new mobile phone for only 100 yuan
D.Microsoft introduced its upgraded Vista operating system after XP system to meet customer needs

b
Cleanliness, a type of obsessive-compulsive disorder, that considers things within the scope of normal hygiene to be dirty, feels anxious, and compulsively cleans, checks, and rejects "unclean" things.
Which of the following are not cleanliness?
A.Hu is afraid of getting germs.He must wash his hands and laundry many times a day.
B.Mr.Smith always stayed in a white room on business trips.Even the carpets must be white.
C.A young lady spent three hours walking to work to avoid contact with others on the bus
D.Lee does not allow children to eat outside, nor allow children to approach sick children

c
The student hukou status of a primary school in city S is relatively complicated.The hukou of all third-year students is in this city, and the hukou of some second-year students is also in this city.Not in this city.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.All second-year students are not children of migrant workers
B.Some migrant children are third-grade students
C.Some students with household registration in this city are third-grade students
D.Some first-year students are not children of migrant workers

b
Under the conditions of a market economy, as long as there is equal opportunity, legal competition, no abduction, no privileges and corruption, and the emergence of differences between the rich and the poor in society, it can only be attributed to personal inborn differences, acquired efforts, and luck.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.The wealth gap in society always needs to change
B.The difference between rich and poor in society, if it is not due to the innate differences of individuals, it may be due to the existence of privileges and corruption in society
C.The emergence of the difference between rich and poor in society, if it is not because of the day-to-day efforts of the individual, it must be because of unequal opportunities for the individual
D.If society is abducted, privileges and corruption are rampant, the difference between rich and poor cannot be attributed to personal differences, acquired efforts, and luck.

c
Some of the countries in the Alliance of Small Island States are located in tropical areas.The small island countries in these tropical areas are beautiful and rich in products.In recent years, these beautiful small island countries have increasingly attracted the attention of the world and have gradually become the first choice for tourists from all over the world.Driven by the island country's tourism boom, the economies of these small island nations are developing at a high speed.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.The AOSIS countries are located in the tropics
B.The countries in the tropics are beautiful and rich in products
C.Some countries with rapid economic development have beautiful scenery and abundant products
D.The economies of the Alliance of Small Island States are growing rapidly

c
Since the Industrial Revolution, mankind has burned fossil fuels and deforested a lot, and the greenhouse gas emissions have continued to increase, which has led to a significant global warming in the 20th century.If long-term growth of greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere is to be controlled, countries will need to intervene or Limit the use of fossil energy at the source and reduce greenhouse gas emissions; or increase the sink of greenhouse gases, that is, re-absorb the greenhouse gases emitted into the atmosphere through afforestation.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.If you limit the use of fossil energy at the source, you can avoid a significant global warming
B.If global greenhouse gas sinks are increased through afforestation, significant global warming can be avoided
C.If countries do not restrict the use of fossil energy from the source and increase the sink of greenhouse gases, they cannot control the long-term growth of greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere.
D.If countries restrict the use of fossil energy at the source or increase the sink of greenhouse gases through afforestation, they can control the long-term growth of greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere

d
The Binhai Municipal Government decided to launch a landscaping project.Based on the research and demonstration, the relevant government departments made the following decisions on the selection of characteristic tree species: (1) at least the same choice of camphor and willow; (2) if not planting laurel Tree, then you need to plant cedar; (3) if you willow tree, then you need to plant a peach tree; (4) peach tree, at least the same as a cedar tree.
Based on this, what kind of characteristic tree species can be introduced in the city?
A.Willow or Peach
B.camphor or laurel
C.Cedar or willow
D.Cedar or camphor tree

a
Jiangtian City Bureau of Finance decided to send a comrade to the rural areas to help the poor according to the instructions of the superiors.Many comrades such as A.B, C, D, and E of the Bureau of Finance actively registered and applied for the trip after knowing the news.According to the registration and the work needs of the Bureau The leaders of the bureau made the following decisions: (1) At least one person was selected from A and B; (2) At most one person was selected from B and C; (3) Among A and D At most one person is selected; (4) If Ding is selected, then C and E are indispensable.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Don't pick Ding
B.Picking A
C.Not picking A
D.Picking Ding

b
On an international train, passengers A.B, C, and D from the four countries of Britain, Italy, Japan, and Germany happened to be in a certain carriage.Each of them could speak three languages in addition to their own languages.One of them, one language, three people can speak.The situation of these four passengers talking is as follows: (1) B does not speak English, and when A talks with C, he can translate for them; (2) A is Japanese, Ding doesn't speak Japanese, but they can talk without difficulty; (3) B, C, and D cannot find a common language to talk to; (4) Among the four No one can speak both Japanese and Italian.
Based on this, what kind of language can all three people speak?
A.Japanese
B.German
C.English
D.Italian

b
For some reason, A and B are currently facing the choice of A and B.If both choose A.then A will get 5 units of benefits, and B will get 2 units of benefits; if A chooses A.If B chooses Plan B, then both A and B get 4 units of benefits; if A chooses Plan B and B chooses A.then A gets 6 units of benefits and B gets 1 unit of benefits: If A and B both choose B Then, each of them will get 3 unit benefits.Assuming that both A and B perform calculations and actions according to their own maximization standards, they both understand the benefits and losses of the above interests, and they choose in no particular order.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.A chooses plan B and B chooses plan B
B.A chooses plan A and B chooses plan B
C.A chooses plan A.B chooses plan A
D.A chooses plan B and B chooses plan A

b
The student of M University suddenly suffered from a serious illness, and one student secretly donated to help.After the student turned to the crisis, he wanted to know who had donated.He asked five students and got the following answers: (1) either A donated, or B donated; (2) If A has donated, then C has also donated; (3) If B has not donated, then D has donated; (4) Neither A nor B has donated.In fact, only one of the five students' answers was fake.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.C donated
B.Ding donated
C.A donated
D.B donated

a
When N Middle School made recommendations for students who were exempted from the college entrance examination, a total of 7 students including A.B, C, D, E, G, G, etc.were shortlisted.Among the 7 students, 3 students were girls and 4 students were boys.Four students are 18 years old, while the other three are 17 years old.It is known that the ages of A.C, and E are the same, but the ages of B and G are not the same.The gender of A and G is different.In the end, only a 17-year-old girl was eligible for a recommendation.
Based on this, which of the following can be launched to qualify for a recommendation?
A.Geng
B.E
C.B
D.A

c
Public opinion: It refers to the synthesis of a certain systematic and typical public opinion, situation and information analyzed and summarized after collection and arrangement.
Which of the following does not involve public opinion?
A.In order to further strengthen and improve the regulation of the real estate market, the General Office of the State Council issued the "Notice on Promoting the Stable and Healthy Development of the Real Estate Market" on January 10, 2010.
B.China's anti-corruption work has created a new method, which is to effectively prevent, curb, and punish corruption with the help of network technology and the social effects caused by the supervision of governing behavior and the restriction of power.
C.In recent years, a local government has insisted on adopting a social publicity system for personnel work, which is more transparent in personnel training, and the quality of cadres selected and appointed has been continuously improved.
D.Netizens of the "new opinion class" rely on the Internet's "all-to-all communication" advantage to speak freely about various issues in China's social development and can build consensus in a very short time and affect society

a
Administrative confirmation: refers to the administrative organs and legally authorized organizations to screen relevant legal facts in accordance with statutory authorities and procedures, and determine administrative actions to manage a certain legal status of the counterparty through determination, certification, and other methods.
Which of the following are not administrative confirmations?
A.According to the "Tendering and Bidding Law", a court found that a tendering agency violated relevant laws and regulations in a bidding activity, colluded with the bidder privately to obtain improper benefits, and confirmed that the bidding was invalid.
B.A traffic accident occurred on a highway and caused liability disputes.After the traffic police arrived at the scene, after investigation and understanding, it was determined that driver A should bear the main responsibility
C.The cadres of a local city tax bureau Xiaoding and Xiaoyang were born out of work—some contradictions were too noisy.They kept arguing with Director Li.After understanding the situation, Director Li thought Xiaoyang should bear the main responsibility and criticized education Xiao Yang
D.Zhao was a professional fish farmer.Last winter, he died unfortunately due to the rescue of those who fell into the water.According to the law, the relevant government departments identified him as a martyr.

a
Rationalized defense: Refers to giving some seemingly reasonable but not real reasons to provide an explanation for their actions.
Which of the following are rational defenses?
A.Xiao Liu's wedding banquet invited old classmate Xiao Lu to come in person, and Xiao Lu had participated in the college entrance examination proposition at that time.So Xiao Lu said to Xiao Liu: "I will be traveling with the principal for half a month tomorrow, and I will go south to inspect the project.Your wedding banquet It is not possible to participate, and I will invite you as a couple when I return."
B.Some critics say that bad media such as pornographic novels, photos, videos, etc.have the vicious function of inducing youth crime, and the work of purifying the media should always be carried out.
C.Xiao Ming failed the exam, knowing that he didn't pay much attention to study recently, so he confessed to his mother and promised to work hard in the future
D.The neighbor's aunt ’s cat died, and her mother comforted her by saying, “This cat has been raised for more than ten years, and has lived a long time.It is normal to die.”

a
Reverse counterfeiting of trademarks: Refers to the behavior of the operator to legally obtain the goods of a registered trademark owned by another person, without the consent of the trademark registrant, changing the registered trademark and putting the replaced trademark product on the market again.
Which of the following are trademark counterfeits?
A.A clothing manufacturer ordered a batch of down jackets from a foreign trade company.Due to insufficient supply from the manufacturer, the company purchased a batch of down jackets of other brands in the market and removed the original trademark and sewed its own trademark.
B.A wholly foreign-owned enterprise has repeatedly faked China's high-quality and cheap products, carried out large-scale production, and continuously invested in the market to profit from it.
C.Xiao Wang bought a pair of pants, the style is good, the fabric is also good, that is, the brand is not famous, so he went home and sewed the trademark of another famous brand of pants to the newly bought pants, and smugly put on the pants.
D.A commercial and industrial bureau recently seized a private workshop specializing in the production of various brand-name soy sauces.This workshop used the acquisition of old brand-name soy sauce bottles to hold its own soy sauce to make profits.

b
Watch law: Refers to the loss of confidence in determining the correct time when a person owns two watches that are inconsistent with each other.It is used as an analogy when facing different work goals or values at the same time.
Which of the following is not a watch law?
A.An accountant who wants to change jobs in private.Recently, a company promised to hire her as a financial manager, with a large annual salary, and a well-known company also promised to hire, but it must start at the grassroots level.Dare to publicize this
B.After the establishment of a company, various rules and regulations have not yet been put in place, the company's daily operation and management cannot be standardized, and the work between various departments often appears to be uncoordinated.
C.The boss of a health care product company sees the real estate market is hot and wants to get more profits.As a result, it is deeply stuck.The main health care product is also lagging behind in research and development and is no longer favored by consumers.The company faces bankruptcy
D.A person in charge of a reservoir complained that the reservoir was under the management of multiple non-affiliated departments such as water conservancy, environmental protection, urban construction, transportation, and forestry, which led to the reservoir often being confused and directly affecting the rational use and effective governance of the reservoir.

d
In order to create a civilized and hygienic county, Jianghai County organized everyone to participate in patriotic sanitary labor.It is known that all business operators of shops along the street have participated in sanitary labor, all teachers and students of the county's first middle school have also participated in sanitary labor, and some county government work salespeople have participated As a result of sanitation labor, some of the teachers and students in the county's rural middle schools did not participate in sanitation labor.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Some county government workers are not participating in sanitation labor
B.Noisy teachers and students in the county have participated in sanitation labor
C.Teachers and students from all rural middle schools in the county did not participate in sanitary labor
D.Some of the students participating in sanitation work are county middle schools

a
The ancient Greek philosopher is also a natural scientist.For example: Thales is an astronomer.He has identified 365 days a year.He predicted that the solar eclipse would be irregular from time to time.map.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Some natural scientists are ancient Greek philosophers
B.Some natural scientists are not ancient Greek philosophers
C.Ancient Greek natural scientists were philosophers
D.Ancient Greek philosophers were astronomers

b
Ming Dynasty scholar Wang Yangming instructed his son to say: Most people's illnesses are now due to pride; thousands of sins and white evils come from pride.The fact also shows that no one will believe in pride and no one is willing to deal with it.People he doesn't believe cooperate.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.A humble person can always avoid all kinds of pain in life
B.No one wants to work with pride
C.Everyone is willing to cooperate with humble people
D.The humble person will gain the trust of everyone

c
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology launched a column on "Light Vehicle Fuel Consumption Notice" on its official website, requiring auto manufacturers to put fuel consumption signs on the windshield of new cars.The news sparked heated discussions when a news reporter tried to do it again when logging on to the website of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, he found that the original webpage where fuel consumption could be queried was broken.He asserted that car owners are paying close attention to the issue of automobile fuel consumption.At the same time, he also found that many individual businesses do not care about the issue of automobile fuel consumption.The reporter's assertions and findings were correct.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Some individual businesses pay high attention to car fuel consumption
B.Some car owners do not pay attention to car fuel consumption
C.Some individual businesses are not car owners
D.Some individual businesses are car owners

b
This year, there is a shortage of migrant workers in southern China.The reason is either because migrant workers have found jobs in their hometowns; or because migrant workers in the south have wages that are too low to be attractive anymore; In the countryside, both incomes can be increased and a stable family life can be achieved.This year, China's new rural construction has indeed accelerated, and farmers can both increase income and lead a stable family life in the countryside.
Based on this, can we introduce the cause of the "migrant labor shortage" in the southern region this year?
A.It is because migrant workers have found work in their hometown
B.Possibly because migrant workers have found work in their hometown
C.Not because migrant workers have found work in their hometown
D.It is because the wages of migrant workers in the south are too low to be attractive anymore

c
The material economy is the economy with the material resources as the main labor resources.The primitive economy is the primitive material economy, the agricultural economy is the economy based on biological material resources, the industrial economy is the advanced stage of the development of the material economy.The knowledge economy is relative to the material economy The new economic form is an economy based on knowledge resources.The prerequisite for establishing a knowledge economy is the high development of the industrial economy, which is based on science and technology, so there is no high development of science and technology.And widespread application, the material economy cannot be transformed into a knowledge economy.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.If science and technology are highly developed and widely used, the material economy can be transformed into a knowledge economy
B.If the material economy cannot be transformed into a knowledge economy, there will be no high-level development and widespread application of science and technology
C.Only when science and technology are highly developed and widely used can the material economy be transformed into a knowledge economy
D.Only when the material economy is transformed into a knowledge economy can science and technology be highly developed and widely used

d
In order to strengthen the scientific research cooperation with the cooperation unit, the Shuguang Institute needs to send hard-working scientific and technological personnel to the cooperation unit to work.According to the requirements of the work, the institute's leaders have decided: (1) At least one of the two people must be sent; 2) At most one person can be sent between B and C; (3) If D is sent, both C and E must be sent; (4) At least 5 of A.B, C, D, E Send 3 people.
Based on this, can it be launched that will definitely be dispatched?
A.B
B.C
C.Ding
D.E

c
During the recruitment of Huaguang High-tech Company, there were 5 shortlisted members including Xiao Zhang, Xiao Li, Xiao Wang, Xiao Zhao, and Xiao Qian.From the educational background, 2 of these 5 were masters and 3 were doctors; from the age point of view 3 of these 5 people are younger than 30 years old and 2 are older than 30 years old.It is known that Xiao Zhang and Xiao Wang belong to the same age group, while Xiao Zhao and Xiao Qian belong to different age groups; Xiao Li and Xiao Qian have the same degree Xiao Wang and Xiao Zhao have different degrees.In the end, only one master's degree older than 30 was successfully applied.
Based on this, who can launch a successful candidate?
A.Xiao Zhang
B.Xiao Wang
C.Xiao Zhao
D.Small money

b
For some reason, both A and B are faced with the choice between A and B.If both choose A.they will each get 3 unit benefits; if one chooses A and the other chooses B, they will choose Those in plan A get 3 units of benefits, and those in plan B get 5 units of benefits; if they both choose plan B, they get 2 units of benefits each.Assume that both A and B calculate according to their own maximization criteria.And action, both understand the benefits and losses of the above, and the two have a choice.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.When A chooses plan A.B will choose plan A
B.When A chooses plan A.B will choose plan B
C.When B chooses plan B, A chooses plan B
D.When B chooses plan A.A chooses plan A

a
A super basketball game is about to enter the final stage of the game, and 4 teams will start fiercely fighting for the final position.Experts have made 3 predictions on the results of the game based on the past records and field performance of each team: Team, the earth team can not enter the top two (2) if the river team wins the first, then the ocean team will get the second; (3) if the sky team wins the third, then the earth team will enter the top two.It was found that only one prediction of the experts were correct.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Jianghe team won first
B.Ocean team takes second
C.Sky team finished third
D.Earth team wins fourth

b
Projection refers to a psychological effect of unconsciously reflecting one's thoughts, attitudes, desires, emotions or characteristics on others or other people.
Which of the following are not projections?
A.Xiaofang regards the mud on a wall like a butterfly
B.Xiao Li worked with Xiao Zhu for some time, he thinks Xiao Zhu is a very hardworking person
C.Don't do anything to others
D.Some people think that Zhou Yu will not be mad because of jealousy Zhuge Liang, because Zhou Yu was so proud of the spring breeze that she would only be envious

d
The sandwich layer refers to the group of people who are incapable of buying a house outside the government's protection and market.It shows that some do not meet the conditions of low-rent housing but have no money to buy affordable housing, and some are not eligible to buy affordable housing but cannot afford commercial housing.
Which of the following are most likely to be sandwich layers?
A.Xiao Hu's mother wants to buy a jump-level house, but his wife wants to buy another landscape room.Xiao Hu is caught in the air
B.Professor Zhang has never bought a house.He believes that buying a house is not as good as renting a house, and renting is not as good as borrowing a house.
C.Old Liu used his life savings to buy a three-bedroom, one-living second-hand house
D.Xiao Li, Wang, and Liu who have just been recruited by the company live in a temporary warehouse of the company

d
Time Syndrome refers to a condition caused by psychological annoyance, tension, and changes in physical activity due to the urgency of time.
Which of the following are time syndromes?
A.Mr.Zhang and Ms.Li agreed to meet for the first time in a park at 3 pm.As a result, Ms.Li did not come.After Mr.Zhang went back, she sent a text message to Ms.Li: The first date would not be on time.
B.Ms.Han travels frequently.Due to the frequent traffic congestion on her way to the airport and the station, she must set aside maneuvering time for each subsequent departure, and use this to warn her family that everything must be done early.
C.Xiaoming is in the fifth grade of elementary school and loves skateboarding, but he does not delay his homework.He returns home from school every afternoon.He always races against time, finishes his homework quickly, and invites his companions to go skateboarding.
D.Mr.Lei is always in a hurry, often running short of time, occasionally taking his children out to play, and constantly watching his watch.When the child wants to ‘play for a while, he is very impatient and even loses his temper.

a
Location advantage refers to the favorable conditions or superior status of an area in terms of economic development and scientific research.It is mainly determined by natural resources, labor, industrial agglomeration, geographical location, and transportation.It is a comprehensive concept.
Which of the following are not location advantages?
A.In the era of the knowledge economy, human factors dominate, and the mobility of people, especially those who master knowledge and skills, is very great.Cultivating and attracting high-tech personnel has become the key to regional economic development.
B.Yunnan can be connected to the Pearl River Delta and Yangtze River Delta economic circles to the east; it can extend south to Hanoi, Bangkok, Singapore, and Yangon through the Pan-Asian Railway under construction; north to Sichuan and China's inland hinterland, etc.
C.Xichang Satellite Launch Center has low latitude, high altitude, and good launch inclination; the solid geological structure is conducive to the overall layout of the launch site; fine weather and good weather, and a good "launch window"
D.Guangxi is located at the intersection of east, middle, and west of China's mainland.It is the junction of the South China Economic Circle, the Southwest Economic Circle and the ASEAN Economic Circle.It is the most convenient access to the sea in the southwest and even the northwest.Important passage

c
The reverse search method refers to the analysis, exploration from the opposite thinking direction in the thinking process, the opposite direction, and the creation of the opposite or relative functions of things.
Which of the following is the reverse search method?
A.Divide one thing into several people to do it at the same time.This is the design idea of parallel computers, so that the parallel computers designed are doubled in computing speed.
B.Let several people work together for one thing.For example, safe management is to let two people control at the same time, so the "insurance" is greatly enhanced.
C.When the white refrigerator flooded the market, a well-known company launched a color refrigerator.As a result, it was welcomed by the market with its new colors, and soon entered the international market.
D.The key to the alarm is to clearly explain the location of the incident.Sometimes the delay in the alarm is due to the unknown location of the emergency.Shenzhen has sprayed alarm codes on 100,000 street lights and poles in the city to ensure that the 110 alarms can be accurately located.

b
In recent years, the phenomenon of children dropping out of school in some places has something to do with the understanding of some parents.Some rural parents believe that anyway, in the future, when children grow up to go out to work, there is no need to go to school at all.Obviously, this understanding is wrong .
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Some children who have grown up and don't go to work now need to read
B.Some children who have grown up to go to work now need to go to school
C.All children who have grown up to go out to work do not need to go to school now
D.Some children who have grown up to go to work do not need to go to school now

a
Everyone has the possibility of a sudden heart attack.Preventing a sudden heart attack should not be a "patent" for those with a history of heart disease.Only those who survive the first sudden heart attack can be "lucky" "Ground has its own history of heart disease.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.If a person can "fortunately" have their own history of heart disease, then he must have survived the first sudden attack of heart disease
B.If a person can "fortunately" have a history of his heart disease, then he must not have survived his first sudden heart attack
C.People without a history of heart disease do not need to prevent a sudden heart attack
D.Only by guarding against a sudden heart attack can you survive the sudden heart attack

a
In the field of primary distribution in China, it is a common phenomenon that the increase in labor wages cannot keep up with the increase in corporate profits, and this gap is gradually widening.If this phenomenon of wage erosion is not changed, the income gap will be enlarged and social harmony will be affected Stability is not conducive to expanding consumption and stimulating domestic demand.To change this phenomenon of profits eroding wages, it is necessary to increase labor income.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.If we do not affect social harmony and stability, we must increase labor income.
B.Only by changing this phenomenon of profit eroding wages must the labor income be increased
C.If this phenomenon of profit erosion of wages is changed, it will reduce the income gap and promote social harmony and stability
D.If the income gap is widened and social harmony and stability are affected, this phenomenon of profit erosion of wages will not be changed

d
This semester, there are five elective courses offered by a university administration major.Each student is required to take at least two courses.As a result, some students have taken all the courses.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Some courses have no student electives
B.Some students take 3 courses
C.All students take a course
D.All courses have student electives

b
In a particular society, if the rich group refuses to make necessary or reasonable income transfers, the society will eventually fall into a state of chaos, and the conditions for the rich to become rich and the environment to enjoy the wealth will change.It is "not cost-effective", and if the poor groups have too high requirements on social welfare, it will make the production costs too high, and the investment income will be too low, resulting in no reinvestment, no employment growth, and the situation of most poor people.Fundamental, long-term improvement, and eventually the entire society will fall into the plight of long-term stagnation.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.If society does not fall into turmoil or long-term stagnation, either the rich group makes necessary or reasonable income transfers, or the poor group has excessively high social welfare requirements
B.If the society does not fall into turmoil or into a state of long-term stagnation, or the poor group does not place too high demands on social welfare, or the rich group makes necessary or reasonable income transfers
C.If the society is in turmoil and is stuck in a long-term stagnation, it must be that the rich groups have refused to make necessary or income transfers, and the poor groups have excessive demands on social welfare
D.If the society is in turmoil or in a state of prolonged stagnation, it must be that the rich group refuses to make necessary or reasonable income transfers, or the poor group has too high requirements for social welfare

a
The "Star Cup" basketball competition in S province is about to start.The coach must select two players from the five players, Zhang, Xiaoli, Xiaowang, Xiaozhao, and Oda, to enrich the lineup.Taking into account the best cooperation between the players, the coach Which of the following five points are decided: ⑴ If Xiao Zhang does not play, then either Xiao Li plays or Xiao Wang plays; ⑵ If Xiao Li plays, Xiao Zhao plays; ⑶ either Xiao Wang plays or Oda plays; ⑷ If Xiao Zhao plays, Then Oda doesn't play; ⑸Oda must play.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Xiao Zhang comes on
B.Xiao Li comes on
C.Xiao Wang playing
D.Xiao Zhao playing

b
In order to complete an important task, a certain unit decided to select a capable team to form a working group.After careful consideration, the leader decided to: at least one of the two members of the group A and B; the group of at most one of the two members Choose one person; (3) If Ding is selected, then both C and E are indispensable; ⑷ The group members must include the 4 mentioned above.
Based on this, it is possible to introduce a person who is unlikely to be selected?
A.A
B.B
C.Ding
D.C

d
For some reason, A and B are currently facing the choice between A and B.If both choose A.they will each get 3 unit benefits; if one chooses A and the other chooses B, then Those who choose Plan A get 8 unit benefits, and those who choose Plan B get 1 unit benefit; if both choose Plan B, they get 5 unit benefits each.Assume that both A and B will proceed according to their own maximization criteria Both calculations and actions understand the above-mentioned benefits and losses.The two have no choice in order, and cannot exchange information in the choice.The two have only one chance to choose.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.A chooses plan A; B chooses plan B
B.A chooses plan B; B chooses plan A
C.A chooses plan B; B chooses plan B
D.A chooses plan A; B chooses plan A

a
The evaluation of the style of the city's year-end organs is about to begin.Six experts make the following predictions for the five important departments of the municipal government: A.B, C, D, and E: ⑴ If A cannot get first, then C will definitely get third; ⑵If B can get second, then D must get fourth; ⑶If A gets first or B gets second, C must get third; ⑷If A gets first, B gets second; ⑸ C won't win third, while A won first and B won second; it is possible that C won third, but Wu won fifth.After the review, it was found that only one of the six experts The words of the experts did not meet the results of the review.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.A takes first place
B.B didn't win second
C.Third place
D.Ding didn't win fourth

b
Gold collar refers to senior scientific and technical personnel who master modern technology and can create a lot of wealth and therefore have higher incomes.
Which of the following belong to the gold collar?
A.Computer marketing company owner
B.Microsoft Corporation Programmer
C.Ph.D.students in computer science
D.Accounting for state-owned enterprises

c
Mind refers to the sum of the ability of people to deposit and store known things through biological responses (brain information processing) to achieve a certain desire.
Which of the following is mental?
A.The first cry after the baby is born
B.Xiaoling ’s pet dog Lingling keeps calling as soon as he sees someone in the house
C.Xiaomin just learned to walk, she cried when she saw the cat, and kept calling her mother
D.The three pups domesticated by Xiao Xu, a panda trainer, drool every time they hear the bell

d
Cybercrime refers to the use of computer technology by the perpetrator to attack or destroy systems or information by means of the network, and intentionally commit acts that violate relevant laws and regulations.
Which of the following are not cybercrime?
A.Zhao has used programming, encryption, decoding technology or tools to master the passwords of many customers who have transacted with him.He often monitors some competitive businesses with himself.
B.Gao uses technologies such as software instructions and product encryption to control the two parties who are conducting virtual transactions and profit from them.
C.Xiang is the administrator of a website.He often uses his particular status in the network service provider or other methods to open the personal emails of netizens and check their personal emails.
D.Xiaoli started a blog two months ago.Three days ago, Xiaoli told Xiaozhang his password and asked Zhang to help him manage the log recently.Xiaozhang changed all the typos in Xiaoli's blog.

d
Pre-approval refers to a business registration management procedure in which certain enterprises need to obtain the approval of the relevant competent authorities before they can apply for business licenses in the industrial and commercial departments before they can conduct business registration.
Which of the following are not subject to pre-approval?
A.Xiaocheng wants to open a music cafe, which needs to be approved by the Cultural Bureau
B.Xiao Qu wants to open a famous tobacco specialty store, which needs to be reviewed and approved by the Tobacco Monopoly Bureau.
C.Xiaoyan wants to open a newsstand, which needs to be reviewed and approved by the Urban Management Administration Law Enforcement Bureau
D.Confirmation of food hygiene in Xiaoyu restaurant must be approved by the Health Bureau

a
l Risk transfer refers to the phenomenon of collective risk in organizational behavior and organizational management.
Which of the following is not a risk transfer?
A.A fire broke out in a gas tank of a resident in a residential area.An old couple over the age of seventy took risks and dragged the gas tank from the house to the open area of the compound.殃 and neighbors
B.Every autumn, a scene of swallows flying southward appears on the west coast of the Philippines, but people are surprised to find that once they reach the coast and the beach, many swallows will die one after another
C.After the Wenchuan earthquake, several bosses spontaneously organized a 60-car rescue team to deliver supplies from Chengdu to the hardest-hit areas to help transfer college students in dangerous areas
D.The leaders of a company often adopt a collective decision-making approach when making some major decisions.In fact, they do not want everyone to discuss and make decisions, but they want their ideas to be supported and supported by everyone.

c
Technical errors refer to errors that are caused by technical reasons such as verbal errors, eye errors, and hand errors during the operation due to busy business and high work intensity.
Which of the following are technical errors?
A.A business executive hinted that the accountant should use the high-retention and low-return bookkeeping method for the inventory cost when doing the company's account.The accountant understood it and completed the work soon.
B.A certain magazine stipulates that a manuscript must be read through after the writing and editing are completed, and audited once or three times, but the quality of some authors or editors is not high enough to affect the overall quality.
C.The International Badminton Federation draws a country's badminton open through the Internet, but a few days later, the IBF suddenly informed the National Badminton Association that there was a problem with the original lottery result, and the seed player was wrongly ranked.
D.After 2008, some multinational companies experienced a vacuum in management due to the reduction of Chinese customs officers.In the face of possible inspections by the customs this year, some companies even gave up self-examination and response preparations, and gave up opportunities for improvement in a broken and broken manner.

d
Subculture refers to the non-hereditary cultural value sub-system of a certain cultural system relative to the main culture.It is invented or introduced by a few members of society, and it promotes or hinders social order and development.
Which of the following are not subcultures?
A.Western jazz and rock music, Chinese Peking Opera and Kunqu Opera
B.Western society once panicked homosexuals because of AIDS, but then people slowly accepted these people, giving them more space and deriving their own culture
C.The "Bad Generation" is a collection of loosely combined young poets and writers who appeared in the United States after the Second World War
D.In order to enrich the leisure life of employees, a company organized club culture, faction culture, "salon" culture, "brothers" culture and other activities

c
Exclusive agency means that the client only appoints one agent in the designated area and within a certain period of time.The agent only takes the commission and has no profit or loss.It has no right to determine the price of the product, and it must not accept commissioning to operate the same or similar products.
Which of the following may be exclusive agents?
A.Xiaoqiang is the largest business agent of a brand winery in a certain city.He is enthusiastic in service and often buys goods for customers.When the customers are in large quantities, he will take the initiative to give some benefits to the customers.
B.Xiao Zhang started working as a dealer for a famous leather shoe three years ago.He gets a commission of 70,000 to 80,000 a year.As the business is getting more and more popular, he has started the distribution business of three or four leather shoe factories.
C.Xiaofan in Nanjing and Xiaoqiu in Wuhan both accepted the agency business of a famous shoe company.They are in good condition and can get hundreds of thousands of commissions each year.
D.Xiaocai founded the Craft Porcelain Factory, not only designing the style of the product himself, but also controlling the whole process of firing himself, and the sales of finished products are rising year by year.

b
All of Li Ming's netizens are not software engineers; those who know Dachu's directors through Li Ming are software engineers; a netizen from Li Ming met Wang Gang through Li Ming.
From the above statement, which of the following can be concluded?
A.Wang Gang is not a software engineer
B.Wang Gang is not a director of Dachu
C.Wang Gang is a software engineer
D.Wang Gang is a director of Dachu Company

a
At a certain academic conference, it was found that Professor Zhang knew everyone who knew Dr.Li; as long as it was not known to some people, Researcher Zhao knew all of them; Xiao Wang, a new graduate student who participated in the conference, did not know anyone.
From the above statement, which of the following can be concluded?
A.Professor Zhang and Researcher Zhao know each other
B.Professor Zhang knows Professor Zhao, but Professor Zhao does not know Professor Zhang
C.Professor Zhang and Researcher Zhao do not know each other
D.Professor Zhang does not know Professor Zhao, but Professor Zhao knows Professor Zhang

d
Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang, Xiao Ma, and Xiao Wang discussed the construction of low-rent housing in N area.Xiao Li said: "The low-rent housing in N area is well constructed." Xiao Zhang said: "There is no low-rent housing in N area.House construction is good."Xiaoma said," Some low-rent housing in N area is not well built."Xiao Wang:" N area still has a good construction of low-rent housing."
If Xiao Zhang and Xiao Ma are both wrong, can they launch?
A.Li is wrong
B.Li and Wang are wrong
C.Xiao Wang is wrong
D.Xiao Wang is right

c
Zhang, Wang, Li, Zhao, Qian, Sun, and Chen Qiren have only one rest day per week, and can only arrange one person to rest each day.Zhang's rest day is known to be one day later than Li's, and Zhao's rest day is better than money Two days later, Wang's rest day was three days earlier than Chen's, and Sun's rest day was Thursday, and it was exactly in the middle of Wang and Li's rest day.
From the above statement, which of the following can be concluded?
A.The rest day of money is Wednesday
B.Zhao's rest day is Friday
C.Wang's rest day is Wednesday
D.Lee's rest day is Saturday

a
For a piece of garden, the horticulturists put forward the following suggestions: (1) at most one kind of peony and Paeonia; (2) if you plant peony, you cannot plant phalaenopsis or rose; (3) at least one kind of peony and rose When planting, only one of the three recommendations above was adopted.
According to the above statement, which of the following are most likely to be in line with actual planting conditions?
A.Peony, Paeonia, and Rose
B.Planting peony but not phalaenopsis, roses
C.Peony, Phalaenopsis, and Rose
D.Phalaenopsis, but not roses, peony

a
A city implements the strategy of strengthening the province by talents.In 2010, it introduced 1,000 outstanding talents of various types from home and abroad.Among them, 361 were management talents, 250 were non-management talents without doctorate degrees, and 206 were non-management talents imported from abroad., 252 people with a doctorate degree introduced in China.
From the above statement, which of the following can be concluded?
A.There are less than 70 management talents with doctorate degrees in China
B.More than 70 management talents with doctoral degrees are introduced in China
C.Less than 70 management talents with a foreign doctoral degree
D.More than 70 management talents with PhDs introduced abroad

d
A.B, C, D fans have a dialogue.A said: "Y team can reach the final." B said: "If team X can reach the final, then team Y can also enter the final." "I think Y team can't make the final, but X team can make the final." Ding said, "X team can't make the final."
If only one of the four is right, can it be launched?
Both A.X and Y teams can reach the final
B.X team cannot enter the final, Y team can enter the final
Neither C.X team nor Y team can make the final
D.X team can enter the final, Y team cannot enter the final

b
Discount principle: when there are other reasons that seem reasonable, the cause and effect of a certain result will be discounted.
Which of the following are affected by the discount principle?
A.Qian has always insisted on long-distance running in the morning and exercises at least 1 hour a day, which makes everyone who knows admire endlessly.
B.Lao Cai saw a young man helping an old man to cross the road, and thought: Is this man the grandson of the old man?
C.After witnessing the quarrel between the young man and the salesperson, Xiao Du felt that the young man was too picky
D.The temperature will drop sharply these days, and there will be heavy rainfall.The family has mobilized Xiaoyu not to go out in these days

d
Motivation bias: Refers to attribution bias that occurs when processing information due to a particular motivation or need.
which of the following are motivational biases?
A.Qin promised his son that if he could cook a dish alone, he would take him to a picnic
B.Sun believes that the local law and order is relatively chaotic at night and requires her daughter to go home before nine o'clock every night
C.Manager Li believes that the company's prosperity in the past two years cannot be separated from good policies and the hard work of every colleague
D.Zhao lamented that his recent poor health has caused him to miss the position of manager, although his colleagues do not think so

a
Vein industry: refers to the industry that uses advanced technology to convert waste generated during the production and consumption process into reusable resources and products, and realizes the reuse and recycling of various types of waste, just like the veins in the human blood circulation system .
Which of the following does not belong to the vein industry?
A.An enterprise uses the "resource-product-waste" economic model to mine native natural resources and pays attention to the use of resources and the impact of the economic system on the natural ecosystem
B.Germany's Green Dot Company is responsible for the collection, sorting, recycling, and reuse of garbage in yellow trash bins and garbage bags in the community, and the processing costs are paid by the company or seller that has obtained the "Green Dot" certification
C.An enterprise stipulates that the producer is responsible for the entire life cycle of its products and clarifies the principles of waste management: avoid generation-recycling-final disposal
D.Today, the world ’s development encounters two common problems: excess waste and resource shortage.Turning waste into treasure is an effective way to solve it.For example, an enterprise uses peanut shells to produce plywood as a building material, which has a good seismic effect.

d
Resource integration: refers to the organization through the organization and coordination, to identify and select resources from different sources, different levels, different structures, and different content, draw and configure, activate and integrate organically.
Which of the following does not include resource integration?
A.There are tens of thousands of outdoor advertising companies in China, which are very scattered, but some can gather these scattered companies together to form an advantage before planning sales.
B.When Niu was sadly out of a company, in addition to the various relationships in which he was operating, all that remained was the sorrow and courage of "the old man and the woman"
C.In an era where speed and scale are emphasized, what an enterprise considers most is potential value sharing, jointly creating super value, and exchanging value for each, etc.
D.A company must provide professional training to its employees, but it is difficult to find a teacher.One of the classmates of the boss provided the phone number of the company's training course manager.After contacting, the training task was completed as scheduled.

c
E shares and F shares do not rise at the same time; if F shares do not rise, then E shares rise; if E shares do not rise, F shares also do not rise.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.E shares rose, F shares rose
B.E stocks do not rise, F stocks rise
C.E shares rose, F shares did not rise
D.E shares do not rise, F shares do not rise

d
If the blue team does not win the championship, the red team will win the second runner-up; if the blue team wins the championship, the green team will win the third runner-up; if the red team wins the second runner-up, the yellow team will win the championship; unless the yellow team wins the championship, the green team will not Will get third place.
If the previous predictions are correct, then can they be introduced?
A.Blue team wins the championship
B.Red team wins the championship
C.Green team wins the championship
D.The yellow team wins the championship

d
Three balls of A.B, and C, one is red, one is blue, and one is yellow.C is larger than the yellow ball, A and the blue ball are not the same sizes, and the blue ball is smaller than the C ball.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.A is red, B is blue, and C is yellow
B.A is blue, B is yellow, and C is red
C.A is yellow, B is red, and C is blue
D.A is yellow, B is blue, and C is red

d
When a lender issues a loan, the borrower must provide a guarantee.If the borrower does not repay the principal and interest of the loan at maturity, the lender has the right to dispose of its mortgage or pledge in accordance with the law, or the guarantor shall bear joint and several liabilities for repayment of principal and interest.The property of the suite was used as collateral, and a loan of 400,000 yuan was loaned to the bank.Xiao Wang was the guarantor.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Without Xiao Wang as the guarantor, Xiao Huang cannot lend more than RMB 400,000 to the bank
B.If the bank does not require Xiao Wang to repay the principal and interest of the loan, Xiao Huang must repay the principal and interest of the loan at maturity
C.If Xiao Huang cannot repay the principal and interest of the loan, the bank will auction Xiao Huang's mortgaged property
D.If Xiao Huang cannot repay the principal and interest of the loan, the bank may require Xiao Wang to repay the principal and interest

b
If there is no problem with the program design, then either the hardware is faulty or the input is wrong; however, the input is actually correct.
From the above statement, which of the following can be concluded?
A.Problems with programming
B.If the hardware is not faulty, then there is a problem with the programming
C.Programming is no problem
D.If the hardware is faulty, then there is no problem in programming

c
A company held four events of swimming, bowling, billiards and table tennis.Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang, Xiao Wang, and Xiao Dai all participated in one of the events, and the four participated in different events.Known: (1) One of Xiao Li and Xiao Zhang participated in the bowling game; (2) If Xiao Wang participated in the billiard game, Xiao Zhang participated in the bowling game; (3) Only Xiao Li participated in the bowling game, and Xiao Wang participated in the billiard game; (4) If Xiao Wang participates in swimming or table tennis, Xiao Dai does not participate in swimming or table tennis.
From the above statement, which of the following can be concluded?
A.Xiao Wang participates in table tennis
B.Xiao Wang does not add table tennis
C.Xiao Dai participates in a billiard game
D.Xiao Dai does not participate in billiards

a
At a roundtable meeting with only five seats, the seating conditions of the five people who are known to attend the meeting are: (1) Director Wang is not adjacent to Zhao Kechang and Secretary Li; (2) If Secretary Li is next to Deputy Director Zhang , Then Chief Zhao is not adjacent to Secretary Guo.
From the above statement, which of the following can be concluded?
A.Secretary Guo is adjacent to Director Wang and Secretary Li
B.Deputy Director Zhang is adjacent to Director Wang and is not adjacent to Chief Zhao
C.Secretary Guo is adjacent to Director Wang and not to Secretary Li
D.Deputy Director Zhang is not adjacent to Director Wang and adjacent to Chief Zhao

d
Seeking superiority: Refers to a person's efforts to get rid of inferiority.
Which of the following are not among those seeking superiority?
A.Little money, young and frail, then grew into a bodybuilder by insisting on exercise
B.Yan has practiced himself in front of the mirror in preparation for tomorrow's speech
C.Xiaoli said that she would wear high heels in the blind date to make herself look taller
D.Xiao Ning always measures when shopping to see if it has practical value

b
Exception principle: refers to the fact that senior management personnel of an enterprise authorizes general daily affairs to be handled by subordinate managers, while retaining the decision-making and control rights on exceptions, which are generally important issues.
Which of the following are exceptions?
A.The chairman of a company is mainly responsible for all matters within the company, while the general manager is responsible for maintaining the relationship with the cooperation unit
B.A company's accounting system stipulates that department managers under 5,000 yuan will be approved by the department manager, and 5,000 yuan and above will be approved by the general manager.
C.The determination of part-time personnel in a management center is determined by the general manager.The determination of full-time personnel is determined by the board of directors
D.At the weekly regular meeting, all middle managers must report the work summary for this week and the work plan for next week to the general manager.

a
Over-rationalization: Refers to extrinsic motivation that undermines it.
Which of the following are overly rationalized?
A.Some children learn painting or practice piano not because they like it, but because parents think they can add points when choosing a school in the future.
B.Although the extremely fierce match has ended, Xiao Liu is still intent on playing with friends
C.Employees in Chinese companies have time to chat, while Japanese companies are popular for working overtime
D.The promotional atmosphere in major shopping malls before and after Women's Day is very strong, attracting many women to go shopping

a
Virtual expression: refers to a method of expression that is hypothetical rather than real.
Which of the following are not virtual expressions?
A.If you connect the brighter stars in Sagittarius, it is like a small spoon
B.If the manager was on the scene yesterday, the problem would be solved.
C.Xiao Zhao dreamed many times that he landed on the moon in a spaceship
D.Even if this machine is repaired, it will not play a big role

c
Barnum effect: Refers to which of the following is often considered a general, general personality description that reveals its characteristics very accurately.
Which of the following belong to the Barnum effect?
A.On the bus, it is often found that a person opens his mouth and yawns.A few people around him cannot help but yawn.
B.When a person's emotions are low and frustrated, they lose control of life and affect their sense of security.
C.Although the fortune teller said many unrelated things, many people think that the fortune teller is "very accurate"
D.Some people often doubt the correctness of their decisions or actions, like some changes in life, and hate being restricted.

c
The fund project applied by Xiao Li does not necessarily pass the review.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.The fund project applied by Xiao Li cannot pass the review
B.The fund project applied by Xiao Li must not pass the review
C.The fund project applied by Xiao Li may not pass the review
D.The fund project applied by Xiao Li is likely to pass the review

a
Some media are very open, and all media focus on people's livelihood.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.Some very open media focus on major issues of people's livelihood
B.Some media concerned about people's livelihood are not open
C.Some media are not open, but pay attention to major issues of people's livelihood
D.Some media are very open, but don't pay attention to people's livelihood

d
All volcanoes are not active.
Based on this, can it be launched?
A.All active volcanoes
B.Not all volcanoes are not active
C.Not all volcanoes are active
D.Some volcanoes are not active

d
Dong hasn't been to the United States, Canada, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, and Australia.Based on this, there are four inferences: (1) Dong has not been abroad; (2) Dong is not a British; (3) Dong has not Been to European and American countries; (4) Dong does not know many countries.
which is wrong with the above reasoning?
A.1
B.2
C.3
D.4

c
A fund manager buys six types of funds: A.B, C, D, E, and E; not B and D at the same time; if you don't buy D, you don't buy C; or you don't buy A or B; if If you buy Wu and Ji at the same time, then you also buy C.Based on this, you can infer: (1) if you buy C, then buy D; (2) if you buy A.then buy D; (3) if you buy B, then not at the same time Buy Wu and Ji; (4) If you buy Wu and Ji at the same time, then buy Ding.
In the above reasoning, is it correct?
A.1
B.2
C.3
D.4

a
Comparison effect: refers to the phenomenon of the mutual influence of some relevant economic subjects or interest subjects in social and economic activities in the distribution of benefits, and the advancement in turn.
which of the following are comparison effects?
A.Company employees compare their wages with each other and ask the company to adjust their wages
B.Two middle school students secretly compete, study hard, and become the first
C, friends are often smarter than whose children
D.Through a field visit, Company A found that Company B's management was more scientific

b
Property fee: refers to the fee charged by the property management unit for the daily maintenance, repair, renovation, and provision of other services related to the life of the dwellings and their equipment, public equipment, materials and the environment in the residential area.
Which of the following are property fees?
A.The tenant Xiao Wang accidentally damaged the lighting of the gate of the community.Xiao Wang paid the maintenance fee of 80 yuan.
B.Water and electricity fee of 80 yuan
C.A monthly Internet access fee of 100 yuan for residents
D.The lawyer's legal fee for the property company to sue 1,000 yuan

d
Aerobic exercise: refers to the low-intensity, rhythmic, uninterrupted physical exercise that does not require high levels of athletic skills under the condition that the human body is fully supplied with oxygen.
Which of the following is aerobic?
A.Xiao Li has been insisting on weight lifting and throwing exercises in order to increase his arm strength
B.Xiao Zhao, Xiao Su, Xiao Wu, Xiao Wu form a team to participate in the 4 × 100m relay race
C.Xiao Wang practiced pole-vaulting after school in the afternoon to get good results in the sports meeting
D.Xiao Chen's body is slightly fat.In order to lose weight effectively, he briskly walks to the park for half an hour every morning

a
Explain causality: It means explaining the causal relationship among certain facts.
Which of the following are not to explain cause and effect?
A.Since Xiaoqiu has so deep feelings in her song, how can Xiaoli not hear her?
B.The development of physics has enabled people to study celestial bodies using methods such as spectral analysis and photometry
C.Xiao Wu didn't achieve much because he was too proud
D.A serious illness forced Lao Zhang to leave his beloved job early

b
Space economy: refers to the economic benefits obtained through the use of space technology and space activities to create products, services, and markets.
Which of the following are not part of the space economy?
A.Europe plans to produce a space tourism aircraft in 2012 to provide passengers with a 30-minute space tourism flight, and each tourist charges about 150,000 to 200,000 euros.
B.There is a wealth of energy in space, such as helium-3, which is called "super gold".As long as 100 tons, it can provide enough energy for the world to use for one year.
C.The first space hotel in the world will be completed in 2012, when space fans can spend 4 million to play a day and experience the magical feeling of watching 15 sunrises and 80 minutes traveling around the earth for a week
D.Live satellite television, satellite radio communications, fixed satellite services, mobile satellite services, global positioning, and other space activities all generate huge profits directly or indirectly

d
The arrival of human beings has indeed brought a number of challenges to some of the natural laws of the world.For example, the fruit of a plant is delicious because it needs to attract animals to bring the seeds attached to its fruits to further distances.Of course, at the same time, the fruits that are rich in nutrients are also paid for the animals that spread the seeds.This is a perfectly fair trade.However, humans must either treat the seeds in the fruits into the garbage or simply plant them in the fruit garden.
From this, it can be inferred?
A.Humans violate the laws of nature in order to transform nature
B.Fairtrade between plants and animals is always perfect
C.Humans sometimes conduct scientific research on seeds in plant fruits
D.Humans sometimes undermine the perfect fair trade-in nature

a
Spinach is available all year round, but it is better in spring.Its roots are red and green, and it is particularly delicious.The spinach listed in the spring is good for detoxification and preventing dryness.Traditional Chinese medicine believes that spinach is sweet and can nourish blood Hemostasis, constricting yin, and moistening.Spinach contains more oxalic acid, which hinders the body's absorption of calcium and iron.Therefore, when eating spinach, it should be scalded with boiling water, removed and fried.
If the following judgments are true, which one can best support the above argument?
A.Oxalic acid easily dissolves in boiling water
B.Adding a little white wine when stir-fried spinach can reduce the astringent taste of oxalic acid and increase a sense of fragrance
C.Consumption of foods containing more oxalic acid will significantly increase the content of oxalic acid in the urine, which may increase the risk of urinary stones
D.Spinach in spring is more delicious than spinach in winter

b
Some experts point out that "there is always some uncertainty in scientific conclusions, and science can never prove anything absolutely.When someone says that society should wait until scientists can be absolutely certain before taking action, this is equivalent to saying that society should never take action "For issues like climate change that can cause major disasters, inaction is our planet's adventure."
Based on this, which of the following assertions must be agreed by the above experts?
A.If we act, we will not let our planet risk
B.Only by taking action will our planet not be risked
C.Society should take action only after scientists are fully convinced
D.Society should not act if scientists cannot be absolutely sure of anything

a
It is reported that scientists have found one of the "contributors" in the liver that really clears inflammatory cells-LSECtin.LSECtin can selectively recognize activated inflammatory cells, effectively stopping them from multiplying and inhibiting them from producing inflammatory factors.Cutting-edge gene knockout technology completely removes LSECtin from the animal's body, and it is found that the number of inflammatory cells in the body will increase significantly, and inflammatory factors will also increase sharply.It is speculated that LSECtin is likely to develop into a special effect for treating liver inflammatory diseases drug.
If the following judgments are true, which one can best support the above speculation?
A.After injecting LSECtin into animals with acute hepatitis, it was found that inflammatory factors in their livers were significantly reduced
B.The liver can clear inflammatory cells that continuously circulate from the blood into the liver
C.LSECtin is the first immunoregulatory molecule to be specifically expressed in the liver to date
D.This important research result further enriches the theory of liver immunology

b
If the evolution of life has been steadily moving forward, without encountering any setbacks or providing a special opportunity, it will be very difficult to divide the geological age.The geological age can be easily identified because of what geologists call "zoological performances" "", That is, the period when species suddenly appear or disappear, we can think of these events as the gate of time-at that moment, a period usually represents a climate, giving way to a new period, a new Climate.Only three factors of change are powerful enough to open the gate of time--continental drift, galaxy collisions, and climate change dynamics such as greenhouse gases.All of these factors operate differently, but they use the same approach to promote evolution-- ─ namely death and opportunity.
From this, it can be inferred?
A.Geologists know that the geological age has not encountered any setbacks
B.Changes in climate do not necessarily lead to changes in species
C."Animal succession" is the main basis for geological dating
D.Only the continental drift can open the gate of time

a
The young Wang is a newcomer who has just arrived at a department.The director encouraged him to say, "All the young people in our unit have made great progress in their careers." The deputy director warned him: "We Some young people in the unit have not made great progress in their careers! "The section chief welcomed Xiao Wang and introduced:" All the young people in our department are hardworking and dedicated."Xiao Li, a fellow from the same department, told Xiao Wang: "Our chief is very hard-working but not very honest." After working for a while, Xiao Wang found that only one of the above four words was false.
Based on this, it can be inferred that in Xiaowang's unit?
A.Some young people are hardworking and dedicated
B.All young people are hardworking and dedicated
C.Chief is not hard-working but honest
D.The section chief is hardworking, dedicated and honest

d
Corrupt people have problems with IQ.They have not calculated the economic accounts, career accounts, and family accounts of their lives, causing economic damage, career failure, and betrayal.The incorrupt people have great wisdom, and they keep the bottom line.Although the two sleeves have a clean wind, they have won the happiness and fulfillment of life.The IQ of A is problematic, while B is of great wisdom.
From this, it can be inferred?
A.A is the corrupt, B is the incorruptible
B.A is the clean, B is the corrupt
C.A is not a corrupt person, B is not an incorruptible person
D.A is not an incorruptible person, B is not a corrupt person

c
There are a total of 18 employees in a unit.Due to the lack of scientific management, the phenomenon of unreasonable people and unreasonable distribution is very serious.The salary is only divided into two categories: higher and lower.There are many low-paid people who are not clerks.It is a little gratifying that among those who are not clerks, only a few people have high salaries; in addition, there are still clerks with low wages.Recently, Zhang He Xiao Wang left the unit, but the aforementioned structure of the unit's personnel has not changed as a result.
Based on this, it can be inferred that Xiao Zhang or Xiao Wang originally could not be in the unit?
A.High-paying clerks
B.Low-paid officers
C.Highly-paid officers
D.Low-paying clerks

a
On Teacher's Day, Xiao Bai, Xiao Huang, Xiao Lan, and Xiao Zi met with flowers of different colors on the campus.Xiao Bai looked at the flowers in everyone's hands and thought for a while, and was happy to announce what she found.Rules: (1) The colors of the four flowers are exactly the same as their four surnames, but the color of the flowers in each hand is not the same as their last name; (2) If the flowers in her hands are exchanged with Xiao Huang, or Little Blue swaps, or swaps the flowers in Xiao Lan's hands with Xiao Zi, then the color of the flowers in each hand is still different from their last name.
Based on the above statement, it can be inferred that the colors of the flowers in the first hands of Xiaobai, Xiaohuang, Xiaolan, and Xiaozi were?
A.Purple, blue, yellow, white
B.white, yellow, blue, purple
C.yellow, white, purple, blue
D.blue, purple, white, yellow

d
One unit needs to send one or two poverty alleviation workers to the countryside.After a publicity call, everyone signed up.After some consideration, the leader finally concentrated on the three candidates, Xiao Wang and Xiao Li, and reached the following consensus: (1) If Xiao Wang is selected, then Xiao Zhang will be selected; (2) Only Xiao Li is selected, Xiao Wang will not be selected; (3) If Xiao Zhang is selected, then Xiao Lee will be selected; (4) It is impossible for both Xiao Wang and Xiao Li to be selected.
From this, it can be judged?
A.Xiao Wang will be selected, but Xiao Li will not
B.Xiao Zhang will be selected, but Xiao Wang will not
C.Xiao Li will be selected, and Xiao Zhang will not
D.Xiao Li will be selected, but Xiao Wang will not

c
Organizational commitment: Refers to employees' recognition of the organization and its goals, including trust and acceptance of the organization's goals and values, willingness to contribute to the organization, and desire to maintain organizational membership.
Which of the following are not part of the organization's commitment?
A.Xiao Zheng, who works at the hotel, always keeps her clothes neat and tidy.She thinks this is both respects for guests and herself
B.After Chengmou applied to a clothing company with a poor performance, he felt obliged to help the company out of the predicament.After communication, he reached a consensus with the boss on the transition, and as a result, the new product was in short supply after it was launched.
C.Mall salesperson Xiao Li believes that it is good for work and also for himself; if you don't pay attention to your work, you don't respect yourself and you can never do it well.
D.Xiaosu of the Internet company is hardworking and enthusiastic.He feels that when the company's goals are achieved, it will be the day when his personal value is realized.

b
Similar association: Refers to the mental process of thinking about something or phenomenon similar to it from one thing or phenomenon.
Which of the following does not involve similar associations?
A.It ’s like snow, but if catkins are in the wind
B.The green hills on both sides of the strait are opposite each other, and the lone sail is coming to the sun
C.Counting plums in the corner, Ling Han opened alone.It is not snow, far away.
D.Three thousand feet of white hair, the sorrow looks like a long one.I don't know where the autumn frost is in the mirror

a
Administrative authorization means that within an administrative organization, higher authorities grant certain powers to lower administrative organs or functional agencies, so that lower departments can handle administrative affairs autonomously within a certain scope.
Which of the following is administratively authorized?
A.A municipal government requires the municipal health bureau to fully handle the epidemic situation.In an emergency, the health bureau can start an emergency plan and independently decide the steps and methods to complete the task.
B.The Party Working Committee and the Management Committee Office of a city's development zone successively issued documents listing "Xiongying" brand mineral water as one of the designated drinking water in the jurisdiction, and authorizing the townships in the jurisdiction to choose independently
C.Li, the chief of the security department of a fertilizer plant, is ill and needs to rest at home after being diagnosed by the doctor.With the consent of the factory leader, Li designated Xiaowang as the temporary head of the security department.
D.Secretary Wang of a county government office received a phone call from Director Li of the township government, claiming that thousands of ducks fed by the residents of the township had died suddenly.Suspected to be caused by bird flu, Secretary Wang entrusted Director Li to take immediate measures to avoid causing greater damage.loss

c
Green PR: Refers to the communication, communication and coordination work that the company carries out in advance to the public in order to avoid mistakes in environmental issues and cause damage to their public image.
Which of the following belongs to green PR?
A.A chemical company explains the environmental pollution caused by sewage discharge to local residents and compensates for economic losses
B.A telecommunications company organized a "Promoting Green, Passing Love" charity SMS contest to raise funds for disaster relief
C.A manufacturing company adopts urban green space and suburban woodland, which improves the company's image and public recognition
D.A food company pays attention to the plant landscape and greening work, and declares the title of "green plant area" to higher authorities.

a
Behavioral infection: refers to the process in which a group of people moves from one person to another, until a group of people acts together.
Which of the following concerns behavioral infections?
A.A person occasionally looks up at the sky.The people behind him think that there is something abnormal in the sky, and they all look up to the sky.
B.Li Dong at the meeting called on everyone to treat the factory as a home, work together to overcome difficulties, and everyone applauded in agreement.
C.College students are more pragmatic in applying for jobs, and have gone to the labor market to find opportunities
D.Lao Li and Lao Wang talked together and found that everyone was surprised by the endless stream of draft shows.

a
Social security: refers to a series of social security systems that provide material security for the basic living rights of members of society through the redistribution of national income according to certain laws and conditions.
Which of the following are not social security?
A.State grants financial subsidies to areas with lagging development
B.The society provides minimum living security for citizens
C.The state provides material assistance to people with difficulties in living
D.The society provides life security for retired employees

c
Functional illiteracy: refers to those who have received a certain education and can basically read, write, and count, but cannot identify modern information symbols, charts, cannot use computers for information exchange and management, and cannot use modern living facilities.
Which of the following does not involve functional illiteracy?
A.Professor Li will only use his mobile phone to make calls, but will not send text messages
B.Lawyer Lao Feng will not use his own stereo
C.White-collar Xiaodan is helpless about his car getting stuck in the mud
D.College student Xiao Shao doesn't know how to operate in front of bank ATM

d
Impression management: refers to the process by which a person influences others' impressions of themselves in a certain way, including social interaction with others, which is an important aspect of self-regulation.
Which of the following does not involve impression management?
A.Xiao Li did not complete the task on time, he immediately apologized to the manager and made an appropriate explanation
B.The group work plan is not smooth.Xiao Chen feels that she has little to do with this matter, so she tells the boss privately that she once opposed the plan but was rejected.
C.When the superior comes to inspect, the leader of the team, Xiao Liu, always discusses the problem with the team members.This often makes the superior feel that the team's achievements are closely related to Xiao Liu
D.Manager Cui often communicates with employees to determine whether the company is developing healthily towards the set goals so that corrective measures can be taken in a timely manner when necessary.

d
Differential pricing: refers to enterprises that use different prices for the same product produced by the enterprise according to different markets and different customers.
Which of the following does not belong to differential pricing?
A.Tourist attractions: 20% off for senior citizens, 30% off for children, 50% off for student tickets, full tickets for general customers
B.52-degree liquor produced by a winery at a wholesale price of 102 yuan per bottle and a retail price of 128 yuan per bottle
C.Electricity company adopts time-sharing pricing for residential electricity, 0.9 yuan per kilo from 6: 00 to 12: 00, 1.5 yuan per kilo from 12: 00 to 24: 00, 0.3 yuan per kilo from 0: 00 to 6: 00.
D.8GB of memory for a certain brand of mobile phone costs 4888 yuan, 1688 yuan for 5388 yuan, 32GB 6288 yuan

b
At a gala party, Xiao Li performed a Yue opera on stage and won praises.Lao Zhang said: "Xiao Li's Yue opera sings so well, it must be a southerner."
Which of the following does not mean in Zhang's words?
A.Not a Southerner, Yue opera cannot sing so well
B.Only when the Yue opera sings well is the southerner
C.As long as the Yue opera sings like Xiao Li, it is a southerner
D.Unless Xiao Li is a Southerner, her Yue opera cannot sing so well

c
Physicist Fermi once proposed a famous "Fermi paradox": assuming that there is indeed an alien intelligent life in the Milky Way, considering the ancient age of the Milky Way and other factors, they should already have visited the Earth; but the fact is, when We look up at the starry sky, and what we face is the so-called "big silence"-the universe is peaceful and silent.
If the following judgments are true, which one cannot explain the "Fermi Paradox"?
A.We may not have reached a level where we can discover alien intelligent life
B.Alien civilizations have progressed enough that we cannot observe them directly
C.Alien life has created many mysterious "UFO" events on Earth
D.Alien civilization may have reached a balance with nature and subtly integrated with the background of the galaxy

d
So far, all the enterprises in a certain township area are not high-tech enterprises.Within the county, the county investment bureau is responsible for the cooperation with foreign companies are high-tech enterprises.Last year, the county investment bureau was responsible for contacting the township A company in the jurisdiction successfully cooperated with Torres.
From this, it can be inferred?
A.Torres is a high-tech enterprise
B.Torres is not a high-tech company
C.Torres is a foreign company
D.Torres is not a foreign company

a
Today's Mars is in stark contrast to its early history.Early Mars was warmer and wetter, and perhaps then more suitable for life.Future Mars exploration will dig deeper into evidence of life, and those lives may still be on Mars.Take refuge under the ground.
Which of the following is presupposed by the above discussion?
A.Early Mars could have life
B.The surface of Mars is not suitable for any life
C.Today, Mars may still have a different living environment than the surface
D.The ice on the surface of Mars may be leftover from Mars's warm and humid environment in the early days

c
Due to the problems of high housing prices and high competition pressure in large first-tier cities, some young people who work and live in these cities in recent years have set off a wave of "escaping from Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou"-leaving large cities and returning to their hometowns Small and medium-sized cities seek development.However, the latest survey data shows that a large number of those who chose to "escape from Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou" originally chose to return to Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and other large cities to re-search for work and life opportunities.
If the following are true, which one does not explain the above phenomenon?
A.Due to the impact of the country's "purchase restriction order", housing prices in some major cities have begun to loosen
B.Most of the people returning from large cities to small and medium cities are not adapted to work and life
C.It is often more difficult to overcome in large cities than in small and medium cities
D.The infrastructure of large cities is more advantageous than that of small and medium cities

a
Do not reduce the focus on the production and management of agricultural products because of the recent fall in prices.To ensure that the prices of agricultural products do not rise, the effort should be made at the lowest price.Only at this time, to protect the enthusiasm of farmers and keep farmers from exiting Production can keep the price of agricultural products stable.
From this, it can be inferred?
A.If farmers withdraw from production, prices of agricultural products will not remain stable
B.Only by keeping farmers out of production can they protect their enthusiasm for production
C.As long as we focus on the production and management of agricultural products, we can ensure that farmers do not withdraw from the production
D.Protecting farmers' production enthusiasm is most effective only when the price of agricultural products is the lowest

b
Mei, Lan, Zhu and Ju are the four daughters of Zhang Laohan.Once, a guest asked the age of the four sisters and got different answers.Mei said: "Lan is smaller than bamboo." Lan said: "I am younger than Mei, "Bamboo said," Lan is not the third sister."Ju said," I'm the older sister."The thick old man Zhang added," The eldest daughter and the third daughter are lying, the second daughter and the youngest daughter are right."
Based on this, in order of age, it can be inferred that the four sisters are in order?
A.plum, orchid, bamboo, chrysanthemum
B.plum, orchid, chrysanthemum, bamboo
C.orchid, chrysanthemum, plum, bamboo
D.chrysanthemum, orchid, plum, bamboo

a
If purple does not represent a community, then yellow does not represent happiness; if purple represents a community, then green represents a seaport; blue is not a community or environment; purple or a community or a seaport; yellow represents happiness.Represents one of happiness, community, seaport, environment.
From this, it can be inferred?
A.Blue represents the environment
B.Blue represents the harbor
C.Purple represents the environment
D.Purple represents the harbor

d
Organizational career management: refers to a series of management methods implemented by the organization to develop employee potential and enable employees to realize self-worth.
Which of the following are not part of organizational career management?
A.One year after Xiao Zhao arrived at a company, he was assigned to Europe for inspection
B.Miner Wang was scheduled to go down for exercise on the first day of work
C.An enterprise adopts the method of rotating positions for employees in the mid-career to keep them fresh in their careers.
D.Xiao Cai in the office requested to be transferred to the marketing department, responsible for organizing a market research project

c
Reinforcement ceremony: refers to a ritual activity in which an organization publicly recognizes or rewards employees 'contributions, which has the role of motivating and strengthening employees' commitment to the organization, so that employees and the organization are firmly connected.
Which of the following belong to the strengthening ceremony?
A.New Leadership Inauguration Conference
B.Divisional adjustment work meeting
C.Advanced Debriefing Session
D.Unveiling Ceremony of New Product Launch

b
Synesthesia: refers to the psychological phenomenon caused by the change of one feeling to another.
Which of the following uses synesthesia?
A.Rows of red lanterns are hung in various shops during the festival
B.The bedroom is decorated in warm colors to make it feel warm
C.Camouflage is a military uniform commonly used by modern military
D.The invention of workplace suits helps women better integrate into the work environment

a
Occupation socialization: refers to the process by which individuals choose occupations according to social needs, master the knowledge and skills to engage in a certain occupation, or update knowledge and retrain skills after engaging in a certain occupation.
Which of the following is professional socialization?
A.Xiao Zhang is a technical worker in a certain unit.When he sees that there is an urgent need for translation talents in many fields, it is convenient to study in his spare time.After obtaining a translation qualification, he leaves to work for another company
B.Xiao Liu was assigned to a car class after joining the army and learned superb car repair skills.After retiring, he opened a repair shop by himself.
C.Li, an accountant, loves cooking and took a training class in his spare time to learn about nutrition and improve cooking skills.
D.Xiao Chen accumulated a wealth of knowledge and experience while raising children, and then opened a kindergarten on the advice of friends

c
Social risk: refers to the risk of loss of social production and people's lives due to the behavior of individuals or groups.
Which of the following are not social risks?
A.Theft
B.Robbery
C.Freezing
D.Negligence

c
Green Consumption: It is a collective name for various consumption behaviors and consumption modes that meet the needs of the ecology, take health and protection of the environment as its basic content, and meet human health and environmental protection standards.
Which of the following does not belong to green consumption?
A.Biking
B.Idle item exchange
C.Deforestation of deforested trees
D.Use low energy consumption air conditioners

d
Brewing effect: refers to the phenomenon that "the problem has not been solved, and a satisfactory answer is unexpectedly obtained after a period of time."
Which of the following does not involve brewing effects?
A.Mountains and rivers have no doubt, Liu An Hua Ming You Yi Village
B.Looking back, the man was in the midst of the lights
C.Stepping on iron shoes and finding nowhere, no effort is required
D.Two sentences in three years, one tear and one tear

a
Some Zisha pots are alive, so some living things are of good or bad quality.
If the following judgments are true, which one can best strengthen the above argument?
A.Zisha pots are of good or bad quality
B.Some clay pots are lifeless
C.There is no good or bad quality in the purple sand pot
D.Some living things are not purple pots

d
In the past, in order to eat assured vegetables, many consumers like to buy vegetables with insect eyes, they think that such vegetables have not been pesticide-protected, because if they are pesticide-proof, insects will definitely not eat such vegetables.Most consumers have changed their minds.
If the following judgments are true, which one can explain the change in consumer perceptions?
A.Vegetables have bug eyes, indicating that the bug has eaten vegetables
B.If the worm will eat a certain vegetable, the vegetable must not have been pesticides
C.If the vegetables are pesticides, the bugs will not eat
D.Vegetables with insect eyes may also be pesticides, because pesticides can be sprayed after insects

b
Aunt Zhang and Li Laohan sell melon seeds in the same market.Aunt Zhang always uses the flavor to stir-fry the melon seeds, but Li Laohan never uses the flavor to fry the melon seeds.It turns out that the melon seeds fried with the essence are not easy to sell.
From this, it can be inferred?
A.Aunt Zhang's seeds may sell well
B.Aunt Zhang's seeds may not sell well
C.Li Old Man's seeds must sell
D.Old man's seeds may not sell well

d
For the effective detection of genetically modified components of plants, the necessary condition is that the breeder provides sufficient and complete information to the test subject.If the test subject and the breeder are within the jurisdiction of the national government, the breeder provides sufficient and complete information to the test subject It is a controllable operation process within the country's sovereignty; but if the breeder and the tester belong to different countries, especially when the technical ability of the breeder is ahead of the tester, it is difficult for the tester to ask the breeder to provide the seed Full and complete information.
From this, it can be inferred?
A.Effective detection of genetically modified ingredients in plants is an impossible task
B.If the breeder can provide sufficient and complete information, the plant can be effectively tested for genetically modified ingredients
C.The breeder and tester of a certain plant belong to different countries, and it is easier to test the genetic composition of the plant
D.If the plant can be effectively tested for genetically modified ingredients, the breeder has provided the test subject with sufficient and complete information

c
History is a mirror.From the 1960s to the 1970s, the earth was undergoing a baptism of cooling.At that time, a "cooling theory" was prevailing internationally.The world was facing a small ice age and the temperature would continue to drop.In response to this "cooling theory", governments at the time did not take action to slow down or prevent continued cooling.Now, the international community is popular with the global climate "warming theory", what should we do? If a little action was taken to raise the global temperature, it is hard to tell whether it is credit or fault.Science obviously cannot be promoted by any form of "consensus", but should be based on objective and serious research.
Based on this, can you judge?
A.Nowadays the global "warming theory" is more truthful than "cooling theory"
B.The international community should not take any action to slow or stop the global warming theory
C.For global climate change, further objective and serious scientific research is needed
D.If scientists and politicians reach a consensus within a certain range, they can advance science

b
Kong, Zhuang and Yang are the chiefs, deputy chief and section chief of a certain unit.It can be confirmed that Zhuang has not visited Changjiang Village for investigation so far; although Yang has not visited Changjiang Village, he has investigated this matter Have discussed with the director; the section chief has visited the Changjiang Village for many times and wrote a special investigation report.
Based on this, it can be inferred that the people who held the positions of director, deputy director, and section chief were in that order?
A.Kong, Yang, Zhuang
B.Zhuang, Yang, Kong
C.Yang, Zhuang, Kong
D.Kong, Zhuang, Yang

d
The personnel system of a certain unit stipulates that only at the end of the day can you get the Attendance Award or Year-end Award only if you perform well in time and do not arrive late and leave early.
Which of the following conditions reflects a violation of the unit's personnel system?
A.Lao Wu performed positively in the unit, did not arrive late and leave early throughout the year, but did not receive the year-end award at the end of the year
B.Xiao Li was late three times throughout the year due to traffic jams, and the unit decided not to give him an attendance award
C.Old Zhang usually performs well, never arrives late and leaves early, and the unit gave him a year-end award at the end of the year.
D.Xiao Wang left early and was found by the leader.The attendance award was gone, but he still got the year-end award.

a
Lateral thinking: refers to a way of thinking that uses the knowledge and information in other fields to solve problems side by side.
Which of the following is lateral thinking?
A.When a doctor solved the problem of how to detect a person's pleural effusion, he thought of his own wine merchant's method of knocking a vat and selling wine, and invented a percussion
B.Compared with similar products, a certain sauce has a higher concentration and thicker but has a poor market.The distribution company believes that the product is more nutritious and the taste is purer.No.1 in its class
C.When the workers' congress discusses the relevant clauses, people sometimes collectively silence for a long time, but then they are unanimously adopted.
D.In the course of attacking the enemy's 101 positions in the first line, a hard bone battalion of the People's Liberation Army saw the enemy's frontal fire was very fierce.

c
Synaesthesia: When describing objective things, use image language to transfer sensations, to interweave different senses such as human hearing, vision, smell, taste, touch, etc.
Does the following description use synaesthesia?
A.Under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, the Chinese people defeated the reactionaries with Xiaomi plus rifles
B.Farmers say: You can infer that this year is a bumper year when you see such a bright green seedling
C.When Fang thinks his girlfriend isn't laughing, there seems to be a smile on his face, like the aftermath of the sound of the air after the music stops.
D.Thousands of eyes are staring at you, waiting to see your joke

a
Perspective conversion: Observe and think about the same thing or phenomenon from different angles, and gain new understanding.
Which of the following best reflects perspective conversion?
A.When viewed horizontally, it becomes a peak on the ridge side, with different heights.
B.Mountain heavy waters no doubt, Liu An Hua Ming You Yi Village
C.Stepping on iron shoes and finding nowhere, no effort is required
D.The people searched for thousands of Baidus and looked back, but the man was in the middle of the lights

b
Price competition: According to the market conditions, enterprises can compete with competitors for market share by adopting measures such as price increase, maintenance or reduction, or taking measures such as pricing and price adjustment according to the situation of competitors.
Which of the following does not belong to price competition?
A.During the New Year's Day of a certain brand of clothing, sales of old down jackets are discounted at counters in major shopping malls
B.A manufacturer hires a salesperson to distribute leaflets and souvenirs to attract customers in downtown
C.A brand of the car launched a new model, the same series of old cars sharply reduced prices
D.An insurance company launched a one-time purchase of a small discount insurance business in response to the increase in private car users

a
Market concentration: refers to the degree of concentration of an industry in the market structure.It is used to measure the difference in the number and relative size of enterprises.It is an important quantitative indicator of market power.
Which of the following phenomena are relatively low market concentration?
A.Pastry shops can be found near most markets in a city
B.There are a large number of leather shoe manufacturers in a certain place
C.Manufacturers of daily electronic products are mostly located in the Pearl River Delta and the Yangtze River Delta
D.Qingyan Village near a small commodity market occupies a considerable share in the online retail market

c
Institutionalization procedure: refers to the process by which people internalize and habitual certain behavior patterns and behavioral norms.It is expressed as certain social life norms, customs, and rituals, so that when people appear in a certain social role, they consciously The phenomenon of unconsciously acting in accordance with this mode of behavior and norms.
Which of the following are not part of the institutionalization process?
A.Schools raise the national flag on time every day
B.Research Secretary, Xiao Li, takes notes even without request
C.After retiring, Zhang often recalls all the chores at work
D.A respected main sacrifice is selected from the village every year to host the event.

b
Our country is accelerating into the automobile society.Once upon a time, the Chinese regarded driving a car as a mythical thing.However, it was unexpected that in the past ten years or more, tens of thousands of cars had entered the home of ordinary people.Some experts pointed out What follows is not the rapid improvement in our quality, but the rapid decline in the quality of life.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion?
A.Automobile exhaust has exacerbated air pollution.In recent years, more and more haze days have occurred in some areas of China.
B.Road congestion and air pollution caused by too many cars are seriously haunting our daily lives
C.The use and maintenance of private cars requires a lot of costs, reducing other aspects of household consumption
D.Drivers must have enough awareness of environmental protection.

c
The situation of employees in a scientific research institution is that not all engineers are graduate students, and all engineers are male.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived? ?
A.Some men are not engineers
B.Some male graduate students are not engineers
C.Some graduate students are male
D.Some graduate students are women

c
After hard work, four high-quality middle school students including A.B, C, and D were admitted to 4 prestigious universities such as Peking University, Tsinghua University, Nanjing University, and Southeast University.In early September, A.C, B, and D respectively went Two different cities went to school.Known: (1) A did not attend Peking University.(2) B did not attend Tsinghua University.(3) C did not attend Nanjing University.(4) D did not attend Southeast University.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived? ?
A.A did not attend Tsinghua University
B.B did not attend Peking University
C.C did not attend Southeast University
D.Ding did not attend Peking University

d
Some philosophers point out that life should actually pursue two simplicity: the simplicity of material life and the simplicity of interpersonal relationships.With this two simplicity, the mind has a vast space and a beautiful tranquility.However, most modern people are in These two aspects are very complicated.The material life is the infinite pursuit of wealth, and the interpersonal relationship is the endless entanglement of interests.The two occupy almost the entire space of life.With these two kinds of complexity, modern people have Most troubles.
According to the philosopher's point of view, which of the following can be derived? ?
A.The mind of most modern people either has no expansive space or no wonderful tranquility
B.Some modern people have complicated lives, but they have the vastness and tranquility of their hearts
C.Only when it is simple in material life or interpersonal relationship, most of the troubles of modern people will not arise
D.If it is simple in both material life and interpersonal relationships, most of the troubles of modern people will not arise

b
Xiao Zhang, Xiao Wang, Xiao Li, and Xiao Zhao of a certain unit work in the personnel office.In the work, all four of them have fulfilled their duties and performed well.At the end of this year, the personnel office needs to recommend two comrades to participate in the "outstanding employees" of this year After deliberation, the final recommended candidates in the office are Xiao Zhang and Xiao Li.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.There are at least 2 "excellent employees" in the personnel department this year
B.There are at most 2 "excellent employees" of the personnel department this year
C.At least one "outstanding employee" of the personnel department this year
D.There are actually 4 "excellent employees" in the personnel department this year

c
As long as they are scratched or bitten by animals such as cats and dogs, they must go to the hospital for vaccination with rabies within 24 hours, regardless of whether or not they are bleeding.Don't be lucky.Cats and dogs are the most agitated in summer and most likely to bite people.It is also easy to be bitten by firecrackers during the period.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived? ?
A.If you are scratched by a cat or dog but there is no bleeding, do not go to the hospital for rabies vaccine
B.Don't go to the hospital to get rabies vaccine if you are bitten by a dog that doesn't have rabies virus
C.If it is not necessary to go to the hospital to inject rabies vaccine, you must not have been scratched or bitten by the animal
D.If you haven't been to the hospital to get rabies vaccine, you must not have been scratched or bitten by the animal

b
A placard at the entrance of a forest farm clearly stated: "It is forbidden to destroy the forest! Offenders are fine!" One day, nearby villager Yang went to the forest to cut a tree and was found by the forest farm ranger Zhang as he was going down the mountain Zhang not only criticized Yang, but also imposed fines on Yang.Yang was not convinced, and the two sides started a fierce argument.Yang said that I cut a tree and not a forest, and you should not punish me.
Which of the following is Zhang's most logical rebuttal?
A.Anyone who breaks the forest will be fined.A tree you cut is also a forest.
B.Chopping a tree is destroying the forest, and anyone who destroys the forest must be fined.
C.I'm a forest ranger, and whoever doesn't protect the forest will be fined.
D.Protecting the forest is about education, and fines are not our goal

b
Mom makes breakfast for her primary school son every morning.There are 5 types of breakfast that mom can make: noodles, dumplings, porridge, egg fried rice, pancakes, etc., but every day she only makes one of them for her son.Known: (1 ) It's easier to make noodles, twice a week, twice every 3 days in a week.(2) The porridge is made one day before or one day after the first noodles, and only once a week.(3) Make Dumplings are also made only once a week, but this time is any day before the second time to make noodles.(4) Egg fried rice is also limited to one time, and the time is 4 days apart from the day when the first time the noodles are made.(5 ) There was a time when making pancakes before making noodles for the first time.
Assuming Monday is the first day of the week, which of the following can be derived from the above statement?
A.Making porridge on Monday
B.Making noodles on Tuesday
C.Making dumplings on Thursday
D.Making pancakes on Sunday

d
Due to work needs, a certain unit decided to select 4 people from its unit (Xiao Wang, Xiao Li, Xiao Sun) and 5 men (Xiao Zhang, Xiao Jin, Xiao Wu, Xiao Meng, Xiao Yu) to set up negotiations.The group participates in an important negotiation, and the selection conditions are as follows: (1) The group members must have both women and men.(2) Xiao Zhang and Xiao Wang cannot be selected.(3) Xiao Li and Xiao Sun cannot be selected.4) If you choose Xiaoyu, don't choose Xiaowu.
If Xiao Zhang must be selected, which of the following can be obtained? ?
A.If you choose Xiao Wu, choose Xiao Yu
B.If you choose Xiaojin, choose Xiaomeng
C.Either Xiaoyu or Xiaomeng
D.Either Xiaoli or Xiaosun

c
Albino phenomenon: refers to the phenomenon that under normal circumstances, plants cannot form chlorophyll due to certain internal factors.
Which of the following is albino?
A.After a few years of contamination in a certain place, people from time to time will find a white snake that has never appeared before contamination.
B.A farmer in a certain place found that the leaves of the local sunflower turned white, which was never found before the chemical plant was built.
C.Somewhere in the main corn-producing area for generations.Every year, some leaves of corn are found to have local white spots due to heredity.
D.Someone got a disease more than a decade ago and hasn't healed yet, and his skin, hair, and even eyebrows have all turned white.

a
Shadowless lamp effect: refers to a holistic mechanism formed by the interaction of many factors, which can reduce the incompleteness or shortcomings of a problem to a minimum, or even disappear, and finally make this problem well resolved.
Which of the following are not the shadowless effect?
A.In 2012, the number of Chinese Internet users exceeded 500 million.More and more people used Internet media to fully obtain and disseminate information.Information and public opinion have also been more widely distributed in three dimensions.China is forming a transparent information space and public opinion.
B.In order to form an effective mechanism for a vigorous green ecological civilization and fully concentrate the wisdom of the people, a city has set up a civic supervision committee, a civic hearing, and an environmental protection organization, so that the general public can better advise and play a supervisory role.
C.In order to prevent doctors from taking medical rebates, a province has set up a special patient complaint hotline for patients in various hospitals.
D.In order to manage the private use of public buses, a local government takes photos of the suspected cars at any time and sends them to

c
Information cocoon room: It means that people will be habitually guided by their interests in the field of information, and will eventually restrain themselves, like a cocoon, and eventually end up in their own cocoon room.
Which of the following does not belong to the information cocoon room?
A.Wage earner Ms.Wang likes online shopping, and all kinds of online goods purchased in a year are filled with a room.
B.Ms.Li is a Weibo control.No matter where she goes, she must take pictures with her mobile phone and upload them to her Weibo.
C.Junior Xiao Xu often uses the campus network or social networking sites to search and exchange learning and entertainment materials.
D.A man spends his evening time at the End of the World community, browsing various forum posts and leaving messages.

d
Humor appeals to ads: refers to the use of humorous fun to dilute the direct utilitarian nature of advertising, reduce people's rebellious psychology towards advertising, and enable consumers to accept certain business or cultural information in a relaxed and happy way.
Which of the following are humorous ads?
A.The electronic screen in a shopping mall: Are you still worried about the number cards in your hand? This mall has launched a new mobile phone.One mobile phone is equipped with three number cards at the same time, and the mobile phone is also provided free of charge, eliminating the trouble of carrying multiple mobile phones.
B.A TV car advertisement: 0 kilometers of worldly fuel consumption can also be 200 kilometers! Use clean energy to get rid of the pressure of carbon emissions on the world; use advanced technology to stimulate energy efficiency in the store, and control the surging passion in the wind and electricity; wireless charging through the induction ground electromagnetic field, no one is restrained.
C."Humor" column of a certain magazine: A customer was furious with the salesperson: "Since I used the hair shampoo I bought from you, my hair has all come off!" Salesperson: "Not at all good, sir.Want If you want to grow new hair, you have to make room first."
D.Electronic screen of a certain mountain highway: You drive a car with a speed of no more than 30 kilometers per hour and can enjoy the beautiful scenery of the local area; if you exceed 60 kilometers, please visit the court; if you exceed 80 kilometers, please visit the local hospital with the latest equipment; 100 kilometers, I wish you rest in peace.

a
Social stereotype: refers to the fixed views people hold on people in different social groups, which are generally general and general, and are not all well-founded.
Which of the following are social stereotypes
A.Xiao Li is from Hunan.Even though she doesn't eat spicy food, when they get to dinner, colleagues think she can eat spicy food.
B.After suffering many setbacks, Xiao Wang has insufficient self-confidence, is very dissatisfied with his environment, and even has an aversion.
C.Xiao Zhao, who had lived in Nanjing since he was a child, was very uncomfortable with Beijing's climate when he first arrived in Beijing.
D.The development of the Internet has changed the way people communicate, and paper letters gradually fade out of people's vision.

b
Over-exploration behavior: refers to the curiosity of interest that does not decrease with increasing familiarity with new things, but continues unabated, resulting in the destruction of obsessed things.
Which of the following are over-explored behaviors?
A.Xiao Hou loves toy remote control cars.And he is not allowed to touch every time.Even the most prestigious mother cannot touch it, otherwise, he will cry.
B.Xiao Nan is more and more fond of small aero models, and he has to repeatedly play with them one by one every day.There are already 4 different types of small aero models on his bed.
C.Xiaobao is fascinated by Rubik's Cube.Every time he eats, he must adjust the side of the Rubik's Cube to the same color.On several occasions, he has dropped the rice cubes on the Rubik's Cube.
D.Beckham, 3 years old, sometimes needs to play solid balls printed with Mickey Mouse patterns, and also needs parents to talk about Mickey Mouse playing, and sometimes he wants to see talking parrots.

d
Micro-emergency event refers to an event that occurs in a small area, and after the parties or others disclose it on the Internet and other media, it has a relatively large social response.
Which of the following are not micro-emergency events?
A.When an official participated in an engineering ribbon-cutting event, a photo of his wearing a precious watch was posted on Weibo by netizens, causing widespread concern in the society.
B.In May 2010, when a college student uploaded a cartoon, he said, "Is this the Tianzhu? Do n’t give it to you! We are old and wet!" In the headline of the People's Daily.
C.At the end of 2012, the beggar Zhou Mou was holding a lost property near a shopping mall to find the owner of the wallet.After the passerby Yu found it, he took a photo and posted it on Weibo.Someone's behavior is appreciated.
D.On November 25, 2012, the F-15 carrier-based aircraft successfully took off and landed on China's first aircraft carrier "Liaoning Ship", causing heated discussions in the world's major media.

d
Reduction: It is not direct in the process of solving a problem, but transforming, transforming, resolving a problem, or a problem that is easy to solve, and then returning to find the solution to the original problem.
Which of the following does not belong to reduction?
A.Xiao Zhang obtained the internal angle sum of the polygon by decomposing the polygon into several triangles.
B.Xiao Wu was awkward with Xiao Wen.Xiao Wu wanted to apologize and couldn't let go, and told Xiao Cai the cause and effect, and asked Xiao Cai to explain to Xiao Wen.After Xiao Cai explained, Xiao Wu greeted Xiao Wen, and the two made peace.As always.
C.Xiao Li and Xiao Jiang have very different methods for solving the same type of problem.Xiao Li first studied special situations and finally solved one problem, while Xiao Jiang first solved general problems and then studied special situations.
D.Xiao Zhao adopted the principle of easy first and then difficult, and quickly completed a lot of physical assignments assigned by the teacher.

d
Same city effect: It means that different areas in adjacent areas or larger areas can play an important role and linkage effect with each other.The same city effect is a new trend of urban modernization.
Which of the following belong to the same city effect?
A.A very common phenomenon in Europe is that many residents often work and live in a different city, and they are very convenient to travel by train, work happily, and live a happy life.
B.In the Yangtze River Delta region, a county-level city proposed a "cultural rise" strategy, forming an important strategic fulcrum centered on a famous historical and cultural town and a thousand acres of lakes.
C.After the opening of a Shinkansen, due to the reduced space cost and no advantages, the resources of characteristic cities were absorbed to places with higher returns, resulting in uneven development in some areas.
D.A city government uses its advantages in resources and location to find the industry positioning, optimize the industrial structure, and highlight the characteristics of the region's industrial development.It has been integrated into the provincial capital economic circle in just two years.

c
Biological disaster: refers to the harm or injury to workers caused when handling microbial pathogens or materials containing microbial pathogens and individuals infected with them.
Which of the following is a biological disaster?
A.Water hyacinth reproduces very quickly.A large number of water hyacinths cover the river surface, which easily causes water quality to deteriorate and affect the growth of underwater organisms.Water hyacinths have appeared in Dianchi Lake and Taihu Lake.
B.In nature, humans and various animals and plants are interdependent, but once the balance is lost, disasters will follow.Birds and snakes in a certain place are hunted in large numbers, resulting in flooding of rats.
C.Due to the abuse of antibiotics, general bacteria have developed drug resistance.After the structure of the manager has mutated, it has become more difficult to treat and become a super germ.In Europe alone, more than 20,000 people are infected every year.knockdown.
D.Due to the drought, the locust plague began to spread, and large swaths of reeds were eaten up by locusts, and swarms of locusts that have not yet grown wings are approaching the nearby grassy beaches and farmland.

b
The waste of life, whether it is a waste of time or a waste of material wealth, means that something does not show the value it should play, and it means that our labor and creation do all or part of the useless work.Therefore, in essence, That said, waste is not necessarily related to economic development and prosperity, it is just a bad habit of life that should be completely changed.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Waste is ubiquitous in life, but it is difficult to change the bad habits of waste
B."China on the Tip of the Tongue" Should Not Appear "Waste on the Tip of the Tongue"
C.Only when the economy develops and the life is rich can waste be possible
D.If part of our labor is drifting, it means there is a waste

d
If the driving license is revoked due to driving or operating a motor vehicle after drinking alcohol, or a drunk driving motor vehicle has been revoked in accordance with the law, it shall not be re-applied within 5 years; if the driving license has been revoked according to law due to a drunk driving vehicle, it shall not be reapplied within 10 years; In the event of a major traffic accident driving a motor vehicle and constituting a crime, a driver's license cannot be applied for life.
According to the above regulations, which of the following can be learned?
A.Someone who drives a motor vehicle after drinking alcohol has been revoked a driving license according to law, and cannot reapply for 5 years
B.A person who is drunk driving a motor vehicle and whose driving license has been revoked in accordance with the law cannot reapply for 10 years
C.Someone who drives a motor vehicle after drinking a major traffic accident and cannot apply for a driving license within 10 years
D.Someone who is drunk driving a motor vehicle and commits a major traffic accident constitutes a crime and must not apply for a driving license for life

b
Most ordinary people dislike officials' official rhetoric, such as "highly value", "personally ask questions", "research", etc.Without official rhetoric, some officials feel that they have nothing to say or have a sense of superiority.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Some people go to the government to do things and do not object to officials "in person"
B.Some people are disgusted when they hear officials say "research"
C.When talking about "highly valued", some officials will strengthen their sense of superiority
D.If the official speech is continuous, it is usually a mantra

d
According to research, by the end of 2013, global Internet users will reach 2.7 billion, equivalent to 39% of the global population.There is a large difference in Internet use between developed and developing countries.By the end of 2013, 77% of residents in developed countries will use the Internet, while only 31% of residents in developing countries use the Internet.Europe is the region with the highest proportion of Internet users, reaching 75%, far exceeding the Asia-Pacific region (32%) and Africa (16%).
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Internet users in developed countries exceed developing countries
B.The Asia Pacific has more Internet users than Africa
C.The UK has more Internet users than Japan
D.The proportion of Internet users in developing countries is lower than global

d
After hard work, A.B, C and D four middle school students with excellent academic qualifications were admitted to four prestigious universities of Peking University, Tsinghua University, Nanjing University, and Southeast University.In early September, A.C, B, and D respectively went to two Different cities went to school.Known: (1) A did not attend Peking University; (2) B did not attend Tsinghua University; (3) C did not attend Nanjing University; (4) D did not attend Southeast University.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.A did not attend Tsinghua University
B.B did not attend Peking University
C.C did not attend Southeast University
D.Ding did not attend Peking University

d
Fragmented learning: It means that learners accumulate or acquire knowledge and information in a bit-by-bit manner.
Which of the following are not fragmented learning?
A.When Mom drives Xiaomin to school, Xiaomin often reads villain books
B.Pony strictly implements his own learning plan, remembers 5 idioms a day, reads an article
C.A certain brand of mobile phone has just been released, Xiao Liu queues up at the store overnight, while queuing to read Mo Yan's `` Frog ''
D.In order to complete a paper, Xiao Gu spends several hours consulting relevant literature every night

d
Jonah complex: Refers to the fear of success that people will achieve, leading them to be afraid to do what they could do well, or even to escape their potential.
Which of the following belong to the Jonah complex?
A.Xiao Zhang Lizhi wants to be admitted to a prestigious university.To this end, he made a plan and studied hard.After three years, he finally achieved his wish and was admitted to his favorite university.
B.Xiao Wang will pass all the way in the ping-pong competition to enter the final, but in the final, the tactics did not play well and he lost the game by a 3: 4 score.
C.Xiao Lu was eloquent, responded quickly, and had a wide range of knowledge.He had been selected into the school debate team to participate in the TV debate.As the season approached, Xiao Lu became more nervous and applied to withdraw from the game just before the game.
D.Xiao Lu has studied a certain issue for many years, and after writing a paper, he would like to vote for a certain publication and may be rejected.In the end, he voted for that publication.

d
Reduction: It means that the way to solve the problem is not direct, but to transform, transform, and turn it into a solved problem, or an easily solved problem, and then return to find the solution to the original problem.
Which of the following does not belong to reduction?
A.Xiao Zhang obtained the sum of the internal angles of the polygon by decomposing the polygon into several triangles.
B.Xiao Wu was awkward with Xiao Wen.Xiao Wu wanted to apologize and couldn't let go, and told Xiao Cai the cause and effect.He asked Xiao Cai to explain to Xiao Wen.After Xiao Cai explained, Xiao Wu greeted Xiao Wen actively.People reconcile
C.Xiao Li and Xiao Jiang have very different methods for solving the same type of problem.Xiao Li first studied special situations and finally solved general problems, while Xiao Jiang first solved general problems and then studied special situations.
D.Xiao Zhao adopted the principle of easy first and then difficult, and quickly completed a lot of physical assignments assigned by the teacher.

b
Blue Ocean strategy: refers to crossing the existing competition boundary, shifting the focus to buyer demand, screening and reordering the buyer's value elements in different markets, and changing from a positioning choice under a given structure to changing the market structure itself.
which of the following are blue ocean strategies?
A.An enterprise integrates innovation and utility, price and cost, and compares with the best practices of existing industries to catch up with competitors.It aims at "high-end" or "low-end" customers in the existing market, and market segments meet customer preferences.
B.A circus has turned from a child audience of traditional circus to adults and business people, expressing the plot of the theater in the form of a circus, attracting people to enjoy this unprecedented entertainment with a ticket several times higher than the traditional circus.
C.An enterprise faced the current situation of turbid water and poor nutrition in the industry circle, and decided to build its own "shark prevention net".Everyone participates in market competition and strives to "stand up chicken flocks" within one year.
D.An enterprise attaches great importance to the existing competition in the market space, and competes for a price reduction in sales.Although it has increased the cost of sales or reduced profits, it has achieved efficiency

a
Straw effect: Refers to the use of a straw to suck the juice in the cup, so that all the juice around the tube can be sucked.For example, implanting a "straw" in a certain area can gather resources and cause obvious regional effects.
Which of the following are not part of the straw effect?
A.The common sense of petroleum prospecting is that the standard distance between the two mining areas is one hundred meters.China has now explored eight oil and gas fields in the East China Sea, including the "Bajiaoting" new oil and gas field.
B.Urban functions are shifting to the south, and the property prices of Panyu Zhongcun near the new railway station, Pingzhou, Sanshan, and Shunde in the South China Sea have all been pushed up.
C.Xiqiao Town integrates the resources of the industrial park in the town.With its strong foundation in the textile industry, it establishes the main attack direction of textile characteristics, guides the textile enterprise from extensive to intensive, and implements cluster development.
D.Within a few years, let the prosperity of the modern service industry be matched with convenient transportation methods.The two are "two in one" and become a prosperous place for capital flows.

b
Dolphins are smaller whales, with a total of 62 species, distributed in all oceans in the world.Dolphins are generally 1.2 to 10 meters in length and 45 to 9,000 kg in weight.They mainly feed on small fish, squid, shrimp, and crab.They like to discuss "Collective" life, ranging from a few to a few hundred.Dolphins are a superb and intelligent marine mammal.
Based on the above statement, which of the following conclusions can be drawn? ?
A.Dolphin is a smaller mammal
B.Some clever mammals live in the sea
C.At least 62 types of mammals in the ocean
D.Dolphins are empathetic and can imitate human actions

d
Bicycle wheels are turning again in China.Nowadays, among young people in China, the lifestyle of cycling is popular.This fashion has moved many foreign well-known international bicycle manufacturers.They are very optimistic about the Chinese market and have come to China.Open a store to sell their bikes.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the views of these well-known foreign bicycle manufacturers?
A.In general, bicycles are cheaper than cars, and most people in China can afford them
B.China's bicycle ownership accounts for about the world's average-at least 470 million
C.With the increase of people's "green" awareness, low-carbon and environmentally friendly cycling will become the life choice of more people
D.Foreign well-known brand bicycles are expensive in China, exceeding the affordability of the average Chinese

b
PM2.5 refers to tiny particles with a diameter of fewer than 2.5 microns (less than 1/20 of the hair strand) in the atmosphere.Their size allows them to penetrate into the lungs of the human body, causing serious harm to human respiratory health.In recent years, China In the central and eastern regions, large-scale and long-term haze weather has occurred, and the PM2.5 index has risen in many places.In response, a city has introduced measures such as vehicle single and double number restrictions to deal with air pollution.In favor of such a vehicle restriction measure, it is believed that this approach has little impact on the decline of the city's PM2.5 index and cannot fundamentally change the state of air pollution in the city.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the opinion of the above experts?
A.Vehicle exhaust is one of the important causes of air pollution in this city
B.Relative to industrial pollution, the impact of vehicle exhaust on air pollution is small
C.The rise of the PM2.5 index in this city is mainly caused by the impact of air pollution in other regions
D.Citizens in the city strongly urge the government to strengthen the management of smog weather

b
Chinese writer Mo Yan's literary works have caused the hidden Chinese countryside to attract the attention of the world's readers, and have been recognized by the international literary world.This proves once again that only nationalities are the worlds.
Based on this judgment, can it be launched?
A.The more national, the more global
B.Not national, not the world
C.As long as it is national, it is world
D.Only the world is national

b
If Xiao Li travels to Yunnan by train or plane, Xiao Zhang will go with him, as long as Xiao Li does not take the train to Yunnan, Xiao Wang will travel with him.In fact, Xiao Zhang has been hiding in a small school in Jiangnan recently The town is writing and doesn't want to go out behind closed doors.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived? ?
A.Xiao Li travels with Xiao Zhang
B.Xiao Li travels with Xiao Wang
C.Xiao Li takes a train to Yunnan
D.Xiaoli took a plane to Yunnan

d
When you are most angry, the way to prevent yourself from making regrets is to hold yourself back for 3 seconds, and then think about why the other person is doing this, and then think about your mistakes.If there is still anger, you can't find it for a while The person who talked out wrote it down with a pen.In such a process, you slowly calm down, and you can take a breath, which will save you a hundred days from worry.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived? ?
A.When you are most angry, you should first reflect on your mistakes, and then think about the reasons for your behavior
B.When you are most angry, let yourself hold for 3 seconds and reflect on possible mistakes
C.When you are still angry, if you can get used to talking to others, you can keep your life happy
D.When you still have anger, if you want to calm down slowly, you may need to talk about writing

b
A placard at the entrance of a forest farm clearly reads "Forbidden to destroy the forest! Offenders are fine!" One day, a nearby villager Yang went to the forest to cut a tree and was found by the forest farm ranger Zhang as he was going down the mountain.Zhang not only criticized Yang, but also imposed fines on Yang.Yang refused to accept it, and the two sides started a fierce argument.Yang said that I cut a tree and not a forest, and you should not punish me.
Which of the following is Zhang's most logical rebuttal?
A.A fine is required to destroy the forest, and a tree you cut is also a forest
B.Cutting a tree is destroying the forest.
C.I'm a forest ranger, and whoever doesn't protect the forest will be fined.
D.Destruction of forests is about education, and fines are not our goal

a
Dual-core family: refers to the fact that both spouses were the "core" (only children) in their families before marriage, and they did not know that they should act in a "non-core" manner after marriage, so two "cores" appeared in the family.
Which of the following belong to dual-core families?
A.The newly-married Wang and Liu still have the stubborn personality of the only child and refuse to give up
B.During the Chinese New Year, the couples invited their brothers and sisters to reunite at home.
C.Xiao Wang and Xiao Li are both only children.After the two set up a family, the husband and wife sang with each other and treated each other as guests.
D.Xiao Xu feels a bit depressed and unhappy about the beauty of Jiao's wife, and the sweetness of the wedding is gradually diminishing.

d
Reduction: It means that the way to solve a problem is not direct, but to deform and transform the problem until it is reduced to a certain problem (s) that have been resolved, or it is easy to solve and then return to find the original problem Solution.
Which of the following does not belong to reduction?
A.Xiao Zhang obtained the sum of the internal angles of the polygon by decomposing the polygon into several triangles.
B.Xiao Wu was awkward with Xiao Wen.Xiao Wu wanted to apologize and couldn't let go, and told Xiao Cai the cause and effect.Xiao Cai explained to Xiao Wen.After Xiao Cai explained, Xiao Wu greeted Xiao Wen, and the two were as good as ever.
C.Xiao Li and Xiao Jiang have very different methods to solve the same type of problem.Xiao Li first studies special problems and then general problems, while Xiao Jiang first solves general problems and then studies special situations.
D.Xiao Zhao adopted the principle of easy first and then difficult, and quickly completed a lot of physical assignments assigned by the teacher.

a
Flexible talent introduction: It refers to adapting to the requirements for the socialization of talents, breaking the constraints in the flow of talents such as nationality, household registration, status, and personnel relations, and adapting to the market economy and the socialization of talents without changing and affecting the personnel relations between the talents and their units The required government guidance, market regulation, contract management of talent recruitment methods for non-local household registration talents.
Which of the following are the flexible introduction of talents?
A.In order to further improve the construction level and strength of a university, Professor Chen of Peking University is hired as an adjunct professor.Professor Chen will come to the university to teach every semester.
B.Professor Zhang is an expert at a university.When the computer school of the university applied for a national experimental base project, it also introduced the research results of the professor.
Professor C.Li is a well-known expert at home and abroad.A school has vigorously introduced Professor Li, not only arranging the work of his family members, but also solving the work problems of his children.
D.In the financial turmoil in 2008, Mr.Sun gave up his job in the United States and returned to Beijing to become an executive of a department store group

b
Natural pollutants refer to environmental pollutants caused by natural reasons, as opposed to artificial pollutants.Natural pollutants exceeding a certain amount may also cause environmental pollution.
Which of the following are not natural pollutants?
A.Defoliation in the forest, etc.releases a large amount of carbon dioxide through bacterial decomposition
B.Visibility decreases due to heavy fog weather, and the burning of straw on the ground leads to long-term maintenance of foggy weather
C.A 1-hour space comet hailstorm hit the earth 13,000 years ago, seriously polluting the earth's air and causing the earth to enter the mini-glacial period
D.The volcanic eruption of Kamchatka Peninsula has caused serious pollution to the atmosphere.

c
Consumption of filial piety: Refers to the consumption made by children or juniors to express their love for their parents or elders.
Which of the following are not filial piety consumption?
A.Xiao Zhao especially took out the money in Grandpa's passbook and bought grandpa's life insurance, Grandpa was very happy
B.Liu Xiaoxian hires a babysitter for his grandmother over 80, and pays a babysitter salary of 1,400 yuan per month
C.On Teacher's Day, my classmate Gu went to the flower shop to buy a bouquet of flowers for the language teacher.
D.On his parents' wedding anniversary, Xiao Wang would give his parents a congratulation

b
Creative labor: refers to an unprecedented labor method that requires the use of the creativity of laborers, as opposed to repetitive labor (referring to labor that only needs to be performed in accordance with certain procedures and methods).
Which of the following is creative labor?
A.Mom tells her son in high school to go to the supermarket to buy a bag of salt again
B.Cao Xueqin in the last stage of his life, with tenacity and perseverance, completed the great book "A Dream of Red Mansions" after ten years.
C.Xiao Wu completed all ten addition calculations at once in accordance with the method taught by the teacher
D.After the staff puts things into the box according to the regulations, the box is sent to a machine 2 meters away for sealing.

a
Albinism: refers to the phenomenon that plants cannot form chlorophyll due to some inherent factors under normal circumstances.
Which of the following is albino?
A.Somewhere is a generational corn production area, and every year, some leaves of corn are found to have local white spots due to heredity
B.A farmer in a certain area found that the leaves of the local sunflower turned white, which was never found before the chemical plant was built.
C.After a few years of pollution in a place, people sometimes find a white snake in the locality that has never appeared before pollution.
D.Someone got a disease more than ten years ago and hasn't healed yet, his skin, hair, and even eyebrows have all turned white

d
Micro-emergency event refers to an event that occurs in a small area and has a relatively large social response after the parties or others have disclosed it on the Internet or other media.
Which of the following are not micro-emergency events?
A.An official participated in a ribbon-cutting ceremony of a project, and his photo of wearing a precious watch was posted on Weibo by netizens, causing widespread social concern.
B.In May 2010, when a college student uploaded a cartoon, he said, "Is this the Tianzhu? It ’s not wet or old!", The word "to force" swept the Internet immediately; on November 10, the word "to force" In the headline of the People's Daily
C.At the end of 2012, beggar Zhou held a lost property near a shopping mall to find the owner of the wallet.After the passerby Yu found it, he took a photo and sent it to Weibo, which was quickly reposted by netizens.Zhou's behavior is appreciated
D.On November 25, 2012, the F-15 carrier-based aircraft successfully took off and landed on China's first aircraft carrier "Liaoning Ship", which caused heated discussions in the world's major media.

d
When the courier came, I didn't dare to open the door.When I checked the water meter, I didn't let the house go.When buying meat, I had to press with my hand to see if there was any water in the meat.I went to the supermarket to buy milk and bread.In view of the psychological public knowledge of many people in today's society, ordinary people have become "old unbelievers", which has seriously damaged the credibility of governments, experts and the media.An authoritative survey shows that the overall trust of Chinese society has declined, and less than half Respondents believe that most people in the society are credible.
Based on the findings of the above survey, which of the following can be concluded?
A.The majority in society considers the minority in society to be credible
B.The minority in society considers the majority in society to be untrustworthy
C.Some people in society don't think the minority in the society can be trusted
D.Some people in society don't think most people in the society can be trusted

b
The mustard mustard everywhere is playing an increasingly important role in the Chinese economic stage.From 2007 to 2011, the market share of Fuling mustard in South China fell from 49% all the way to 30%, corresponding to the Pearl River Delta.The transfer of regional labor-intensive enterprises; in 2012, the number of migrant workers working in the central and western regions increased rapidly, meanwhile, the sales of Fuling mustard in the region created a growth of nearly 50%.Some experts pointed out that the sales of mustard There is a huge correlation with the migration trend of migrant workers, and the government can formulate policies in advance according to the changes in the "press mustard index" to calmly deal with public service issues such as employment, law and order, education, social security, and other issues brought about by the sudden population increase.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the remarks of these experts?
A.Mustard is a favorite food of the people, Sichuan and Chongqing people love mustard, and Sichuan and Chongqing are both export places of migrant workers
B.Mustard is delicious and inexpensive, and it is easy to buy and carry.Migrant workers who work outside are the main consumer of mustard.
C.It is rumored that an authoritative department of the country divided the country into "population inflow areas" and "population outflows" according to the changes in the "press mustard index", but the department has recently explicitly denied this rumor
D.The production of mustard in Zhejiang, Fujian and other places may be similar to the sales of Fuling mustard, and the regional changes in its sales can also reflect the migration trend of migrant workers

c
If the public policy formulation in a certain place is correct and enforced, there will be no large-scale petitions.Large-scale petitions will only occur if the relevant decision-makers do not care about the people.The public policy-making in a certain place is correct, and the relevant decision-makers are also concerned It is the masses who have conducted in-depth investigations and investigations.The local masses are satisfied with this.
Based on the above information, which of the following cannot be obtained?
A.If there is a large-scale petition in a certain place, the relevant decision-makers in that place do not care about the people
B.If there is a large-scale petition in a place, the public policy in the place is not enforced effectively
C.If there is no large-scale petition in a place, the public policy in the place is effectively implemented
D.If there is no large-scale petition in a place, the public policy of the place is correct

b
In the Six Dynasties, Liu Qing, a famous talker, talked a lot, but he also admired people who didn't speak.He was very happy to see Jiang Quan speak very infrequently, saying, "Jiang Quan can't speak, but he can admit it if he can't say it." Jiang Quan knew that he was not talking, but he knew how to hide.Not everyone knew where his shortcomings were, so that he could talk to countless people.He could talk and love to say that there was some excuse; many people obviously did not speak.I just kept talking about it, and it was always annoying because of its shortcomings.Therefore, it can be said that Jiang Quan was actually very rare in doing so.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Being able to speak but not speaking is an extremely rare intelligence
B.It is a self-knowledge to be silent
C.It can't be said to be an exaggeration
D.Not speaking is actually a helpless move

d
A person can only succeed in his career if he works hard and hard; he can have happiness in life only if he succeeds in his career.However, if he works hard, he must have the courage to bear pain and hardship.Unfortunately, some people in the world are very afraid of pain With difficulties and unwilling to bear them.
Based on the above information, which of the following can be introduced?
A.If you have the courage to endure pain and hardship, you can succeed in your career
B.If you have the courage to endure pain and hardship, you can get happiness in life
C.Some people in the world can succeed in their careers and happiness in life
D.Some people in the world cannot get the success of their career and the happiness of life

b
When buying lottery tickets, many people are often willing to choose their own numbers, and they are not willing to let the computer choose them randomly.Because they believe that the winning numbers are randomly generated in the long run, but they are regular in the short term.This period is less likely to appear, or some numbers are meaningful to themselves, or they are simply lucky numbers, and they should be more likely to win.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the thinking of these people?
A.Many people study the lottery's winning rules, but their winning rate has not improved significantly because of this.
B.The winning numbers of each issue are independently and randomly generated, and there is no internal relationship between them.
C.Regarding whether there is any regularity in the generation of winning numbers, many people hold the concept of "believe it, but do not believe it"
D.Computer selection is random, and you have a specific intention to choose a number.At this point, people are smarter than computers.

d
Forbidden fruit psychology: refers to the strong desire for exploration based on the rebellious psychology of a certain ban.
Which of the following is not a forbidden fruit?
A.Many temples have "No Filming" signs at the entrances, and there are still a few tourists who secretly take pictures while staff are not prepared
B.Zeus sent the maid Pandora to pass the magic box, and specifically explained that she must not open it, but Pandora could not open the box with temptation, but the evil in it ran into the world
C.A book is officially banned, but many people don't understand why it is banned.They tried to read the book by all means, and many manuscripts appeared.
D.A shopping mall launched 20 special-priced tablets on the day of "Double Eleven" on a first-come-first-served basis.As a result, hundreds of people snapped up.

b
Consumption change: Refers to the consumption model where citizens often shop in each other's cities due to the convenient transportation between the two cities and the different prices.
Which of the following belongs to city consumption?
A.Beijing Min Xiaowang told reporters: In Beijing, 6 yuan a catty red Fuji apple can be bought for 4 yuan at 10 yuan in Tianjin; 80 yuan per barrel of edible oil in Beijing, 65 yuan for Tianjin
B.Every time I hear that there is a shopping mall in Zhuhai for promotion, Ms.Li in Shenzhen will rush to go shopping happily.For half a day, the house is full of her booty.
C.Ms.Zhao buys a lot of cosmetics at the airport duty-free shop every time she returns from South Korea, which saves a lot of money than buying the same Korean brand in China
D.Mr.Huang worked in a city in the south for seven or eight years, seeing the price soaring all the way, ready to sell his own house, and return to his old home in the north with his wife to take care of them.

c
Forced: refers to the process by which certain negative factors push things in a positive direction under certain conditions.
Which of the following are not forced?
A.Internet rumors continue to stimulate the public's nerves.The government in a certain place is determined to take a series of measures to increase the disclosure of information and gradually grasp the initiative of Internet discourse.
B.Non-governmental illegal financing activities in a certain place have been repeatedly banned, and the impact is extremely bad.The relevant government departments finally launched a financial reform plan that has been put on hold for half a year.
C.In response to the increasing number of small property houses in some areas, some experts have written that small property houses have to some extent solved the housing problem of low- and middle-income groups.The government is investigating this issue.
D.In the 1980s, farmers in a certain place illegally engaged in collective land contracting, and the grain output increased significantly in that year, which attracted high attention from high-level officials and gave birth to a comprehensive reform of the land use system

c
Agreement-based decision-making: refers to the decision-making methods of units or departments with equal authority on common problems
Which of the following are agreed upon?
A.The project application submitted by a forestry bureau has been formally approved after being signed by the leader of a higher authority
B.At the official meeting of the office, after consultation and discussion, everyone unanimously approved the plan submitted by a subordinate department
C.A county's environmental protection bureau, urban management bureau, and health bureau have repeatedly discussed environmental issues, and reached a resolution after discussing the environmental protection bureau's plan
D.The plan for purchasing office supplies in a department is signed and approved by the secretary Xiao Zhao

a
Implicit discrimination: refers to the discriminatory understanding of specific groups that exist in people's minds and has not been publicly revealed.
Which of the following is implicit discrimination?
A.Middle-aged men wearing sunglasses entering a residential area are more likely to be stopped by a security guard and questioned
B.People with beards and weird outfits are often regarded as artists
C.People with straight suits and shiny shoes are often considered successful
D.Beggars dressed as out-of-school teenagers often get more money

c
Financial freedom: refers to the state of income that does not require hard work for money.Generally, two conditions need to be met: maintaining cash inflows from property income, and maintaining a certain amount of net assets.
Which of the following are financially free?
A.Mr.Li has two houses with a total price of more than 3 million.The monthly rent is just enough to cover the bank mortgage.The daily expenses of the family are maintained by his own salary.
B.Mr.Zhang, a company's boss, is preparing for debt management and expanding the company's production scale.He has applied for a mortgage loan from his bank with his real estate.
C.After Mr.Liu quit his job, he traveled throughout the country for many years, enjoyed the sights and historical sites, and easily paid all expenses with his bank deposit interest
D.Mr.Wang, a fan of stocks, uses his own cash of more than two million yuan for stock speculation, and pays attention to the stock trend at any time.Every stop, the limit stop never misses the stop, never let it go.

b
The second left-behind refers to the rural left-behind children being received by their parents in the city.Because the parents are busy with work every day, the children are surrounded by strangers without friends and playmates.
Which of the following are left behind?
A.There are a large number of migrant workers living in apartment houses in a city.Many people take their children to the city for a summer vacation.Every day, there are children who speak accents everywhere in the nearby kiosks and on the square.
B.In a street vegetable market in a new district, Xiaoying, who was brought into the city by her parents, helped her grandma selling vegetables every day to collect money.When there were no guests, she squatted on the ground and looked at the comics.
C.During the summer vacation, an education department organized a large number of left-behind children to enter the city to participate in summer camp activities.Some children can still meet briefly with their long-awaited parents, and some parents take them to visit city attractions
D.The Xiaochen couple who came to work in the city brought Xiao Ming, a retarded son, to the side.The civil affairs department arranged him to the rehabilitation center for the disabled.The couple only met Xiaoming once a week.

d
Defensive public relations refers to the relationship activities that are carried out when the organization has difficulty in coordinating with the external environment, and when the relationship with the public appears to be fraught, adjust the organizational structure, products, policies, or operating methods in a timely manner to adapt to environmental changes and public requirements.
Which of the following are defensive public relations?
A.The senior members of a company have visited every relocated family many times, conducted sincere and meticulous communication, and successfully completed the relocation.
B.A company apologized in time through the media for the adverse effects caused by the inappropriate speech of its vice president, and obtained public understanding
C.A listed company regularly releases the company's production and financial information through relevant media, and employees are very satisfied with this transparent approach
D.A cake manufacturer recalled more than 100 catties of cake produced in 2 batches in time after receiving a complaint call from an individual customer

a
π-type talents refer to compound talents who have at least two types of professional skills and can integrate multiple knowledge.The two vertical columns below π refer to two types of professional skills, and the upper one refers to the integration of multiple knowledge.
Which of the following are π talents?
Mr.A.Zhuang has two doctorate degrees in science and management, and is now the boss of a high-tech company.He has many patents and likes cycling in his spare time.
Ms.Zhang is a well-known hairdresser.She cuts hair for more than 20 customers every day.Although she is very tired after a day, she will play the piano with her daughter after returning home.
C.Mr.Cao is an expert in the clothing industry.He knows all kinds of clothing styles, fabrics, workmanship, origin and market conditions.He has entered the catering industry several times and has returned home.
D.Lao Zhao is the chef of a hotel, Sichuan, Cantonese, Huaiyang dishes are all good, usually practice calligraphy, singing well, is a famous Mai Ba in the circle of friends

c
The most promising successful people are not those with outstanding talents, but those who are good at seizing every opportunity and working hard to open up and struggle.
Based on the above information, which of the following cannot be obtained?
A.Some of the most promising successes are not those with outstanding talent
B.Some talented people are not the most promising winners
C.Some talented people are those who are good at seizing opportunities
D.Some people who are good at seizing opportunities are the most promising successers

d
Why do billions of planets such as the Earth and the Sun, can run peacefully in the universe without collision for billions of years? Why do people often bump into each other? Humanities experts tell us that billions of planets such as the Earth and the Sun are running on their own trajectories, all walking on their own paths, but we humans are not so.If you see someone else's way approaching, you must copy someone else's approach.If you leave your own way and squeeze others' way, how can there be no bumps and collisions?
Which of the following, if true, would most question the remarks of the aforementioned humanities experts?
A.Everyone's path should be unique and should not overlap
B.Everyone's path is unique, but there are always overlapping parts
C.Life is unsatisfactory, bumps and collisions are not uncommon
D.People are not the same as the planet, not to mention that the planet also has bumps and collisions

d
At present, there are 25 “abandoned infant safety islands” in 10 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China.Guangzhou ’s “abandoned infant safety islands” have received 51 abandoned infants within two weeks of opening.During the week, 26 abandoned babies were received.Statistics show that the country ’s "Abandoned Baby Safety Island" receives half of the male and female babies, but almost all abandoned babies are disabled or seriously ill.Some experts have pointed out that "Abandoned Baby Safety Island" The setting encourages parents to abandon their babies.
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the criticism raised by the above experts?
A.Setting up an "abandoned infant safety island" is a useful supplement to China's child medical security system
B.Abandoned infants with a disability or serious illness can receive timely social assistance due to the setting up of "abandoned infant safety islands"
C.Abandoning babies is really helpless for parents.The abandonment of children is to hope that they will be better treated.
D.The "Abandoned Baby Safety Island" has just been set up, and its impact on the behavior of infant parents needs further observation.

c
Xiaofang and Xiaolian are a good friends, so are Dagang and Dayong, but the four are not very familiar with each other.At a machine-related friendship party, Xiaofang, Xiaolian, and Dagang, Dayong meets, Xiaofang can call Name Da Gang, but Da Gang cannot call Xiao Fang's name.Anyone who can call Da Gang's name can call Da Gang's friend's name, and anyone who can't call Xiao Fang's name cannot.Xiaofang's friend's name.
Based on the above information, which of the following can be derived?
A.Xiaolian can call Da Gang's name
B.Dagang can call Xiaolian's name
C.Xiaofang can call Dayong's name
D.Dayong can name Xiaofang

a
An enterprise has 7 directors, such as A.B, C, D, Wu, Ji, and Geng, who implement a collective decision-making system.The system stipulates that if more than half of the votes in favor of the meeting, a decision can be passed, otherwise it cannot be passed Each director must exercise the right to vote on all decision-making proposals, either in favor or against, and must not abstain.At another decision-making meeting, the directors are all in place and need to vote on 3 proposals such as 1, 2, and 3.Known: 1) Each of these directors agrees with at least one and against at least one of the three proposals; (2) A agrees with Proposition 1, but opposes Proposal 2; (3) B agrees with Proposals 1 and 3 Proposals; (4) E only supports Proposal 1; (5) Geng opposes Proposals 1 and 2;
If Ding's choice is exactly the opposite of Geng, which of the following can be concluded?
A.Proposal 1 can be adopted
B.Proposal 2 can be adopted
C.3 can pass
D.Proposal 3 cannot be adopted

c
Literature aging: refers to the gradual decline in the effectiveness or usefulness of scientific literature over time, and even to lose its value as a source of scientific information.
Which of the following belongs to the literature aging?
A.A reference room has purchased a large number of books in recent years.Many of them have been damaged due to poor management.
B.A scientific dictionary has been published to the 6th edition, and the first edition of the library in 1978 is almost unavailable
C.A paper published in the first issue of a scientific journal in 1950.Today, it seems that the measurement data has a large error.
D.Many data in the Statistical Yearbook of 1965 ×, are still highly valued by researchers

c
Secondary scandal: Refers to other scandals that have been brought out after a certain scandal has been exposed in one place or another.
Which of the following are not part of the secondary scandal?
A.The "Yanzhaomen" of an official in a city spread a lot.When the reporter checked the official's resume on the government website, he unexpectedly found that many of the photos of other leaders on the Internet were actually PS.
B.After an official who smoked sky-high cigarettes at the venue was exposed and suspended, netizens continued to search and soon found that there were multiple properties with unknown sources in his name.
C.Xinhua News Agency's article entitled "It seems to be hidden, but it's really flickering-an inventory of those" official rumors ", combing the cases of" official rumors "that have appeared in various places in recent years
D.After the theft of the Forbidden City appeared in the newspapers, due to the improper response of the Forbidden City, the "theft door" led to the "typo door", "the club door", and the "hidden door"

d
Abyss effect: refers to the hostile mentality of residents against public facilities that will be built near their homes, which may cause environmental pollution.Due to concerns about health and safety, residents sometimes show highly emotional collective resistance or even resistance.
Which of the following are not part of the avoidance effect?
A.A municipal construction committee held a 110-kilovolt substation construction symposium.Local residents refused to participate and petitioned the city planning bureau, municipal environmental protection bureau and other units several times, and strongly opposed building the substation at their doorstep.
B.For half a year, every day when the city management committee receives a visit, residents of a village will rush to the petition to ask to cancel the plan to establish a large garbage transfer station near the village.
C.A large-scale sewage treatment plant is being prepared in a certain place, and the plan was met with strong opposition from local residents as soon as it was disclosed.
D.A hotel was preparing to expand its own parking lot, and after consulting with the surrounding residents many times, it failed to reach an agreement and eventually abandoned the expansion plan.

c
Insurance reserve: refers to the reserve of raw materials established by an enterprise to prevent the late arrival of raw materials or increase the unplanned demand.
which of the following are insurance reserves?
A.Aunt Zhang usually used to buy more grains, oils, and salts at home, just in case there is something you ca n’t leave to buy
B.The director Li looked at the unsold products in the warehouse and looked sad, thinking about how to expand the sales channels.
C.Floods are raging and road traffic is seriously threatened.Factory Director Liu is not in a hurry because the raw materials have been prepared for the flood season.
D.Manager Wang collects debts and collects money many years ago, paid employees year-end bonuses, and prepared various funds for construction in the coming year.

a
Service public relations: Public relations activities in order to gain the public's understanding and praise, establish a good image of the organization, and provide consumers with various affordable services.
Which of the following are service public relations?
A.A refrigerator manufacturer regularly sends new information on food storage and freshness to customers
B.A company regularly announces product development and sales with the help of posters and company websites
C.A tent manufacturer donated hundreds of tents to an earthquake-stricken area in time.
D.Consumers of a well-known brand build their own QQ group to exchange experiences

d
I do n’t know when it started, "Left Women" is a well-known term that refers to those single women who are well-educated and face huge pressure of courtship.The average age of marriage for Chinese women is indeed rising.In Shanghai, This number has increased from 29 in 2007 to 30.3 in 2013.Once women are over 30, the marriage rate will drop sharply, but by the age of 35, more than 90% of Chinese women are married."In fact, not many.The phenomenon of" leftover women "in China is not as severe as imagined.
If the following items are true, all of them may be the reason for the phenomenon of "leftover women" in China?
A.Women should marry men who are better than themselves.This concept has a certain impact on the best women
B.Many older women don't think marriage is a simple make-up for men and women, they insist on having love before they marry
B.Men are generally reluctant to find women who are their age or older
D.The value of women is not in a marriage, but in the social contribution they make through long-term struggle

c
In recent years, smog often covers large areas of China.During haze days, weather forecasts repeatedly remind people to strengthen precautions and avoid outdoor activities as much as possible.Even outdoor activities must take necessary protective measures.However, there are always many "brave" People, they don't take this kind of reminders at all and engage in various outdoor activities in severe haze weather without wearing a mask at all.
Which of the above is not likely to be the reason why these "braves" do not wear masks in the hazy days?
A.Now some domestic and foreign propaganda about the haze hazard is always a bit exaggerated, can not be taken too seriously
B.You are in good health and can carry it, not to mention that many people around do not wear masks
C.The haze will not cause sudden death of people, but the harm to people is long-term and serious
D.Wearing a mask has no practical effect on haze prevention, and it is neither convenient nor comfortable

b
Purchasing, specifically refers to helping mainland Chinese consumers to buy back goods from overseas.In recent years, the purchasing business has been booming in China with the help of e-commerce.Some people specialize in purchasing and the size of the purchasing market is expanding rapidly.The scale increased 19-fold between 2008 and 2012, reaching 48 billion yuan in 2012 and 74 billion yuan in 2013.In the past 6 years, about 60% of Chinese consumers who have purchased luxury goods have used purchasing.Therefore, a legal expert pointed out that as long as the purchaser pays the tariff, the purchase is not illegal; but if the purchaser pays the tariff, the price difference between the goods at home and abroad will be greatly reduced, the purchaser has no money to make, and the purchase is meaningless to them.
According to the legal expert, which of the following can be derived?
A.If purchasing is not illegal, purchasers must pay customs duties
B.Purchasing is meaningful to them only if the purchaser does not pay tariffs
C.In the past 6 years, most consumers who have used purchasing services have just purchased necessities
D.In the past 6 years, most consumers who have used purchasing services have purchased luxury goods

b
Jointly dangerous behavior means that two or more perpetrators have jointly performed an act that endangers the safety of others and caused damage, but cannot actually identify the perpetrator.
which of the following are common dangerous behaviors?
A.Zhang and his friends were traveling together.The three men alternated driving.A car accident occurred on the way.Li was seriously injured.Fortunately, Zhang and his wife were not in the way.
B.Xiaoming, Xiaojun and Xiaogang play a stone-throwing game together to see who throws it further.A small stone thrown hits Xiao Hong who is playing in the distance, causing Xiao Hong to break his blood.
C.Lao Li travels to other places for business.Old classmates who have not seen him for a long time host a banquet to welcome him.Everyone pushes a cup to change a cup.Lao Li is so drunk that he wakes up the next morning.
D.Wang and Zhao partnered for theft and homicide.The negative case is fleeing.The police carefully investigated and carefully controlled the patient.They finally arrested them in one fell swoop.

a
Elder Dink: refers to the elderly who have not had children and have not adopted children after marriage.
Which of the following belong to the elderly Dink?
A.Uncle Ding never married and lived in his sister's house.After his sister and brother-in-law died, he found a wife.Unexpectedly, the wife left him first.
B.65-year-old Uncle Zhao, the only child who died in a car accident 10 years ago, and his wife left him again last year.He feels lonely.
C.Cai has never been born after marriage and is unwilling to adopt a child.She is not too confused.Her biggest fun every day is to watch TV shows with her pet dog.
D.Li is unmarried, has a dry daughter, does not live together, because of disability, can only live semi-self-care, the community often sends volunteers to take care of her life

b
Alpha girls refer to young women whose abilities and performance are above those of their peers in many ways.
Which of the following does not belong to Alpha Girls?
A.Xiao Le's writing is beautiful, she writes well, and she is also good at organizing various activities.The teacher has repeatedly called on all the students in the class to learn from her.
B.Ms.Wang is the secretary of the unit.She has more than 10 years of professional experience.Her working ability and writing skills are clearly above those of many young people.
C.Xiaohong has excellent grades since she was young, and she is always the first in the class.After college, she is still the best, which makes many boys in the class ashamed
D.Xiaomei, a middle school student singing, and dancing, is well-known in the school, and she serves as a professional guide for the school chorus and dance team at each school art festival.

d
Environmental effect: refers to the corresponding changes in the structure and function of the environmental system caused by natural processes or human activities.
Which of the following are not environmental effects?
A.A large amount of industrial wastewater is discharged into rivers and lakes, causing serious harm to aquatic life
B.The area along the beach along a province is "long" every year, and the species of animals and plants also change.
C.Fossil fuel is heavily used in a certain area, and the temperature in the area is significantly higher than that in the surrounding area
D.A coastal city reclaims the island and builds a small town on the island that can accommodate 70,000 people

b
Presenile: refers to the phenomenon of premature aging due to huge life and work pressure, young people's psychological age aging, negative mentality, and physical decline.
Which of the following is senile?
A.Xiao Yuan is less than 35 years old.Because of his long-term liking to cross Erlang's legs, he has caused a bent hump, causing the lumbar and thoracic spine to compress the spinal nerves.
After B.80, Xiao Chen is the vice president of the company.Although the scenery is unlimited outside, he often talks at home.At the computer, the pillows are full of refreshing drugs.
C.Xiao Wu just turned 40 and suffered from constipation three years ago.In addition to the dull complexion and spotted acne, abdominal fat also increased day by day, and waist circumference became larger and larger.
D.Mr.Wu learned that the subcutaneous tissue began to shrink, and according to the doctor's advice, he insisted on washing his face with warm water every day and applying moisturizer when the skin was slightly wet.

d
Touch screen-generation: refers to the younger generation who likes to use their electronic touch screen devices such as smartphones or tablets for "thumb communication" and grows in the smart electronics and virtual world.
Which of the following belongs to the touch screen generation?
A.In a seaside resort, a few children did not run to the beach to dig sand or swim, and stayed indoors all day watching TV
B.Xiao Hu just went to kindergarten.Every time I see a remote control toy outside, I am very excited.When I return home, I always haunt my mother to buy him
C.41-year-old full-time wife Lee, in addition to picking up and dropping off children every day, is most interested in playing smartphones and iPads, sometimes forgetting to pick up children
D.Although Xiaobao is only 18 months old and not as tall as the table, when he touches the screen, he immediately begins to slide his fingers, amuses himself, and sometimes even his parents cannot hear his name

b
Only by stepping up investigation and punishment, and never condoning corrupt officials, can officials "dare not to rot"; only by establishing and improving relevant systems in each link of power operation can officials be "incorruptible".However, if Officials lack the necessary shame and rely solely on the system, then they will definitely find loopholes in the system; on the contrary, if officials have a certain shame, then even if there are some system loopholes, they will not intentionally use it, but Will restrain himself, and even patch these loopholes, truly "do not want to rot."
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be introduced?
A.If officials have a certain sense of shame, they will generally not find loopholes in the system; even if they are found, they will not be exploited, they will only repair them.
B.If officials have a certain degree of shame, they will strengthen self-discipline, and will not intentionally use the loopholes of the system to eliminate the idea of corruption from their hearts.
C.If officials lack the necessary shame, as long as they increase investigations and punishment, they will never tolerate weakness, they will not dare to rot.
D.If officials lack the necessary shame, as long as they establish and improve relevant systems for the operation of power, they will not "rot"

a
Most of the Chinese people grew up in criticism and reprimand.Parents, teachers, elders, leaders ...Seeing which of the following is not pleasing to your eyes, you can give advice.Most of the words are not good, and most of the listeners are convinced and convinced.Thank you, because everyone thinks about the good medicine and the truth of loyalty.However, not all the loyalty is loyalty.There is a kind of phone scam that appears in a very fierce way.They are on the phone to criticize you, threaten you, and scare you.Once you snore in your heart, you listen to them; and when you listen to them, you are fooled.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be introduced?
A.Some offensive words may not be loyalty
B.Some loyalty is not against the ear
C.Some phone scams are not very fierce
D.If you don't snore when you hear a call against your ears, you won't be fooled

c
A unit seeks external cooperation and is ready to determine one or more partners in the four units of A.B, C, and D.After careful investigation and discussion, the unit management finally formed the following three opinions: (1) For A and Choose two units at most.(2) For units A and D, choose at least one.(3) If you choose units C or D, you cannot choose unit B.In the final decision, the unit leader only adopted the above one.Opinions.
Based on the above statement, which of the following best meets the final decision of the unit leader?
A.Choose B, C, D
B.Choose B, but not C and D
C.Choose A.B, D
D.Choose C, but not B and D

d
Customer: Boss, why is there no fish in this plate of fish-flavored shredded pork? Boss: What's weird about this! Is there a wife in his wife's cake?
Which of the following dialogues is the most similar or identical to the above?
A.Teacher: Xiaoming, why didn't you do the homework I assigned yesterday? Xiaoming: Sorry, teacher! Am I doing homework without going home?
B.Wife: Dear, why is there no money in your wallet? Husband: This is nothing abnormal! Is there always tea in the teapot?
C.Child: Mom, why is there no cotton in marshmallows? Mom: This is normal! Did you hide a hero in the hero ink you used?
D.Customer: Little sister, why are there no pearls in the pearl milk tea you sell? Salesperson: What a curious thing! There are no couples in the couple's lungs!

c
In recent years, among the 31 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities in China ’s calligraphers' associations, many honorary chairmen, chairmen, and vice-chairmen have been appointed by officials or retired officials.Almost every province and city ’s calligrapher association ’s leadership list can See the names of government officials at the same level.Some experts pointed out that party and government officials are keen to be leaders of art-level people's groups at all levels, and that officials and artists overlap in identity and position, making art a corrupt client and making all kinds of Dirty bribery is taking off under the halo of art.
Which of the following does not support the expert's assertion?
A.A subordinate asks Mo Bao for its leader, and then pays a considerable "stroke fee"
B.Some officials sell their work at high prices and frankly regard it as "fair trade"
C.Some officials have profound calligraphy skills, and generally, do not dodge requests for inscriptions from others
D.In many arts events, officials with executive positions always receive special privileges

c
Spiritual support: In the family life, children understand, respect, care, considerate of their parents, and try their best to meet their spiritual life needs.
Which of the following is not mental support?
A.Lao Sun recently bought an LCD TV specially installed in his parents' room, so that the second old man could watch his favorite programs and bought many Peking Opera CDs for them.
B.Although Lao Wu did not live with his parents, he has developed the habit of visiting every day for many years, taking good care of their lives, and the old people are very happy.
C.The Chinese New Year is approaching.Dean Li of the "Sunset Red" Home for the Elderly invited the "Little Red Flower" Orchestra of Chaoyang Elementary School.The children's laughter and wonderful programs brought endless joy to the old people.
D.Jiang's mother is more than 70 years old, but still dissatisfied with the old age, she signed up for the ballroom dance training class.In order to prevent the elderly from getting angry and ensure their safety, every time the mother goes to class, Jiang quietly follows

d
Password anxiety disorder: refers to the psychological anxiety caused by modern people who are surrounded by passwords such as bank cards, mobile phones, login websites, and entering communities.
Which of the following are cryptographic anxiety disorders?
A.Mr.Zhang loves surfing the Internet, shopping on weekdays, watching movies, reading books, and chatting with friends through the Internet.Many passwords are set as his birthday, so he doesn't feel particularly inconvenient.
B.In order to ensure the safety of the factory, the factory director Wang installed a password lock on the factory door, requiring employees to enter the password to enter the factory, but also worried that the employees would leak the password to outsiders.For this reason, he often reminded the security staff to know all the employees of the factory.Don't let outsiders come in
C.Ms.Jin has never used online banking.She is always worried that although online banking has password protection, it is still not safe.Maybe one day the password is stolen by a hacker, her bank deposit may be missed, causing trouble.
D.Uncle Li, who came to his son's home from the countryside, was the most annoying thing in the past few years because he didn't dare to go out, because the gate of the community, the door of the building unit he lived in and the door of his house had different passwords.I can't go home when I go out

a
Fantasy illusion: refers to the fact that people often try to find a psychological phenomenon with a special meaning even if it is objectively neutral and does not have any suggestive meaning.
Which of the following is not an illusion?
A.At night, sometimes people think of lights at high altitude as stars
B.People often find images of animals in the clouds
C.The ancients believed that there were laurels, rabbits, Chang'e, and Wu Gang on the moon
D.The three peaks surrounding Tianzhu Mountain are connected like a reclining Buddha

b
Benchmarking effect: In a certain region, because consumers have a higher awareness of a certain brand, their prices tend to be significantly higher than other similar products in the same region and affect the price trend of similar products in the entire region.
Which of the following are benchmarking effects?
A.In a certain city, a major brand electrical appliance company specializes in special promotions every holiday.Other businesses have followed suit and surprisingly recruit customers.
B.The new smartwatches launched by a well-known brand have been well received.Although the price is high, they have repeatedly been out of stock.Smart watches from other brands have lowered their prices and competed for market share.
C.As soon as the news that the city's first middle school was about to move to the high-tech zone was spreading, the house prices in the high-tech zone soared, and even the house prices in the adjacent Bayshu District rose by 30% to 40%.
D.Lao Xu's online stores made tens of thousands of dollars in just six months.Friends came to learn from them and set up their own online stores in the same way.They made a lot of money.

a
Tent theory: In a certain range, the capacity of the tent depends not only on the area of the tarpaulin, but also on the height of the bamboo poles that support the tarpaulin.The higher the bamboo pole, the larger the tent capacity.Aspects, and finally gain a competitive advantage.
Which of the following does not meet the tent theory?
A.At a football game organized by a municipal authority, the second team with a balanced strength unexpectedly defeated the first team with two former provincial players and won the championship.
B.A company relies on its technical advantages in engines and transmission systems, and has successively entered the markets of automobiles, lawnmowers, underwater engines and generators from original motorcycles, all with great success.
C.Although Li's results in the college entrance examination are average and his social practice experience is not outstanding, he has entered key universities with the outstanding results of the first prize of the National High School Physics Olympiad.
D.The overall design of a certain mobile phone is not avant-garde, the configuration is quite popular, and the pricing is relatively high.It was not optimistic for industry experts.After listing, it was favored by the majority of users with its large screen, and its sales volume ranked first for weeks

d
Collaborative governance: refers to the working model of government departments to carry out social management activities in cooperation with non-governmental, non-profit social organizations and the general public in order to achieve the goals of public interest.
Which of the following are collaborative management?
A.There are multiple sub-district offices in a city, each sub-district has jurisdiction over an area, and some street service centers have specially set up green channels to provide public welfare services for the elderly and the disabled.
B.The student union of a university has repeatedly organized college students to go into the community, conducted psychological consultations, fire safety lectures, and helped public welfare activities such as the elderly
C.To create a hygienic city, a city's health bureau, environmental protection bureau, and urban management bureau work together, and health and epidemic prevention personnel, environmental monitoring personnel, sanitation workers and urban management personnel perform their duties and work actively
D.In order to ensure the smooth and safe transportation of urban buses in a certain city, each bus station is equipped with public security inspectors.This personnel includes members of various functional departments, members of volunteer associations, and retirees.

b
O2O marketing: OnlineToOffline refers to the business marketing model that uses the Internet as the foreground and uses online marketing to drive offline consumption.It usually includes merchants providing product information, discount information, service reservations, online prepayment, offline consumption, etc.Complete the commodity transaction.
Which of the following are not part of O2O marketing?
A.A company launched online and offline same-price promotions.The prices of all its online malls and physical stores were the same.At one time, the order volume of online malls increased sharply, and people who picked up goods in physical stores also followed.
B.Xiaolan saw a favorite long dress in a fashion magazine.Through a comparison website, she found that the same long dress in a shopping mall near the unit was on sale, so she bought it at noon.
C.His girlfriend's birthday is approaching, Xiao Yuan buys a buffet coupon for a hotel from an online group, and invites many friends to have an unforgettable birthday party for his girlfriend.
D.A home appliance manufacturer uses WeChat platform to regularly push new product listings to subscribers with promotional information.Users can use their mobile phones to scan the QR code under the product in the push message to complete the payment and wait for delivery from nearby stores.

a
Convergent evolution: refers to the similarity in appearance of different biological species due to their adaptation to similar environments during the evolution process.
Which of the following belongs to convergence evolution?
A.Dolphins and sharks, one is a mammal, the other is a fish, just to better survive in the ocean, they become more and more similar.
B.As the time of living together increases, the couple's values, habits, and even the five senses are getting closer and closer.
C.Invertebrates, corals of the gut cavity, barnacles of crustaceans, and sea lilies of the echinoderm all have similar radial symmetrical body configurations.
D.Ants eat protein, fat and honey from the thorns of Acacia, and they also patrol other branches of Acacia around the branches of Acacia to attack herbivores that come here for the food.

c
Monday Syndrome: Refers to symptoms such as dizziness, chest tightness, abdominal distension, loss of appetite, sore body, and inattention due to excessive exhaustion of energy to deal with things other than work on weekends.
Which of the following is Monday's syndrome?
A.On May 1st holiday, Xiao Li and his colleagues have planned a long trip to Huangshan finally.After 3 days, climbing, dining, taking photos, driving, it is not easier than going to work.No, this is just the end of a long holiday.All of them are like eggplants frosted-yeah, yeah
B.It's finally the weekend again, Xiao Wang will watch a downloaded 40-episode series regardless of day and night.In addition to going to the toilet in two days, he never went to bed.The meal was brought by the roommate to help from the cafeteria.Zhou Yiyi was drowsy, so he simply asked the counselor to take time off from class.
C.Take the children to participate in painting interest classes on Saturday mornings, learn piano in the afternoon, and go to taste snacks in the evening; take the children to the playground on Sunday mornings, and go to the grandma's house in the afternoon.Throughout the weekend, Ms.Wang's schedule was held by the children Filled up, these are still in my head at work on Monday, I can't work at all
D.I have been working for 5 consecutive days, and I plan to accompany my girlfriend to the street for shopping on the weekend, but the company temporarily notified overtime on the weekend.Xiao Xu had to "leave" his girlfriend and returned to the office to work with colleagues for another two days.Going to work on Monday, all became "Panda Eyes"

c
Only by administering the country according to the law can corruption be fundamentally eliminated; if corruption cannot be fundamentally eliminated, we will eventually lose the trust and support of the people.Only by winning the trust and support of the people will our cause have a solid political foundation.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be introduced?
A.If the country is governed by law, we can win the trust and support of the people
B.If corruption is fundamentally eliminated, our cause will have a strong political foundation
C.Without the rule of law, we will eventually lose the trust and support of the people
D.Rule of law cannot be implemented if corruption cannot be eradicated fundamentally

d
Customer: Boss, why is there no fish in the shredded pork? Boss: What's weird about this! Is there a wife in his wife's cake?
Which of the following dialogues is the most similar or identical to the above?
A.Teacher: Xiaoming, why didn't you do the homework I assigned yesterday? Xiaoming: Sorry, teacher! Is it necessary to do homework without going home?
B.Wife: Dear, why is there no money in your wallet? Husband: This is nothing abnormal! Is there always tea in the teapot?
C.Child: Mom, why is there no cotton in marshmallows? Mother: This is normal! Did you hide a hero in the hero brand ink?
D.Customer: Little sister, why are there no pearls in the pearl milk tea you sell? Salesperson: What a curious thing! There are no couples in the couple's lungs!

b
To many people, a good marriage is the one that ends.In fact, this view is not correct.Marriage not only means physical loyalty, but also includes emotional mutual support.So it cannot be said that as long as there is no third party, there is no problem with marriage.At present, there are many marriages in China that are a model: couples are not derailed, but neither party can get soothe, nourish and heal from the marriage.In fact, there are no unilateral "wrong" people, everyone Needs to work harder for your marriage.
Based on the above discussion, which of the following can be inferred?
A.It doesn't end with a good marriage
B.Marriage without a third party can be problematic
C.Marriage can only be a problem if a third party appears
D.Most Chinese marriages have gone wrong now

c
Social agreement: It means that the relationship between a form and the meaning it represents is jointly identified and followed by members of the society, and there is no necessary connection between the two.
which of the following are social conventions?
A.Zaoxia does not go out, Wanxia travels thousands of miles
B.Car debris scattered on the highway means a car accident has occurred
C.Red and green represent the rise and fall of the stock index in the domestic stock market, respectively
D.The person's face is waxy yellow, indicating that the body may have a certain disease

a
Experiential advertising: refers to the advertising method that allows consumers to participate in product trials in person, feel the quality of the product, accept it unknowingly, and trust the product.
Which of the following are not experiential ads?
A.At the entrance of a subway, passersby will get paper towels for free.
B.In a large supermarket, a salesman is distributing a new orange juice drink developed by a juice company to customers for free
C.Just add a cosmetic company's WeChat and send "I want to try" to get its new mask trial set for free
D.After the news that a well-known furniture chain company opened a new experience hall in the downtown area, it was overcrowded.

c
Spiritual support: In the family life, children understand, respect, care, considerate of their parents, and try their best to meet their spiritual life needs.
Which of the following is not mental support?
A.Lao Sun recently bought an LCD TV specially installed in his parents' room to allow the second old man to watch his favorite programs and bought multiple Peking Opera CDs for them
B.Although Lao Wu did not live with his parents, he has developed the habit of visiting every day for many years, taking good care of their lives, and the old people are very happy.
C.As the Spring Festival is approaching, Dean Li of the "Sunset Red" Home for the Elderly invited the "Little Red Flower" Paradise of Chaoyang Elementary School.The children's laughter and wonderful programs brought endless joy to the old people.
D.Jiang's mother is more than 70 years old, but still dissatisfied with the old age, she signed up for the ballroom dance training class.In order to prevent the elderly from getting angry and ensure their safety, every time the mother goes to class, Jiang quietly follows

d
A famous foodie in French history has an interesting point: natural foodies are generally medium-sized, with round faces, bright eyes, small foreheads, low noses, full lips, and square chins; people who are born with no mouthful are generally thin and long-faced.His eyes and nose are bigger, no matter what his height, he always gives a feeling of thinness.This view of "gourmet noodles" is also the intuitive impression of most people today about "gourmets." However, gluttony Although there is an inseparable relationship with obesity, it is not an inevitable cause and effect relationship.Skinny people who know how to eat and eat well can be found everywhere.
According to the above statement, which of the following can be introduced?
A.Foodies are generally obese
B.Obese people are generally gluttonous
C.Some skinny people neither understand nor eat well
D.Some skinny people know how to eat and eat well

c
Formative evaluation: refers to the evaluation by the teacher or the competent department of the degree to which the student or the project implementer has achieved the predetermined goals during the teaching or project.
Which of the following is formative?
A.The competent department hires a professional organization to carry out acceptance inspection of the project quality
B.Scientific research institutions invite experts to review the applicant's project application
C.The teacher gives the student's usual grades according to the classroom question and answer
D.Job applicants participate in written examinations and interviews organized by talent recruitment units

d
Unlike the traditional "sweat-type" economy, innovation is a kind of creative labor that mainly relies on human wisdom.Because of the high investment, high risk, long cycle, and slow results, innovation is not everyone's conscious action, it requires strong motivation If someone can get rich through speculation in resources, or can borrow money to trade corruption and make a fortune, then people will not have real motivation to innovate.
Based on the above overview, which of the following can be derived?
A.If someone can get rich through speculation in land resources, someone can make a fortune by trading corruption with power and money
B.If no one can rely on the power of money to trade corruption and make a fortune, people will have real motivation to innovate
C.If there is no real motivation for people to innovate, then someone can speculate on getting rich through land resources
D.If people have real motivation to innovate, then no one can make a fortune by trading corruption with the power of money

d
There are 42 employees in a certain college, either teaching or scientific research, or doing administrative work.In this college, professors do not perform administrative work, and young doctors under 30 are doing administrative work.Recruited from overseas, they all have a doctorate degree.Li Ming is the youngest professor in the college.He is only 29 years old.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Most PhDs recruited by the college from overseas are professors
B.PhDs recruited by the college from overseas do not do administrative work
C.The college professors are mostly overseas doctors over 30 years old
D.Some professors in this college are not recruited from overseas

b
Manager: Xiao Zhang, how are you always late for work this week? Xiao Zhang: Manager, don't just stare at me! Xiao Li sometimes arrives later than me!
Which of the following is most different from the above?
A.Husband: Wife, do you think you have been particularly mad recently? Wife: What do you mean! Do you feel that you have loved me recently?
B.Passenger: Master, why do you still use your mobile phone while driving? Driver: What are you talking about! Annoyed me, are you responsible for the safety of a car?
C.Teacher: Xiaoming, why do you keep listening to the lessons recently? Student: Teacher, I listened carefully but couldn't understand! I do n’t understand how to listen?
D.Customer: Boss, why is there a strange smell in the dullness you sell? Boss: He Juxin! Which idiot are you from?

a
According to reports, compared with foreign countries, the concentration of antibiotics in Chinese rivers is higher, the measured concentration is up to 7560 ng / l, and the average is also 303 ng / l, while Italy's 9 ng / l, and the United States is 120 ng / l In Germany, it is 20 ng / L.Some experts think it is not a concern.Because the minimum inhibitory concentration of most antibiotics on pathogenic bacteria is above 10,000 ng / L, the concentration of antibiotics currently detected in rivers and soils in China Both are less than the minimum inhibitory concentration of various antibiotics on bacteria.
Which of the following is an assumption made by the above experts?
A.If the antibiotic concentration is lower than its minimum inhibitory concentration on the germs, the germs will not develop resistance
B.Many patients need to use more next-generation antibiotics to control infections and illnesses
C.If the bacteria have sexual properties, it is difficult to cure the disease caused by bacterial infection with antibiotics.
D.Higher concentrations of residual antibiotics taken through the environment may actually help to maintain human health

b
A.B, C, D, E five football teams in a group single round match.The game stipulates that each team wins 3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, and 0 points for a loss; the first two points qualify.After the end, it was found that without a team with the same points, Team B won 3 games and the other lost to Team A.
Based on the above information, which of the following can be derived?
A.Team A must qualify
B.Team B must qualify
C.Team C must qualify
D.Team E must qualify

c
Russian writer Sholokhov told a story: A rabbit ran wildly and met a wolf on the road.The wolf said, "Why are you running so eagerly?" The rabbit said, "They will catch me and give me a hand." The wolf said, "It's the camel that catches the palm, not you." The rabbit said, "If they catch me, you can see how I can prove that I am not a camel."
which is the rabbit most worried about in this story?
A.As long as it is a camel
B.Even if it is not a camel, it may be nailed
C.If nailed, it must be a camel
D.Without a palm, it would not be a camel

b
The Dutch painter Van Gogh created the famous painting "Starry Sky" in a mental hospital.The "vortex" in this painting has caused long-term controversy.Many psychologists believe that "vortex" was Van Gogh's fragile psychological state at that time.The extension and performance of the European Space Agency recently released a map of the sky based on the "Planck" satellite exploration.Amazingly, this picture has striking similarities with "Starry Sky".Some artists believe that it is natural The starry sky is the source of inspiration for Van Gogh's creations.
If the following items are true, which of them can support the views of the above artists?
A.Van Gogh's creative inspiration generally has obvious sources of reality
B.The creation of Starry Sky is much earlier than the time when satellites plotted the sky
C.Van Gogh has visual observation and imagination beyond ordinary people
D.The sky map drawn by the satellite is generally consistent with the picture of "Starry Sky"

d
Residents in a certain community have a good manner of helping others.In this community, everyone who has helped Lao Liu, Lao Zhang has helped; a person, as long as one person has not helped him, Lao Zhou has helped him.Soon after Wang Xin moved in, he hadn't helped anyone else.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Lao Zhou has not helped Lao Zhang
B.Lao Zhou has not helped Pharaoh
C.Lao Liu and Lao Zhang helped each other
D.Lao Zhang and Lao Zhou helped each other

b
Contrarian expansion: refers to the operation of enterprises to further consolidate and expand the market in the face of tremendous pressure and difficulties, and to seize the opportunity in competition.
Which of the following does not belong to contrarian expansion?
A.When the market share of most domestic brands' color TVs has declined, a TV manufacturer has launched several super TVs in succession, and its market share has skyrocketed, far ahead of several foreign brands.
B.An automobile fuel tank sales company is a large-scale independent brand export company in China, which has recently officially entered the list of pre-disclosed and updated companies, which has taken it a step further to the goal of listing.
C.At a time when it is widely believed that real estate regulation and control policies will seriously affect the home industry, a certain brand of furniture made a high-profile announcement that it has recently successfully opened a number of franchised stores in the provincial capital and surrounding areas.
D.The domestic retail industry has performed poorly recently, and various sales companies have contracted their physical positions.A private enterprise has today added a shopping mall in the provincial capital, and the other two will soon open.

c
Public information resources: refer to various data systems that are managed by specific social management organizations in accordance with the law and provide information services to the entire public.
Which of the following are public information resources?
A.The Ministry of Public Security information sharing system established by the public security department in order to verify the identity of residents or detect cases
B.Customer personal information system for banks to conduct various financial services in order to review loan applications
C.Meteorological information release system established by the National Meteorological Department, such as weather forecast, early warning of geological hazards
D.Student course selection, evaluation, and performance management system developed by the educational affairs department of colleges and universities to improve the efficiency of teaching management

d
Utilitarian reading: refers to the limited reading time, for special purposes, only choose to read those books and periodicals that are more helpful to improve their academic performance, workability or job search.
Which of the following are not utilitarian reading?
A.Xiao Li is usually busy with class and home tutoring.Only three days before the qualification exam, she has a mind review exam course.
B.Lao Li is the backbone of the business.Whenever he has time, he will go to the reference room to read the publications related to his job.
C.In order to get good results in the interview, Xiaojiang went to the bookstore and bought several books on interview skills.
D.Although Kobayashi is busy at work, he has always been obsessed with science fiction.

a
Customized tourism: refers to the tourism mode in which tourists and tourism service providers jointly agree on a tourism plan to fully meet the personalized requirements of tourism.
Which of the following is not a custom tour?
A.A travel agency recently searched for products such as the 10-day trip to Europe and the one-week trip to the five coastal cities, and booked hotels, air tickets, and attraction tickets in advance.Tourists can buy the trip if they think the price is right
B.An online travel website formulates itinerary according to tourists' individual budget, travel goals, etc., communicates with customers repeatedly, and finally forms a customer satisfaction plan, and arranges for personal supervision
C.A travel agency has organized a food tourism project.At the request of tourists, carefully selected several characteristic food shops, booked local personal residences, and accompanied them throughout the tour.The tourists were very satisfied after returning.
D.Xiao Li and several photography-loving friends planned an event plan for shooting desert scenery.After several bargains with travel agencies, they finally made the trip, and the participants spent an interesting vacation.

c
Advantageous response: Refers to a habitual action that is extremely proficient and is performed without thinking when encountering a certain stimulus.
Which of the following are not the dominant reactions?
A.When Chinese people meet friends they have n’t seen in years, they usually extend their right hand to shake hands with each other
B.When people hear their names on the street, people will always look for them
C.People inadvertently reach into the boiling water and instantly retract their hands
D.When Xiaoli is reading a novel at home, she will subconsciously search the dictionary when she encounters a word she does not know

b
Retirement by the house: refers to the way the old person mortgages his property right to a financial institution, and regularly receives pensions and obtains corresponding services according to the agreed terms.After the death of the old person, the financial institution can dispose of the real estate according to the agreement and pay the various expenses already paid .
Which of the following belong to the house?
A.Recently, the Lao Li couple deposited the money to sell in the bank and lived in a nearby senior apartment together.The monthly deposit interest is sufficient to cover the various expenses there.
B.Mr.and Mrs.Zhang, who was over 20 years old, signed an agreement with the bank.During their lifetime, they received a monthly pension of 13,000 yuan from the bank; behind them, their property houses were disposed of by the bank.
C.Zhao was severely disabled in a car accident.He signed an agreement with the distant nephew of the pawnshop to take care of his daily life.The house in his own name will be transferred to the nephew in the future.
D.An old man sold a big house in the city center after retirement and bought a second-hand small house to live in.The monthly pension plus the interest on the sale of the house made the couple's life very comfortable.

a
Natural elimination breeding method: refers to the breeding method to reduce the number of perceived interventions in the selection process of fine varieties and try to determine the required fine varieties through the natural growth being screened.
Which of the following are natural breeding methods?
A.In order to breed disease-resistant breeding fish, soft-shelled turtles did not use any drugs when the soft-shelled turtles died one after another.
B.Koi fish farmers start to sort the most economical fry from juveniles.After three artificial selections, only about 10% of the juveniles are finally fry.
C.Dendrobium farmers climbed inaccessible cliffs to collect wild Dendrobium, selected some of them as seedlings, and carefully cultivated multiple new varieties
D.Some plants growing on the hillside, some are very lush, others are weak and yellow, clear and clear.This is exactly the image description of "natural selection"

b
Invisible employment: Refers to the work status that is outside the scope of employment statistics of relevant departments without obtaining a fixed occupation through traditional employment channels.
Which of the following are not invisible employment?
A.Yan resigned from work and started a milk powder online shop while taking his children
B.A professor is invited by many training schools to teach in his spare time
C.Xiao Chen provides platform building and maintenance services for e-commerce stores after leaving the company
D.Wang, who loves writing, became a freelance writer for a newspaper after graduating from college

d
Crowdfunding: refers to the method of raising funds through the Internet to publish fundraising projects, implementation plans, and investment returns.Its constituent elements include promoters who are creative but lack funds, and supporters who are interested in the story or return of the fundraiser Internet platforms that serve as a connection between the two.
which of the following are crowdfunding behaviors?
A.After the earthquake, the City Red Cross released information on the disaster situation in a timely manner using various online platforms such as the official website, Weibo, and WeChat, and appealed to the public to donate and donate materials to help the victims to rebuild their homes.
B.Xiao Tao has insufficient funds to return to his hometown after graduating from university.He published his own ideas online, sought financial assistance from people from all walks of life, and quickly got through the difficulties with the help of netizens.
C.A student of a middle school suffered from leukemia.The school posted a fundraising event online.Within two days, it raised tens of thousands of yuan.After the post was reprinted, more and more charities were donated.
D.In order to hold a personal art exhibition, a young artist raised a large number of start-up funds through the Internet.After the successful completion of the art exhibition, he fulfilled the promise of allowing investors to enjoy the treatment of exhibits.

c
In a certain unit, Lao Li respects his colleague Da Zhang very much, and Da Zhang respects the newly recruited technician Xiao Chen.Lao Li is one of the leaders of the unit and has a higher position than Xiao Chen.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Da Zhang's position is higher than the old Li
B.Lao's position rises sharply
C.Someone respects someone lower than their own position
D.Someone respects people who are higher than their position

c
When a galloping car needs to be braked immediately, the response time of a few milliseconds is very critical.Sometimes, the distance of a few meters determines the life and death of people.Recently, researchers have used simulation driving systems, eye-tracking technology and other methods Five groups of subjects were faced with differently-moving traffic signs, and then tested how fast they responded.It was found that the more dynamic traffic signs did allow the subjects to respond faster.Therefore, they suggested relevant departments, The original traffic warning signs should be replaced with more dynamic signs in order to improve the driver's response speed.
Which of the following, if true, best indicates that the above-mentioned researcher's suggestions are difficult to achieve the desired goal?
A.Replacing the original traffic warning sign is a huge and tedious project, which requires a huge investment
B.Of the five groups of researchers selected by the researcher, some were not driving long enough, and some did not even drive
C.When the driver understands the actual meaning of a strong dynamic traffic warning sign, his reaction speed will drop to the previous level
D.If the people on the screen seem to be running, it is easy to reminisce the picture of a pedestrian rushing past your car

b
Students admitted to the Blue Sky Foreign Language School are generally considered to be high-profile students.Although smart and hard-working students may not be able to become students of the Blue Sky Foreign Language School, most of the students at the Blue Sky Foreign Language School are smart or hardworking.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Some smart, hard-working classmates will certainly not become students of Blue Sky Foreign Language School
B.Some smart, hard-working classmates may not become students of Blue Sky Foreign Language School
C.Most students at Blue Sky Foreign Language School are smart and hardworking
D.There are a few students at Blue Sky Foreign Language School that are both smart and hardworking

d
A financial institution plans to set up one office in Europe and one in Asia, with six candidate cities, Kuala Lumpur, Hong Kong and Seoul in Asia, Zurich, London, and Frankfurt in Europe.Two staff members of the institution carried out the establishment of the office.I guessed as follows: Manager Zhang: The Asian office will definitely be located in Kuala Lumpur, never in Seoul; Manager Chen: The European office will definitely be located in London, and never in Zurich.Afterward, I learned that the two people guess Only half of them are correct.
Based on the above information, which of the following is a wrong judgment?
A.Asia office is located in Hong Kong
B.European Office in Frankfurt
C.If the Asian office is not located in Hong Kong, it will be located in Seoul
D.If the European office is not located in London, it will not be located in Frankfurt

c
One study selected 80 young people aged 13 to 25 who had early symptoms of schizophrenia as subjects, and randomly selected half of them to take fish oil tablets for 3 months and the other half to take placebo for 3 months.After a 7-year follow-up study of the subjects, it was found that only 10% of the people taking the fish oil tablet group suffered from schizophrenia; while in the placebo group, as many as 40% of the people suffering from this disease.Therefore, the researchers concluded that taking fish oil tablets helps prevent adolescents with schizophrenia.
If the following are true, which of the following can be used to challenge the researchers' conclusions?
A.The number of subjects is still small, and the development of each subject in the 7 years is quite different
B.Subjects have a large age span.At the beginning of the experiment, some people may have been young rather than young.
C.Fish oil tablets have been tried to treat adults with schizophrenia, but experiments have found no effect
D.Subjects take fish oil tablets for a short period of time, which is not enough to form a stable and obvious effect

a
The school playground has 6 circular runways, from 1 to 6 from outside to inside.Wang Wei, Li Ming, Liu Ping, Zhang Qiang, Qian Liang, Sun Xin each occupy one of them.Known: (1) Wang Wei ’s Both sides are odd runways, and Zhang Qiang's sides are even runways; (2) Li Ming and Zhang Qiang are separated by two runways, Qian Liang is on the runway between Wang Wei and Li Ming; (3) Liu Ping is on the odd runway, Sun Xin is on the even runway; (4) Wang Wei is not on the second runway; (5) If Zhang Qiang is on the third runway, then Wang Wei is not on the fourth runway.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.There are 4 runways between Liu Ping and Sun Xin
B.There are 2 runways between Qian Liang and Zhang Qiang
C.There are 3 runways between Qian Liang and Sun Xin
D.Run between Liu Ping and Wang Wei

b
Conditional commitment: In social activities, one party makes a conditional commitment to the other party.
Which of the following are conditional commitments?
A.Xiaoqin was admitted to a key high school.Dad rewarded her for a week of traveling abroad.
B.The boss of a company promised to give a salary increase of 200 yuan per month to the outstanding employees.
C.Chen said to her daughter, "Mom will, as always, support you in applying for graduate school."
D.Xiaoyu sets the rules for herself, refuses to attend a friend's party without losing 5 pounds

c
Convergence induction: In the process of social interaction, one party can grasp the psychological state of the other party, and can experience the other party's psychology in one's own position.
Which of the following belong to convergence induction?
A.Who doesn't know the world
B.Born to be useful
C.Both are fallen
D.A piece of ice heart in the jade pot

b
Road anger: refers to the offensive behavior of motorists due to anxiety and anger during driving.
Which of the following are not road anger?
A.While waiting for the red light at the intersection, Xiao Zhang felt that the car was bumped.When he got out of the car, it turned out that the rear brake did not rear-end in time.Xiao Zhang kicked the rear wheel loudly, blamed his driver and demanded compensation.
B.Wife drove Lao Chen to work, a car suddenly rushed to his front, nearly hit his car, Lao Chen got out of the car and stopped the car.
C.Xiao Li has been driving for 8 years and is highly skilled.Every time he is overtaken, he can't help but step on the accelerator and put on one until he surpasses and humiliates the other.
D.Xiao Wang was on his way, a paper ball flying out of the car next to him suddenly fell on his windshield, Xiao Wang was very angry, he slammed the horn, and kept swearing in his mouth.

a
The natural elimination breeding method refers to the reduction of perceived interventions in the selection process of fine varieties, and as far as possible, the breeding method of determining the required fine varieties through the natural growth being screened.
Which of the following are natural breeding methods?
A.Turtle farms in order to breed disease-resistant breeding fish.When the turtles are near death, they do not apply any drugs and let them develop.The last ones are used as breeding fish.
B.Koi farmers start to pick the most economical fry from juveniles.After three manual fish selections, less than 10% of the juveniles eventually become fine koi.
C.Dendrobium farmers climb the inaccessible cliffs to collect wild Dendrobium, select some of them as species of fish, and carefully cultivate multiple new species
D.Some plants growing on the same hillside, some of them are lush, others are weak and yellow, and they are distinct.This is exactly the image description of "natural selection"

b
Hidden employment: refers to a job status that is not obtained through the traditional employment channels and is outside the scope of employment statistics of relevant departments.
Which of the following are not invisible employment?
A.Yan resigned from work and started a milk powder online shop while taking his children
B.A professor is invited by many training schools to guide lectures outside of work
C.Xiao Chen provides platform building and maintenance services for e-commerce stores after leaving the company
D.Wang, who loves writing, became a freelance copywriter for a newspaper after graduating from college

a
Parallel bidding: refers to the competition formed by various manufacturers providing different types of products to meet the same needs of customers.
Which of the following are parallel competitions?
A.Before the winter arrives, the electrical appliance store is full of all kinds of heating supplies, air conditioners, oil heaters, heating fans, electric blankets, high or low prices, styles or classic or trendy
B.In order to expand market share, a company recently launched a tablet computer with a hard disk capacity of 64G, 128G and 256G specifications for consumers at different levels.
C.As long as you walk into the underground mall, there will be a group of people around you, clothing, toys, food ...you can't wait to pull you to your own booth
D.Xiao Li got a year-end prize of more than 10,000 yuan and is ready to reward herself.Now she is struggling with traveling abroad, buying a laptop or gold jewelry

c
New peasants: refers to workers who have scientific and cultural qualities, master modern agricultural production skills, and take agricultural production, management, and service as occupations.
Which of the following are not new farmers?
A.After graduating from university, Cai used the new technology he learned to cultivate and grow square pumpkins, colored peppers, etc., which sell well.
B.Cheng, who returned to his hometown to start a business, has been committed to promoting soullessness for several years, fulfilling the dream of getting rich in many families in the village
C.After Xiao Li's college entrance examination was dropped, with the support of government policies, he raised a pig in his hometown.After more than 10 years, he has embarked on the road to prosperity.
D.Xiao Zhu mastered the cattle-raising technology in the army, and set up a direct selling website after setting up a dairy farm after returning to his hometown to provide customers with thoughtful services.

d
General social awareness: Refers to the relatively fixed, generalized and general views people hold about a social group.
Which of the following belongs to the general sense of society?
A.A nation considers wolves to be ferocious and greedy
B.A tribe in Africa sees Sirius as its lucky star
C.Many young people think that keeping a pet is the most caring
D.Southerners think northerners are not afraid of cold

c
Fan culture: refers to social and cultural phenomena such as excessive worship, excessive consumption, and unpaid payment caused by individuals or groups in pursuit of a specific object.
Which of the following are not part of fan culture?
A.A scholar successfully held a lecture on the TV station.Since then, the classroom outside his class has often been crowded with students who asked for autographs and group photos.
B.In order for singer Xiao Yang to win the draft show, many unfamiliar young people spontaneously organized, pulling votes, sponsorship behind Tiantiantai and behind the scenes, very busy.
C.Xiao Zhang is a reporter for an entertainment magazine.His main task is to report on the news of the entertainment industry.Sometimes, in order to track a star, he can't even eat.
D.Xiaoli is a loyal fan audience of China on the Tip of the Tongue.She downloads each episode to a computer and watches it repeatedly, often to the point of sleeping and eating.

b
Xiao Wang is not a photographer, but the people he knows are all photographers, and photographers like to travel, because only when traveling can they encounter the most beautiful scenery, Xiao Wang's friend Xiao Zhang met with Xiao Wang through travel.Xiao Li.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Xiao Wang likes to travel
B.Xiao Li likes to travel
C.Xiao Wang doesn't like to travel
D.Xiao Li doesn't like to travel

c
In order to verify the effect of a new longevity drug, the researchers conducted experiments with two groups of white rabbits.They injected the new drug with two groups of indifferent white rabbits, and then kept one group in a cage and the other group.Breeding in the natural environment.The results showed that the average life expectancy of the white rabbits raised in the natural environment was 1/10 longer than that of the white rabbits raised in the cage.The researchers believe that the relaxed environment is conducive to the function of the new drug.
Which of the following is most likely the hypothesis that the researchers reached?
A.A little white rabbit in a cage is not happy
B.Little white rabbit lives easier after injection of new medicine
C.Little white rabbits raised in the natural environment live easier
D.The function of the new drug is closely related to the living environment of the subject

d
There was a car accident on a country road.The driver was a woman.According to the female driver, she found a restaurant on the side of the road preparing to park and dine, and accidentally used the accelerator as a brake.Fortunately, the passengers on the car only sustained minor injuries.Eyewitnesses commented on the accident as follows, which made it easier for female drivers.
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the above comment?
A.Some male drivers are more agile and decisive when driving, and rarely have accidents.
B.Some female drivers are more careful and calm when driving, and rarely have accidents
C.The driver has been driving for 8 years, is skilled, and has never had a car accident before
D.Female drivers are different, and the female driver cannot be summarized lightly.

c
Among the 100 new graduates (excluding colleges) newly recruited by a company, 42 are males and 58 are females; the proportion of graduate students exceeds that of undergraduates, and the number of computer graduates is higher than that of literature and history graduates.In addition to literature and history majors, there are also students who graduate from other majors.
Based on the above statement, about the above 100 college graduates, which of the following can be derived?
A.There are more postgraduates in computer science than undergraduates in literature and history
B.Female computer graduates outnumber male undergraduates in literature and history
C.More female graduate students than male undergraduates
D.Computer graduates outnumber male undergraduates

a
The city is a living body, a historical and cultural city, her life span is thousands of years, and the annual rings that confirm her life will definitely have thousands.The historical and cultural heritage as the city ring cannot be destroyed or discarded.Destroying or discarding the annual rings of a city is a characteristic of self-destructive cities, and a city can only have core competitiveness if it maintains its inherent characteristics.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Only by protecting historical and cultural heritage can historical and cultural cities have core competitiveness
B.A city can protect its historical and cultural heritage only if it has core competitiveness
C.If the historical and cultural heritage is protected, a city can have its core competitiveness
D.If historical and cultural heritage is destroyed or discarded, historical and cultural cities will lose their vitality

c
Researchers compared the changes in the bones of people who have lived in Europe over the past 33,000 years and found that from the Middle Stone Age 10,000 years ago to the Roman Empire 2000 years ago, the strength of both human leg bones continued to decline, but compared with the strength of the upper arm bones not related to running and walking remained stable.It was also during this period that agriculture began to rise and humans gradually shifted to a settled lifestyle.The rise of agriculture caused the bones of modern people to become lighter, but the strength of the two types of leg bones thereafter With little change, the researchers concluded that the effects of mechanization and urbanization on bone strength were not significant.
Which of the following is most likely the hypothesis that the researchers made their conclusions?
A.Over the past 33,000 years, the overall weight of humans has changed little
B.No significant changes in human lifestyles from 33,000 years ago to 10,000 years
C.Mechanization and urbanization occur after the rise of agriculture
D.Lightening of a person's bones causes a decrease in their bone strength

b
Conditional commitment refers to a commitment made by one party to the other in a social event.
Which of the following are conditional commitments?
A.Xiaoqin was admitted to a key high school.Dad rewarded her for a week of traveling abroad.
B.The boss of a company promised to give a salary increase of 200 yuan per month to the outstanding employees.
C.Chen said to her daughter, "Mom will, as always, support you in applying for graduate school."
D.Xiaoyu sets the rules for herself, refuses to attend a friend's party without losing 5 pounds

c
Convergence induction means that in the process of social interaction, one party can grasp the psychological state of the other party, and can experience the other party's psychology in their own place.
Which of the following belong to convergence induction?
A.Who doesn't know the world
B.Born to be useful
C.Both are fallen
D.A piece of ice heart in the jade pot

d
Occupational gene: refers to the personality characteristics and temperament that match the characteristics of the individual's work.
Which of the following does not involve occupational genes?
A.In his nearly ten years of truck driving experience, Xiao Li has his wit, concentration, and other characteristics that make him an excellent driver for the company.
B.I have always been meticulous and serious, and I am very satisfied with my financial work
C.Colt is flexible and communicative.During his work in the company's sales department, his business volume has been among the best for many years.
D.Dr.Marin, who graduated with honors from a well-known university, soon became a business backbone of the institution after entering a research institution

d
Homogeneous group: refers to a social group that has formed a common cultural or personality trait after a long period of time.
Which of the following does not belong to a homogeneous group?
A.Fans
B.Hometown
C.Huishang
D.Passengers

c
Crowdsourcing refers to the practice in which a company or organization delegates the work tasks that were usually undertaken by employees to the non-specific social public.
Which of the following are not crowdsourcing?
A.A toy company has always encouraged and sponsored users to participate in the company's design work.From the robot control system to the building block products, it has received relatively satisfactory results.
B.A detergent company often posts its own R & D projects on major websites, solicits solutions, and gives certain rewards and promises
C.In the past three years, a real estate company has given all computer, network and peripheral daily maintenance work to a computer company
D.An art museum invites visitors to write explanations for the exhibits in the museum, and selects some of them to make labels for the exhibition.

b
Security thinking means making observations against the development of current things or events and making preparations for them after observation.
Which of the following is security thinking?
A.Xiao Li has been weak since childhood and has caught colds on both sides for three days.After ten years of winter swimming, he is now rarely sick.
B.The company's operation is getting more and more difficult, Xiao Chen feels that he will definitely lay off staff, and quietly delivers several resumes to the talent market.
C.An old man with a humpback came on the bus.Xiao Wang gave up his seat to the old man because he was afraid of falling and injured.
D.The temperature has plummeted in these two days.Lao Zhang is going on a business trip to the north.His wife deliberately stuffed a few thick clothes into his suitcase.

d
Public information resources refer to various data systems that are managed by specific management agencies in accordance with the law in the public domain and provide information services to the entire public.They are public, extensive, basic, and public welfare.
Which of the following are public information resources?
A.Research and development by the public security department in order to verify the resident status or detect a case
B.Client's personal integrity file system developed by the bank to review loan applications and carry out various financial services
C.Student course selection, assessment, and performance management system developed by the university's educational administration department to improve the efficiency of teaching management
D.Meteorological information release system established by the National Meteorological Department, such as weather forecast, early warning system for geological hazards, etc.

b
A recent foreign research study found that there is an internal relationship between obesity and poor socioeconomic status, and those who have a lower socioeconomic status are mostly obese, even the poorer and the fatter.The researchers explain that this is because of society People with lower financial status are more likely to choose high-calorie, low-nutrition fast foods, and the ingestion of these foods can easily lead to obesity.
Which of the following, if true, would weaken the researcher's explanation above?
A.Although the intake of high-calorie and low-nutritional foods is the dietary habit of some people, it is easy to cause malnutrition
B.People who are just getting rich are more likely to indulge in high-calorie foods, and some poor people can only taste fresh foods occasionally
C.The poor do not have enough money and time to exercise, but the rich are more capable of investing in physical health
D.Now high-calorie and low-nutrition fast foods are becoming cheaper, and healthy low-calorie foods are becoming more and more expensive

d
Folk culture and art performances will be held in a certain city.Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang, King Wang and Lao Xu will perform on-site performances as the heirs of paper-cutting, Soviet embroidery, white bureau, and Kunqu opera.Each of them will perform one performance, and the performance will be performed one by one.The organizer also has the following arrangements: (1) Old Xu's performances will be arranged behind paper-cuts and Su Xiu; (2) White rounds, Xiao Li can only watch during the Kunqu performance; (3) King's performances will be arranged in front of the paper-cut; (4) Xiao Zhang's performances should be in front of Kunqu and Lao Xu performances.
Based on the above arrangements, which of the following can be derived?
A.Xiao Li performs paper-cutting, ranking first
B.King's performance in Su Xiu, ranked 2nd
C.Xiao Zhang performs Kunqu, ranking third
D.Lao Xu played the white round, ranked 4th

d
The development and progress of human medicine not only benefit from the hard work of scientists, but also the silent sacrifice made by experimental animals.Before drug development enters the clinic, a large number of animal experiments need to be done to explore the drug's efficacy, toxicity, and safe dose, However, there are many differences between humans and animals such as rats, pigs, dogs, rabbits, etc.Even if the physiological structure of the animal and the law of drug reaction are correctly understood, the recognition results cannot be easily and blindly transferred to humans.
Which of the following, if true, best supports this view?
A.The ancient Greek medical scientist Galen believes that according to the results of his anatomy of animals, blood is in one-way motion, not in cyclic motion, whether in human veins or arteries.This is certainly not in line with modern scientific concepts.
B.In the "Ben Cao Yan Yi" of the Song Dynasty, it was recorded that some people used natural copper to feed their winged geese, and after the geese were wounded, they flew away.Today, people use it to treat bruises.This is how modern people treat fractures.Is unimaginable
C.In 1882, Robert Koch, Germany, used guinea pigs to conduct experiments and concluded that TB bacteria are the pathogens of tuberculosis, and they have the same symptoms regardless of whether they are from monkeys, cattle or humans.
D.In 1957, a pregnancy-response drug called thalidomide was put on the market after being tested on rats.It was found that thalidomide caused human fetal malformations after a period of time, but it did not cause rat fetal malformations.abnormal

c
Lao Zhang: The stalls you set up here belong to the management of Chamdo! Xiao Wang: This is Zhongshan North Road and not Zhongshan North Road.What do I occupy?
Which of the following is most similar to the above dialogue?
A.A: Your law enforcement is impersonal! B: I strictly enforce the law to protect the lives and property of the people.
B.A: You spend all your days playing games! B: Only in the game do I feel that the age is free.
C.A: You cannot smoke during working hours! B: I never work when I smoke.
D.A: Your claim is framed! B: Your statement is spurting!

d
It is an interesting topic to compare the life experiences, literary accomplishments, and influences of the two drama masters in the East and the West.Some experts believe that calling Tang Xianzu "the Shakespeare of the East" is a big problem, because whether it is personality Charm, or the aesthetics of the text, Tang Xianzu is not inferior to Shakespeare.
Which of the following is most likely the hypothesis contained in the expert opinion mentioned above?
A.Tang Xianzu's personality charm and the beauty of his text are higher than Shakespeare
B.Tang Xianzu's influence in the West is greater than Shakespeare's influence in the East
C.Tang Xianzu and Shakespeare do not want others to call themselves by their names
D."The Venice of the East" is inferior to the true Venice

b
Lao Zhang, Lao Zhang's sister, Lao Zhang's son and Lao Zhang's daughter played a table tennis match.After the game, it was found that the 1st place was the same age as the 4th place, but the 1st twins (the above 4 people) (1) The gender is different from the 4th place.
Based on the above information, can you launch 1st place?
A.Lao Zhang
B.Lao Zhang's daughter
C.Lao's sister
D.Lao Zhang's son

a
Zhang was dead, and the forensic doctor found out that he had been poisoned.Zhang's two neighbors, A and B, said to police officer Zhao who came to investigate: A: If Zhang died of murder, his wife Li could not get rid of the relationship, During this time, she was divorced with Zhang; B: Zhang either died of suicide or murder.It could not be an accident.After hearing what A and B said, Police Officer Zhao made the following two judgments: (1) If A If B and B are all right or wrong, then Zhang died by accident; (2) If one of A and B said something wrong, then Zhang did not die by accident.Later After investigating the facts, it was found that Officer Zhao's judgment was correct.
Based on the above information, which of the following can be derived?
A.Zhang died of murder
B.Zhang died of suicide
C.Zhang died of an accident
D.Lee killed Zhang

d
Shadow work: Any labor that consumers pay to make purchased goods available.
Which of the following are shadow jobs?
A.Xiao Sun came to the restaurant to eat, and the boss told him that most of the waiters have been on vacation these days.The customer needs to order the meal by himself and hand him a pen and a menu.
B.Xiao Li's son is about to be born.He hastened to take the time to take out the baby stroller from his colleague Pharaoh and repair it.The car is completely new and very useful.
C.My father finally agreed to buy two goldfishes for Xiaoming.Xiaoming was so happy that he collected more than a dozen pages of goldfish breeding strategies on the Internet overnight.
D.After transporting the puzzle table home from the mall, Lao Feng was busy for a long time, compared to the installation instructions, disassembled, disassembled, and finally assembled successfully, which came in handy at noon.

b
Power suggestion: refers to the influence on external members of the organization based on job status, business ability, and charisma.
Which of the following does not imply power?
A.Professor Zhang is an expert in the field of microelectronics.Many companies will ask him for solutions when they encounter related problems.
B.Xiao Cong in fifth grade, the video games are particularly smooth, the school team always asks him to assist and guide
C.Veteran Lao Zhao is fair, and neighbors in the neighborhood encounter big and small disputes.The first thing that comes to mind is to ask him to preside over justice.
D.Director Li of the Education Bureau has long studied the professional development of teachers, but relatives and friends often ask him for education questions about children.

d
Randomized test: refers to a test that has multiple possible results under the same conditions and can be repeated; although all possible results of the test are known in advance, the results of each specific test cannot be predicted.
Which of the following are randomized trials?
A.Test of heating a pot of freshwater to boiling and observing its state change
B.Test of installing a positioning device on a lion to understand its living habits
C.Impact test to check the safety performance of a new car
D.Trial of a coin to observe the number of side ups with numbers

b
Temporary assistance: refers to emergency and transitional assistance provided by relevant government departments when a family or individual encounters an emergency, accidental injury, a major illness, etc., and their basic life is in trouble.
Which of the following are temporary assistance?
A.80-year-old Uncle Li has no children and lives alone.Community workers regularly visit his home and hand over his monthly pension to him.He also delivers some daily necessities from time to time.
B.Lao Zhang suffered from ankylosing spondylitis, spent huge savings on medical expenses, and the house in the couple's name was sold.A family of three had to temporarily live in a small house rented by the street office
C.After the earthquake, all sectors of society actively responded to the city government's call and donated goods through various channels.A large number of materials were quickly collected and distributed to the victims.
D.Lao Zhao lost his left leg in a car accident a few years ago.Since then he can no longer go out to work.The monthly minimum allowance of several hundred yuan has become the main source of income for his family.

b
Progressive retirement: Refers to the employees reaching the legal retirement age, and the employer flexibly determines the retirement time for some employees according to the actual work needs.
Which of the following are progressive retirements?
A.Professor Ma is approaching retirement age because he is one of the most influential scholars in China and has made a significant contribution to the development of the subject.The school decided to hire him as a tenured professor
B.Mr.Zhao has reached the retirement age, but the major research project he is hosting has not yet been resolved, and his research institute has decided to hire him to continue working until the project is completed
C.In recent years, Engineer Li's physical condition has become worse and worse, and he has suffered from mild depression and is unable to continue to work.After research, the company leadership decided to let him retire early.
D.A research institution decides that starting from the second half of the year, employees who apply for early retirement in this unit shall have a minimum of 54 years of primary and intermediate titles and a minimum of 58 years of senior titles.

b
Order-based training: refers to a talent training model with a clear job destination organized by the labor security department and entrusted by a training institution according to the demand for employment after the employer has submitted an application for employment.
Which of the following belongs to order training?
A.A survey conducted by a vocational and technical college found that cooking is about to become a hot job in the next few years.That year, a culinary major was opened.Sure enough, graduates are very sought-after, and many famous restaurants have signed up.
B.A private nursery urgently needs several childcare workers.After receiving the application, the competent department immediately finds a senior substitute training organization to organize training.Several qualified childcare workers arrive soon.
C.A city hires a group of scientific research personnel in the province's colleges and universities according to the employment needs reported by the townships and villages each year, and then assigns them to be the vice mayor of science and technology
D.A property company has recently been selected by multiple communities and needs to add a large number of security.In order to successfully take over the security work of each community, the company has urgently recruited dozens of novices and is entrusting professional security companies to strengthen training

b
Short-lived policy: refers to policies and measures formulated by local governments that concern the rights and interests of the masses but cannot be recognized or generally opposed by the public, and are soon to be terminated as soon as they are introduced.
Which of the following are not part of the short-lived policy?
A.The traffic management department in a certain city issued a policy of "breaking yellow lights as a violation of traffic regulations, deducting 6 points," which caused strong repercussions in the society.After 5 days, the department held a press conference to announce "temporarily not implemented"
B.A city introduced a new policy on house purchase: college graduates who have graduated less than 5 years have implemented a "zero down payment" in urban housing purchases.Because they did not comply with the relevant policies, they were urgently stopped by their superiors a few days later.
C.After a city in the south launched the "Motorcycle Ban" in the urban area, a large number of couriers left collectively, and motorcycle drivers appealed.Soon, this policy was announced as "suspended implementation"
D.The transportation bureau of a certain city in the north announced that a scenic county-level highway was set up tolls.After the news came out, public opinion was uproar.Before the end of the month, this toll policy was over.

a
Sharing economy: refers to the economic activities of individuals, organizations or enterprises to revitalize idle resources by means of modern information exchange means.Through this activity, the supply side can obtain additional benefits, and the demand side can obtain products and services at a lower cost.
Which of the following belongs to the sharing economy?
A.The industry committee of a community has established a WeChat group of owners.If there are idle items in the owner's home, they can take photos and send them to the group for other families to choose according to their needs.The owners are very satisfied with this approach of the industry committee.
B.Every year in the graduation season, college students who are about to leave the campus will set up booths in various corners of the campus to sell daily necessities that are not intended to be taken away.Younger students and youngsters often find a lot of "babies" from them."
C.A courier company pushes the user's needs to free courier through mobile phone software.The free courier chooses the nearest order and delivers large and small packages in a timely and accurate manner to customers.The company's delivery costs have dropped significantly.
D.Xiao Zhong has established a website dedicated to publishing technical problems from various manufacturers, soliciting solutions designed by netizens for compensation, and transferring them after technical processing.Although manufacturers have not saved research and development costs, they like this method very much.

a
Working with porcelain: Refers to the use of loopholes in the management of an enterprise by individual workers to cause illegal behavior in the enterprise, and then to demand economic benefits such as double wages or economic compensation.
Which of the following belongs to labor?
A.After Lin applied for a company, he did not sign a labor contract with the company under various excuses.Three months later, Lin filed an application to the labor arbitration department on the grounds that the company refused to enter into a labor contract with him, asking the company to compensate for the unsigned contract.Double pay during the period
B.After working for one year, Ms.Ding found that the company did not pay her endowment insurance for her, and after many negotiations, she did not get a satisfactory result, she applied to the labor arbitration department and asked the company to pay her endowment insurance for her.
After Ms.Hong gave birth to her second child, the factory deducted half of her salary during pregnancy and persuaded her to resign.Ms.Hong finally decided to sue to the court, asking the factory to make up her salary bonus and give compensation.
D.More than 10 workers recruited by a company did not sign a written labor contract.They were dismissed collectively because of continuous demands for increased wages.After a few days, they refused to sign a labor contract on the basis of the company.continue working

d
Review marketing: Refers to the marketing model in which merchants use customer reviews of goods and services to guide consumer propensity and promote product promotion and sales.
Which of the following are critical marketing?
A.A traditional Chinese medicine research institute held a series of public welfare lectures on traditional Chinese medicine ointment.Many beneficiaries 'beneficiaries' appearances have aroused the attention of many citizens.
B.A shopping website has established a buyer's reputation evaluation mechanism to help sellers screen malicious negative customers and add them to the blacklist, which has quickly increased store sales.
C.After a restaurant launched the "Like Prawn for Lobster" campaign, nearly 2,000 fans questioned its rules and quality of lobster, and its sales dropped sharply.
D.A well-known home appliance company has launched a new product.The professional evaluation of experts in the industry is prominently printed on the outer packaging.

a
Peak shift employment: refers to college graduates who actively choose short-term study tours, internships, entrepreneurial inspections or voluntary services at the peak of job search to postpone personal employment in order to find more suitable jobs.
Which of the following is off-peak employment?
A.Kobayashi University was experiencing the "hardest employment season in history" when he graduated.Instead of eager to find a job, he went to a number of non-profit societies and cafes to experience life.He founded it with two like-minded friends half a year later.A technology consulting company
B.Xiao Gao has not found a suitable job after graduation.Every time someone asks about the job, he is not in a hurry, thinking that in a few years, he manages to open an online shop by himself, and can still live in a comfortable and comfortable place.day
C.Although it has been recommended for Baoyan, in consideration of the chronically ill father Monk's younger brother studying, Xiao Li delivered a resume to the talent market.While waiting for the news, she went to a restaurant near her hometown to find another Odd job
D.In the graduation season, unlike other students who are busy applying for resumes, Xiao Jin founded a shared office rental service company when he was a sophomore.As soon as he graduates, he can devote himself to the company's business management.

c
Covered competition: refers to the phenomenon that the industry's internal competition is already very fierce, and the production and business operators outside the industry are strongly involved in the industry, leading to further competition in the industry.
Which of the following are covered by competition?
A.A company engaged in the design and development of electronic products enters the field of drone development that has just started
B.In view of the rapid growth in sales performance of each branch company last year, the company's senior management decided to establish several more branches this year after research
C.After a real estate company opens a large shopping plaza in the center of the city, the passenger flow of the five or six large shopping malls around it has decreased significantly.
D.In order to further meet customer needs, an auto parts seller decides to add a new car repair and maintenance business

d
Xinxiangxian: Refers to the rural people who have taken root in the countryside for a long time, use their knowledge, technology and wealth to serve the villagers enthusiastically and make outstanding contributions, and have high prestige and influence in the local social life and the eyes of the people.
Which of the following belong to Xinxiang Xian?
A.Although Li has been doing business in foreign countries for more than 10 years, he always misses his hometown and donates a lot of money every year to pave the way to build bridges in his hometown to help the poor students in his hometown to complete their studies.The folks often run around to visit him
B.Xiao Zhang returned to his hometown after demobilization, and became a well-known "farming king" in two or three years.In order to drive the folks to get rich together, he organized multiple training courses to teach practical farming techniques and experience for free.Praise
C.For more than 20 years, Mr.Sun, the chairman of a city chamber of commerce, has used his rich experience accumulated for a long time to match the home and rural people who operate various agricultural and sideline products, and guide them in finding business opportunities.
D.After the retirement of a rural elementary school principal Cheng, he took advantage of his many students and extensive relationships to actively explore the historical and cultural resources of his hometown and develop the rural cultural tourism industry.

c
Zero advantage consciousness: refers to a sense of crisis and consciousness of danger, that is, the ability to see the relativity of its own advantages, and thus to transform its comparative advantage into a competitive advantage with a sense of crisis, in order to prevent its own advantages from failing to be exerted or even lost.
Which of the following is a zero advantage consciousness?
A.Israel is one of the world's poorest natural resources, and water and arable land resources are particularly scarce, but Israelis continue to innovate agricultural technologies, turning the desert into an oasis through drip irrigation technology and photothermal network membrane technology, creating a resource-saving type Agricultural model, and even became an important agricultural exporter
B.Tian Ji and Qi Wang race each time and lose each time.It turned out that the horses scored up, middle, and lower thirds, and played three games.No matter what level of horses are used, Tian Ji can't match Qi Wang.After Sun Zhi knows, he instructs Tian Ji to use The inferior horse aligns with the king's superior horse, and then uses the superior horse to the intermediate horse, and the intermediate horse to the inferior horse.As a result, only the first game was lost, and the latter two games were won.
C.An ancient city is famous for retaining many Qing Dynasty buildings.In the reconstruction of the old city, the municipal government has learned from the outside world to avoid the "demolition of valuables and construction of worthless ones", and spare no effort to protect and develop tourism resources.It has completely changed the situation of rich tourism resources and low tourism consumption in the past, and formed a solid industry advantage.
D.When a company manufactures light-sensitive materials, it requires someone to work in a dark room for a long time, but most of its employees cannot adapt to the long-term darkness and the efficiency is very low.In response to this situation, the company replaced all the staff in the darkroom with blind people.Earth improves work efficiency

c
A department-level agency plans to send 1 person to study overseas for public management.The most suitable candidate should have the following conditions: male; proficient in a foreign language; familiar with the local culture.There are 4 directors with high professional levels A.B, C, Ding finally entered the interview session.Of the 4 people, 3 were men, 2 were proficient in a foreign language, and 1 was familiar with the local culture.Each interviewee met at least 1 condition.Known: (1) A and B's foreign language ability Same; (2) B and C have the same gender; (3) C and D are not all males.After inspection, only 1 person met all the conditions and was successfully sent overseas.
Based on the above information, it can be concluded that who was sent to study abroad?
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.D

c
A high-speed road section management office decided to recruit 10 road assistant managers to solve the problem of insufficient formal managers, but this proposal has caused opposition from someone who believes that after adding these 10 road assistant managers, there will be More road violations and disciplinary actions are found, and later management of these issues will require more formal management staff, which will lead to a shortage of formal management staff who are already nervous.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the person's point of view?
A.Newly recruited road assistants may not be fully committed to work
B.There are many road violations, and the problem of disciplinary actions can be resolved on the spot, without delaying post-processing
C.Road assistant managers can also post-process road violations and disciplinary actions
D.Increasing the number of road assistant managers will effectively reduce the occurrence of road violations and disciplinary acts on this section of the road

a
Recently, some scientists have studied the impact of climate change on human society in the past.They found that more than 80% of countries and regions around the world broke out twice as many wars during the cold climate as during the warm period; in the past 1,000 years in China, War, large-scale turmoil and dynasty replacement mostly correspond to particularly long cold periods; the "Little Ice Age" in Europe from 1550 to 1850 and the witch-hunting events in European history and even the French Revolution are closely linked.As a result, they concluded that colder climates could lead to social conflicts and dynasties.
Which of the following, if true, would most challenge the views of the aforementioned scientists?
A.Climate change is always happening, social conflicts and dynasties are always happening, and things that change together are not necessarily causal.
B.Climate warming is an important cause of human conflicts and wars.For example, during the temperature rise from 1981 to 2002, the number of civil wars in sub-Saharan Africa increased more than usual.
C.In 2003, the warming of the Indian Ocean affected monsoon activities, leading to a significant drop in precipitation in Sudan's Darfur region, triggering serious food and water shortages, and then triggering armed conflict
D.Chilling is more terrifying than climate warming, which means that crop yields are reduced, food and energy supplies are tight, and people's daily lives are more severely affected

d
As to whether Xiao Li, Xiao Wang and Xiao Miao can be admitted to graduate school, there are four kinds of speculations: (1) Xiao Li can obtain; (2) If Xiao Wang can obtain, then Xiao Miao can also obtain; Or Xiao Li could get it; (4) Xiao Wang could get it.It was confirmed afterward that only one of these four kinds of guesses was right.
Based on the above information, which of the following can be derived?
A.Xiao Li got it
B.Xiao Miao did not pass
C.Xiao Miao passed
D.Xiao Li did not pass

d
A.B, C, D, and E 5 college students of photography majors went to Heilongjiang, Tibet, Yunnan, Fujian, and Jiangsu to take part in the graduation photography contest.The five of them have their favorite subject matter: people, flowers, landscape , Wild animals, ancient buildings, this time they met each other to take one of the above subjects.Known: (1) If A goes to Heilongjiang, B goes to Jiangsu; (2) Only C goes to Fujian, Ding goes to Yunnan (3) Or B went to Jiangsu to photograph ancient buildings, or Wu went to Fujian to photograph people; (4) College students who went to Jiangsu to photograph ancient buildings had said goodbye to B and D before leaving.
Based on the above information, which of the following can be derived?
A.A does not go to Jiangsu
B.B will not go to Tibet
C.C will not go to Heilongjiang
D.D does not go to Yunnan

c
Tea is a healthy drink loved by Chinese people.Generally, after brewing and drinking tea several times, the leftover tea is discarded.An expert pointed out that in fact, the substances that can be dissolved in water are limited and a lot of nutrients The substance is still retained in the tea leaves, and it is a pity that they should be discarded in vain.People should eat the leftover tea.
Which of the following, if true, can best refute the expert's point of view?
A.Many non-nutritional substances in tea are not soluble in water
B.Tea contains theophylline and trace elements, which can be refreshing
C.Drinking tea for the average person has become a habit, not to absorb nutrients
D.Many people leave the leftover tea to make tea cakes, tea eggs, etc.

b
A.B, C, D, and E have all recently worked in a large shopping food court.The businesses they work for include household appliances stores, clothing stores, drug stores, noodle shops, and ramen restaurants, and each one goes to one.Everyone starts The working hours are different, last March, April, May, June, July.Known: (1) A is a chef, she successfully found a job in a snack bar; (2) B goes Opened a clothing store, but she started working part-time 3 months later than A.(3) C and the person who went to work in a household appliance store were from the same town.Of the 5 people, she started working the latest; (4) Ding Biwu started She works early, and she goes to a pharmacy.
Based on the above information, which of the following can be derived?
A.In March, A started to work in the shop.
B.May began to work in-home appliance stores in May
C.Ding started to work in a pharmacy in June
D.In July C started to work in the ramen restaurant

a
An expert conducted statistics on the life expectancy of the late Nobel Prize winners in economics and found that their average life expectancy is 85 years old, of which the majority are over 90 years old, and many are more than 100 years old.The youngest when they died was as high as 74.The expert believes that winning the Nobel Prize in Economics can make people live longer.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the opinion of these experts?
A.The Nobel Prize in Economics is awarded only to living scholars.
B.Winning the Nobel Prize can bring great physical and mental pleasure to success, and a pleasant physical and mental state can prolong the life
C.Keynes, the father of macroeconomics, died at the age of 63, unfortunately, he did not win the Nobel Prize in Economics
D.Scholars who have won the Nobel Prize in Physics have a long life, but none of them have won the Nobel Prize in Economics

a
Kong, Chen, Meng, and Liu from a certain unit need to be assigned to the four villages A.B, C, and D to carry out poverty alleviation work, and each person goes to a village.According to the work needs, the allocation meets the following conditions: If you go to Jia village, then Liu goes to Ding village; (2) either Chen to B village or Meng to B village, only one of which is established; (3) Meng Quding village.
If the above conditions are met, which of the following can be concluded?
A.Kong go to D village, Liu go to A village
B.Kong go to A village, Liu go to C village
C.Kong go to C village, Liu go to B village
D.Kong go to B village, Liu go to C village

b
Summer vacation is here, father, mother, son, daughter and 4 people drive to travel.There are two people in the front of the car (one is the driver) and two people in the back.The four have different hobbies: music, sports, photography, The majors of calligraphy are also different: mathematics, history, logic, and physics.Known: (1) son learns physics; (2) mother loves music; (3) photography enthusiasts who study logic are divided into two rows with daughter Sit up.
If the son is sitting diagonally behind the driver, which of the following can be derived?
A.Father is the driver
B.Mother is the driver
C.Son is the driver
D.Daughter is the driver

c
Self-recognition of value: It means that people often overestimate the value of their actions and get happiness and beauty from it.
Which of the following are self-recognized values?
A.Xiao Zhang just arrived at the workplace after graduation and was lucky to be assigned a single apartment.He spent half a month setting up the room like a new house, and every time he walked in, he was happy to spend it.
B.After Xiaoxing won the first prize in the campus robotics competition, his father, Lao Wu, was happy all day, and he praised how good his son was when he met everyone.
C.After Mr.Xie's famous song became popular overnight, he quickly entered the film and television circle and starred in many TV series.Although the audience responded flatly, he has always been confident in his acting skills.
D.Lao Zhao's work won the second prize in the Provincial Calligraphy Association.Colleagues came to congratulate him.He secretly resolved that he would strive for a higher award next year.

b
Cultural anxiety: refers to the psychological state of confusion, anxiety, disappointment, and self-confidence caused by the squeeze of foreign cultures on traditional cultures in the process of globalization and modernization.
Which of the following are not cultural anxieties?
A.In response to the invasion of Western culture, some parents suggest that the education department formulate relevant policies as soon as possible to allow traditional classics including the Four Books and Five Classics to enter primary and secondary school classrooms.
B.Squares, neighborhoods, and parks containing foreign place names such as "Roman Forum" and "California Town" can be found everywhere in cities, large and small.
C.Christmas, Valentine's Day, and Easter are becoming more and more popular, but many traditional festivals have been ignored by young people.Some scholars have called for measures to be taken to restrict foreign festivals as soon as possible.
D.Many historical and cultural heritage and human landscapes have disappeared with the transformation of the old city in full swing.More and more people of insight are deeply worried about this.

c
Co-pilot law: Refers to the person sitting next to the driver who often likes to point and comment on the driving process according to their own experience.It refers to the words, behavior or mentality of the onlookers who instruct others to complete the operation process based on their personal experience.
Which of the following is the co-pilot rule?
A.As soon as Lao Li got on the train, the coach turned on the driving training voice prompt system: "Please fasten your seat belt" and "Release the handbrake" ...Lao Li observed the coach's expression while operating
B.Xiao Zhang always likes to sit in the front row while chatting with the driver, and talks with the driver about the north and south.He also commented from time to time on the driving standards of other drivers on the road.
C.The most lively public square in summer is chess.Chess fans are standing around each table, and every move of the two players is pointed.
D.Manager Feng submitted the preliminary plan for personnel adjustment to the chairman for review.The chairman circled a few people after reviewing it, and gave him a few words, and asked him to take it back and revise it.

c
Active compensation: refers to the behavior of enterprises to actively make financial compensation to consumers for their defective products or services.
Which of the following is active compensation?
A.Xiao Wang and a few colleagues found a dead fly in the dish when spending money in a hot pot restaurant, so they went to the boss to discuss the situation.After more than half an hour of negotiation, the boss finally agreed to waive the order and apologize.
B.The canteen of a college received complaints from students about the low quality of meals and high prices, and immediately rectified.Three days later, the quality of the meals in the canteens has improved significantly, and the prices have dropped.
C.A company found that a newly launched mobile phone exploded while charging, and soon publicly promised to the society: users can replace the mobile phone battery for free within 30 days, and the company will bear the cost of postage and travel expenses.
D.Lao Zhang bought a motorcycle last week and it feels good to ride.Two days ago, the manufacturer suddenly notified him to bring the original invoice to the designated repair shop to replace the circuit controller, and gave him a 200 yuan gas card.

a
Reverse talent flow: Refers to the phenomenon of professionals who originally worked in well-known big cities and chose to work in small and medium cities.
Which of the following is the counter flow of talent?
A.The county of Xiao Zhao's hometown has experienced rapid economic development in recent years.He is hiring professionals with a working background in a large city.After repeated consideration, Xiao Zhao resigned from a research department in Beijing and returned to his hometown to apply successfully.
B.Xiao Han, who has graduated from high school, has worked hard in Shenzhen for many years.I deeply feel that although there are many job opportunities and considerable annual income, but the pressure of competition is too great, sometimes it can not help.
C.Xiao Huang obtained a master's degree in bridge design from a university in Tianjin and came to the small city where his girlfriend is located to find a good job.He and his girlfriend are very happy.
After D.80, white-collar Xiao Li served at the headquarters of a financial institution in Shanghai.A few days ago, she decided to move to a nearby insurance company.However, she nextectedly found that her decision coincided with the choice of many colleagues.

c
Language Intelligence: refers to the use of computer programs to implement language communication between humans and machines, or to allow machines to autonomously complete language-related tasks.
Which of the following is language intelligence?
A.The artificial intelligence "Alpha Dog" defeated several world-class Go masters with an absolute advantage in the man-machine battle that lasted for several months
B.In order to expand the foreign market, a company's new product has set language switch buttons.With these buttons, users can switch between multilingual operating systems
C.In a poem competition, according to the keywords spoken by the judges, the robot "Xiao Wei" wrote several poems with beautiful words and fresh mood on the spot.
D.High-speed rail, trains, and subways are equipped with a bilingual Chinese-English voice system that can automatically broadcast station names along the way, current speed, and real-time temperature

b
Sinking in crisis: Refers to the excessive worry that young people have when facing problems that should occur in the next age group.
Which of the following is a crisis sinking?
A.Whenever I think of the retirement that will start two years later, there is an inexplicable loss and anxiety in Lao Zhang's heart
B.Xiao Li just admitted to Jiangcheng University and saw the house prices soaring in the surrounding area.He is worried that he cannot afford a house after graduation and cannot settle down.
C.Xiao Huang graduated four or five years and is still single.She is worried that she will find it hard to find the right person if she drags on.
D.Xiaoliang and his wife recently couldn't sleep because of their daughter's going to elementary school next year: the school district room of the famous school that they couldn't afford

a
Malignant boycott: refers to the uncivilized, irrational, and boycott behavior that may be caused by the parties when their legitimate rights are damaged for a long time and cannot be resolved through repeated consultations.
Which of the following are vicious boycotts?
A.The owner of a community can't stand the noise of the square dance.After repeated communication failures, he raised 260,000 yuan to buy a public address system commonly known as "treble cannon", and played the car horn sound in a loop to the square every day.
B.The orchard contracted by Lao Li has been frequented by thieves many times.In order to avoid greater losses, he wrapped iron wires and connected electricity to several fruit trees.Since then, the orchard has never been stolen again.
C.The property of the community found that the speed of the battery-powered express car was too fast and there were potential safety hazards.They repeatedly asked them to slow down, but with little effect, so all battery-powered express cars were prohibited from entering the community.
D.A community has been harassed by "psoriasis" advertisements for a long time, so I bought a "call to death" software and called the mobile phone numbers on the advertisements one by one, which quickly solved the big problem

c
The secret of Intermediary: Refers to the phenomenon that users' personal information is leaked to other agencies and has been harassed for a long time after receiving services from intermediaries.
Which of the following are the sequelae of the intermediary?
A.Xiao Chen bought an air conditioner in the mall, and the seller notified Xiao Chen's information to the manufacturer.Xiao Chen received many calls asking about the installation time and location, and later he often received return calls for the use of the air conditioner.
B.Xiao Cai bought a house in a real estate development company, and then often received phone calls from the decoration company asking whether they needed home improvement.Xiao Cai did not plan to renovate for the time being, and was very disgusted with these calls.
C.Xiao Zhang found a satisfactory job through a headhunting company, but in the next few months, he will still receive some unknown calls every day, recommending him "good treatment, flexible time, easy tasks"
D.Pharaoh met Ding Mou who claimed to know a famous doctor when he registered for medical treatment.After seeing the famous doctor recommended by Ding Mou, his condition did not improve, so he no longer ignored Ding Mou, and he no longer received harassing calls from Ding Mou.

b
Non-fiction writing: Refers to the writing background of "experience the facts", adhering to the "honesty principle", emphasizing the unique on-site and authentic writing behavior, which is a type of literary creation.
Which of the following is non-fiction?
A.In recent years, the domestic film and television industry has a special interest in the secret history of the court, and many film and television works are based on real events contained in historical books.Well-documented historical materials have become an important source of such film and television creation.
B.In order to truly reproduce the main details of a bizarre homicide, the writer Ake personally went to the town where the case took place, conducted a field investigation for more than two years, and finally wrote his famous work "The Beginning and End of a Small Town".
C.Cao Xueqin not only has serious and profound philosophical thinking about social life, but also carefully observes the different destinies of himself and ordinary people around him.These real stories provide rich material for his creation of "A Dream of Red Mansions".
D.Many scholars studying rural issues in China have been stationed in the countryside for many years, and have written monographs based on field survey data.This is obviously different from the style of academic writing that likes to use foreign popular theoretical methods.

a
Targeted sales: A marketing method in which a merchant sells a product to a specific customer at a price lower than similar products in the market for a specific purpose.
Which of the following are targeted sales?
A.In order to raise awareness and attract car buyers, a certain auto city decided to give doctors and teachers a discount of 20,000 yuan on the day of opening, which is much cheaper than many 4S stores.
B.In order to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the establishment of the company, the board of directors of a company decided to distribute souvenirs to employees.After consulting with a leather goods manufacturer, they purchased a batch of stylish, high-end leather bags at preferential prices.
C.In order to avoid waste, a fresh food store stipulates that after 8 pm every day, all non-frozen fresh fish and fresh meat products are sold at 50% off
D.In order to realize the first-quarter sales performance of a food production company, it launched promotional activities at the same time online and offline at low prices in the industry, and the sales volume increased significantly.

d
Headline mode: refers to an information service mode that is accurately pushed and screened by Internet companies, media, etc.to specific users and has important reference value information for users.
Which of the following belong to the headline mode?
A.After purchasing milk powder in a shopping mall, Xiaoli has received discounts on bathtubs, remote control toys, children's books, and other products from the shopping mall in the past three years.
B.An online literature retrieval platform can provide the required literature and its download rate, citation rate and other information according to user requirements, but the user must provide accurate personal information
C.An online media company divides the content of its platform topic into two categories: free and paid.The paid content is very professional and is mainly used by people with specific needs.
D.A new media company analyzes customer data and organizes a dedicated team to screen different types of information in real-time to ensure that specific users can see the content they care about as soon as possible

a
Digital technology sequela: refers to the phenomenon of memory loss or cognitive decline caused by excessive use and dependence on digital products.
Which of the following are the sequels of digital technology?
A.Xiao Zhu has a good sense of orientation.In the past, he had never used a navigator when driving.Since the navigator was installed, it has been inseparable from it for a day.Last night the navigator broke down.Hours
B.Mr.Ding, who is more than sixty years old, has worse and worse memory.Many of the documents that have been used for a long time are not clear now, and it is often necessary to use mobile phones to retrieve and verify the relevant content.
C.Xiao Li and a few friends went to the Internet cafe for an overnight stay together on the weekend.When I walked out of the Internet Cafe the next morning, I felt that the pedestrians on the roadside were vague.
D.Ms.Zhang has heard from friends many times that you can also buy wealth management products directly on your mobile phone, so she downloaded a wealth management app.Unexpectedly, she was deceived by more than 30,000 yuan on a phishing website.

b
Speech fusion: refers to the phenomenon that the two people's voices that are frequently communicated gradually converge under a completely unconscious situation.
Which of the following are speech fusions?
A.Mr.Lou has lived overseas for many years and rarely uses Chinese, let alone speaks his hometown.At a dinner party, he met a fellow villager, and the phrase "stubborn" evoked the long-forgotten local accent.The two spoke in their hometown.Chat all night
B.Lao Zhang and his wife have been married for more than ten years.The eating habits of the family have been indistinguishable from the north and the south.Even Mr.Zhang's northeast cavity has almost lost its original taste.His wife's Cantonese sounds strange, daughter.Often make fun of them as real "singing husband and wife"
C.Ms.Zhu ’s Chinese speaking class is loved by international students.Not only is the pronunciation standard and the tone soft, but she also talks about some interesting short paragraphs in the classroom from time to time.In less than half a year, most students can learn her tone for daily routine Conversation
D.After Xiao Huang came to work in a small coastal town in the south, she insisted on watching local dialect TV programs every day, imitating the announcer's pronunciation.After half a year, her tone, tone, and words sounded like a native native

d
In general, we are used to thinking that exercise is the key factor or even the most important factor in weight loss.However, some experts point out that although exercise is very good for health, it does not actually help much in weight loss.In fact, the status of opening a leg and holding a mouth is not equal, and holding a mouth is actually more important than opening a leg.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of these experts?
A.Of the total calories consumed by individuals, only a very small part of the calories consumed by exercise
B.In general, we always move more and eat more, move less and eat less
C.Many people will slow down due to fatigue after exercise and reduce calorie expenditure
D.Just eating a small piece of pizza can produce the equivalent of an hour of exercise

a
Da Li knows Mr.Zhang's friend Xiao Wang, and Xiao Wang knows Da Li's friend Ms.Lin.Anyone who knows Xiao Wang has a master's degree in public administration, and anyone who knows Ms.Lin is from Jiangsu.
Based on the above information, it can be concluded that Jiangsu people with a master's degree in public management are?
A.Da Li
B.Xiao Wang
C.Mr.Zhang
D.Ms.Lin

d
In order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and effectively respond to global warming, some experts have suggested that tree-burning power generation should be used as a strategy to reduce carbon dioxide emissions.They believe that trees are more "carbon neutral" than coal and natural gas.The carbon dioxide produced will be absorbed by trees that have grown again in situ.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the opinions of the aforementioned experts?
A.Plant trees in time after cutting the trees, and the new trees will once again absorb carbon in the air, forming a stable carbon cycle
B.Once the policy recommendations for tree-burning power generation are implemented, they may lead to deforestation and aggravate the global environmental and ecological crisis
C.The calculation of the carbon cycle is more complicated.The carbon released by cutting trees and burning trees may not be equal to the carbon reabsorbed by planting trees.
D.The carbon emitted by cutting trees and burning trees will not be fully absorbed until the newly planted trees grow up, and there is a time lag.

d
Dogs are not too poor, and sons are not too ugly.People who love their hometown do n’t say bad things about their hometown, Zhang San never says bad things about his hometown.It shows that he loves his hometown!
Which of the following reasoning methods is most similar to the above?
A.If the light is not on or off, if you haven't heard the words of Director Zhang, I am still struggling to sign up for the industry competition.Now everything is clear.It seems that Director Zhang's words are too important It's up!
B.Don't enter the tiger's hole, win a tiger? A huge success is often accompanied by a huge risk.Li Si invested in the stock and obtained a high return.It can be seen how much risk he has taken!
C.Jade is incomprehensible and people lag behind when they do n’t learn.People who pursue progress do n’t love learning.Professor Wang has been doing nothing and does n’t love learning after retirement.It can be seen that Professor Wang is no longer a person pursuing progress!
D.People cannot look, and seawater cannot be measured.A talented person will not show his talents, and Mr.Li has never shown his talents.It can be seen how talented he is!

c
Someone intends to plant 5 crops of corn, sorghum, sweet potato, soybeans, and peanuts on 5 plots 1 ~ 5, each plot will only plant one crop, and each crop will be planted on only one plot.Known: (1) If soybeans, sorghum or peanuts are planted in lot 3, corn is planted in lot 1; (2) if sorghum or peanuts are planted in lot 4, sweet potatoes are planted in lot 2 or 5; (3) Lot 1 is planted with sweet potatoes.
Based on the above information, which of the following can be derived?
A.Planting sorghum on plot 2
B.Peanuts on plot 3
C.Soybean plot 4
D.Planting corn on plot 5

b
I know I have to go to bed early, but I ca n’t help staying up late.I know that smoking and alcohol are harmful to my health, but I ca n’t stop the temptation of tobacco and alcohol.I know that sports are good, but I ’m too lazy to walk ...There is no lack of common sense of health, they are more of a lack of self-discipline.People who are self-disciplined will go to bed early, will not eat, and insist on exercise.If a person adheres to the spirit of self-discipline, he will not indulge himself and can maintain his own circadian rhythm.And lead a healthy and happy life.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.All people who exercise are disciplined
B.Some people who lack self-discipline do not lack the common sense of health
C.If one does not adhere to the spirit of self-discipline, he will indulge himself
D.People who maintain their own circadian rhythm can lead to healthy and happy lives

b
With the implementation of the "two-child policy", breastfeeding has increasingly become an unavoidable topic for the majority of young women during childbirth.Medical experts recommend that it is best to breastfeed exclusively in the first 6 months after birth.And parents also want to provide the best nutrition for their children.However, statistics show that in recent years, the exclusive breastfeeding rate of infants from 0 to 6 months in China has been significantly lower.The exclusive breastfeeding rate of infants within 6 months in rural areas is 30%, and only 16% in cities.
If the following items are true, which other items can explain the above statistical results?
A.Women in the workplace often suffer from breastfeeding embarrassment due to high work pressure and inadmissible working environment.
B.Breastfeeding can reduce the prevalence of children, and the benefits to children's health can continue into adulthood
C.Many mothers do not understand the advantages of breastfeeding, but instead imagine that formula is too beautiful
D.Mothers affect sleep quality due to breastfeeding at night, their work and life rhythm is completely disrupted by breastfeeding

b
It is often said that reading can increase knowledge and cultivate temperament.Some experts point out that reading can also cure diseases, especially for mental illness caused by some social factors, such as depression, depression, panic, trouble, etc., reading has a good effect.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of these experts?
A.Reading can encourage patients to change their thinking styles, improve their cognitive ability, re-know the world and know themselves
B.Patients can intentionally or unintentionally obtain emotional approval and comfort from reading, and release inner anxiety and anxiety
C.Liu Xiang, a questioner at the Han Dynasty University, attaches great importance to the medical role of reading.
D.Reading can produce a neuropeptide in the brain, which can enhance cellular immunity and benefit human health

a
In order to enrich the amateur life of employees, a certain company allocates a fixed fund each year for the travel benefits of its employees.Some employees of the company spontaneously set up a donkey association, some of which are the backbone of the company's technology.Some leaders of the company plan to use the funds for other purposes.The idea was agreed by all members of the company's management, but members of the Donkey Friends Association did not agree with the decision of the company's management.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Some technical backbones are not members of management
B.Management members are not technical backbones
C.The members of the Donkey Friends Association are technical backbones
D.Some management members are technical backbones

b
Water bear worms can survive for 30 years without eating or drinking, can withstand high temperatures of up to 150 ° C, and can survive in the deep sea and icy space.Their amazing survivability enables them to escape the great extinction of most life on Earth The only thing that can damage a water bear worm is a star explosion or a large ray of gamma rays.Some experts have asserted that water bear worms are an earth creature that can survive to the day when the sun dies.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of these experts?
A.Some Earth creatures can survive to the day the sun dies
B.Water bear insects will not encounter stellar explosions or large gamma-ray explosions before the sun dies
C.Only by being able to survive without food and drink for 30 years or endure the high temperature of 150 ° C, can it survive to the day when the sun is dying
D.Only by eating and drinking for 30 years can you avoid the star explosion or the gamma-ray explosion

c
A certain unit must select 3 of the 6 staff members A.B, C, D, E, and F to participate in the provincial vocational skills competition.Four judges have put forward their own opinions: (1) At least two of A and C Choose one person; (2) at least one of B and E; (3) at most one of B and C; (4) at least one of two and D.It was later learned that E could not be due to illness Participated, and the opinions of the four judges mentioned above were respected.
Based on the above information, which of the following are contestants selected by this unit?
A.A.B, C
B.A.B, D
C.A.B, F
D.C, D, F

d
The main component of green tea is tea polyphenols.Recently, a large number of animal experiments have found that tea polyphenols can inhibit the proliferation of tumor cells and promote the death of tumor cells.However, some experts have not found that the more tea is consumed, the more cancer The lower the incidence, they don't think regular drinking tea can prevent cancer.
Which of the following, if true, is the most reasonable hypothesis for the expert to conclude?
A.If tea is contaminated by carcinogens such as heavy metals, pesticides during production, processing, and transportation, the more tea you drink, the more you risk cancer.
B.If people drink tea for a long time but follow bad habits such as smoking, drinking, staying up late, etc., it is difficult to see the anti-cancer effect of regular tea drinking
C.Only by assuming that teas of different varieties but the same serving size contain basically the same tea polyphenols, can we conclude that regular tea drinking can prevent cancer
D.Only when a large number of people drink tea is found that the incidence of cancer decreases, can we conclude that regular tea drinking can prevent cancer

d
The four divisions A.B, C, and D of an agency are preparing to conduct in-depth grass-roots investigations.The places they are going to investigate are Hongxing Township, Chaoyang Township, Yongfeng Street, and Xingfu Street.Each office chooses exactly one of them, and they do not repeat Haohe: (1) Either A chooses Xingfu Street or B chooses Xingfu Street, both of which must be one of the two; (2) Either A chooses Hongxing Township, or Bingxian Yongfeng, both of which must be one; 3) If Bingxuan Yongfeng Street is selected, Dingxuan Xingfu Street is selected.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Chaoyang Township
B.Election Hongxing Township
C.Bingxuan Happiness Street
D.Dingxuan Yongfeng Street

c
Fenglin Bay is an ideal river for salmon spawning and breeding.If there is a hydropower dam downstream, salmon will not be able to breed here.Only when the trees on the shore of Fenglin Bay have lost their leaves, salmon will swim here.If you see many sea eagles and brown bears gathering in this river bay, you will know that the salmon is migrating.Now there is a lot of salmon swimming in Fenglin Bay.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.There is a hydropower dam downstream of Fenglin Bay
B.There are many sea eagles and brown bears in Fenglin Bay
C.The leaves on the shore of Fenglin Bay are gone
D.Sea Eagle and Brown Bear Feed on Salmon

c
Most people's diet contains excess fat.The fat in food is mainly in the form of triglycerides.In the digestive tract, fatty acids are hydrolyzed and released by lipase before they can be absorbed into the blood and re-synthesize triglycerides.If lipase is inhibited, this synthesis can be terminated.Some researchers have performed experiments on this.They divided female mice of equal weight into three groups, the first group fed freely and the second group fed a high-fat diet.The third group was fed a high-fat diet but added a "tea saponin" extracted from the tea.It was found that from the 5th week to the end of the 10th week, the weight of the second group of mice was It is significantly higher than the first group, but there is no significant difference between the third group and the first group.Therefore, the researchers have concluded that the "natural product" of tea saponin has the ability to inhibit lipase.Drinking tea does produce weight loss.
Which of the following is true and most likely to question the researchers' above conclusions?
A.Rats on a high-fat diet have approximately twice the weight of uterine fat than mice on a regular diet
B.If tea saponin is added to a high-fat diet, its uterine fat is basically the same as that of a rat eating a regular diet
C.The amount of tea saponin used in the experiment is too large.According to the same proportion, ordinary people need to drink at least five kilograms of dry tea a day.
D.The differences between mice and humans are still very large, and the conclusions of the mouse experiments have only a certain reference for humans.

a
Belief, conviction, and confidence are vital at all times.As small as a person, a collective, as large as a political party, a nation, a country.As long as there is faith, belief, and confidence, it will become more and more frustrated, and more and more fighting.Be brave, otherwise, you will not defeat yourself and you will not defeat yourself.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Without faith, conviction, and confidence, we will not defeat ourselves or defeat ourselves.
B.Without faith, conviction, and confidence, we will not become more frustrated, more furious, and braver
C.If we do n’t defeat ourselves or fight ourselves, it means that we have no faith, conviction, or faith
D.If we become more frustrated, and braver, we will not lose ourselves without fighting and fail

a
In the era of the popularity of smartphones, we send and receive messages every day.Electronic information exchange between people has become a unique way of communication in today's era.When facing important people or relationships, many people often send messages Just look forward to being returned, if not, they will have a sense of suspicion or abandonment, and they will fall into deep trouble and anxiety.
Which of the following is most likely the assumption they need to fall into deep trouble and anxiety?
A.The current technology has been able to achieve instant communication with smartphones, convenient and fast, and basically free of charge.
B.Some chat software can feedback the message in the sender's mobile phone whether the receiver has read the message
C.Some people are very busy at work, and they are used to processing related information after a busy day
D.Some people receive too much information a day, and it is easy to miss important information that someone expects to return in seconds

b
A paired poverty alleviation and innovation activity is carried out in a certain place, and entrepreneurs and poor families are encouraged to choose each other.Each poor family can only choose one entrepreneur, and each entrepreneur can only choose one to two poor families.Carrying out assistance activities.The existing entrepreneurs A.B, and C are facing 4 poor families of Zhang, Wang, Li, and Zhao.It is known that: (1) Zhang and Wang 2 have at least 1 household choosing A; (2 ) Wang, Li, and Zhao choose at least 2 out of 3 households; (3) Zhang and Li at least 1 out of 2 households choose C.Afterwards, they learned that the mutual election was successfully completed, and each poor family chose according to their wishes When entrepreneurs arrived, every entrepreneur also selected poor families as required.
Based on the above information, which of the following can be derived?
A.Entrepreneur A is elected to Zhanghu
B.Entrepreneur B elected to Zhao Hu
C.Entrepreneur C election to Li Hu
D.Entrepreneur A is elected to the royal family

c
In today's society, many elderly people drift into foreign countries to become "Lao Diao people" in order to help their children take care of the next generation.In a recent urban survey, the young people interviewed admitted that their parents are Lao Diao people, and their loved ones have just started.Due to the pressure of work, there is no time to take care of children and do housework.According to some experts, the Lao drift group in Chinese cities will further expand.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of these experts?
A.Older people can have better medical conditions in rural areas than in rural areas
B.Some elderly people are entangled in home affairs and are more willing to live in their hometown
C.The implementation of the national two-child policy will promote more children to be born
D.After the implementation of the two-child policy, the second-child birth rate in urban areas is lower than in rural areas

a
A certain district conducts a sample survey of 4 streets under its jurisdiction, Zhongshan, Yangtze River, Meiyuan, and Xinghai, and ranks them according to per capita income.Some people make the following predictions on the per capita income of the 4 streets based on past experience: (1) If Zhong Mountain Street ranks third, then Meiyuan Street ranks first; (2) If Yangtze River Street is neither first nor second, then Zhongshan Street ranks third; (3) Zhongshan Street ranks with Meiyuan Street It is adjacent, but not adjacent to the Yangtze River street.It was learned afterward that the above predictions are in line with the survey results.
Based on the above information, which of the following can be derived?
A.Zhongshan Street is not ranked first but fourth
B.Changjiang Street ranks third if it does not rank second
C.Meiyuan Street is not ranked second but fourth
D.Xinghai Street is ranked first and third

c
People eat when they are hungry.Once they consume energy nutrients such as carbohydrates, fats and proteins, they can eliminate hunger.This lack of energy nutrients is a dominant hunger; however, human health requires 16 types of iron, zinc, etc.Mineral elements and 13 kinds of vitamins such as vitamin A.And vitamin E.If these micronutrients are lacking, it will cause hidden hunger.Obviously, explicit hunger can be solved by only eating, but hidden hunger can only be "eat well" To cope.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.It is necessary to "eat enough" and "eat well", so as to ensure the health of the human body
B.Eliminating explicit hunger is more important for people, only "satisfied" can "eat well"
C.Hidden hunger is not the same as the dominant hunger.
D.Hidden hunger is more harmful to human health than dominant hunger, and more hidden

d
In a county, the new party and government leadership team has just been formed and is determined to do something practical for the masses.In the face of limited financial resources, the new leadership team has made it clear that only two major tasks can be completed this year.For many listed on the public policy agenda, They believe that if you build a rural road, you cannot build a sewage treatment plant; if you build a sewage treatment plant, you need to build a sewage pipe; if you build a sewage pipe, you cannot build a garbage treatment plant.
According to the thoughts of this leadership team, which of the following cannot be built at the same time this year?
A.Country roads, sewage pipes
B.Country roads, waste treatment plants
C.The sewage treatment plant, sewage pipe
D.Sewage treatment plant, garbage treatment plant

c
The "dark forest theory" proposed in the science fiction "Three-Body" tells us that humans must not reveal the location of our earth to the universe, or they will be destroyed by an alien civilization.However, as early as the "Three-Body" publication in 1974 In the year, humans sent a radio signal to the Wuxian cluster, which is more than 22,000 light-years away from the earth, and proactively announced its existence to the universe at the speed of light.This M13 cluster of Wuxian stars has hundreds of thousands of stars.Scientists believe that stars are usually accompanied by planets, but there can be no life on the stars, but there may be on the planets.People who believe in the dark forest theory can't help worrying about the reckless behavior of humans, and think that the good expectations of humans may be Usher in cruel reality.
Which of the following, if true, best illustrates this need?
A.So far, humans have not found any signs of alien life
B.Earth-like planets are not uncommon, with an average of 1 every 5 stars
C.There are no planetary systems in the densely packed Star cluster of the Perseus
D.Even if the civilization of the Mars cluster is received, it will be after 22,000 years

a
Jianghai District of a certain city decided to introduce new appearances to the roads in 4 jurisdictions, including Dongfeng Road, Xihe Road, Nantang Road, and Beihai Road.In order to understand the opinions of the masses, a new development plan in line with public opinion was formulated.C and D.The four comrades started research in a group of two.It is known that each person chooses two roads, and each road has exactly two people.In the investigation of each road, B and C have never been in a group.In addition, it is also known that: (1) If A chooses Dongfeng Road, Ding also chooses Dongfeng Road; (2) If C chooses Nantang Road, Ding also chooses Nantang Road; (3) A does not choose Nantang Road.
Based on the above information, which of the following can be derived?
A.A selected Xihe Road and Beihai Road
B.Election of Xihe Road and Nantang Road
C.Election Dongfeng Road and Xihe Road
D.Ding Xuan Dongfeng Road and Beihai Road

d
Public empowerment: refers to the active participation of the public in the formulation, implementation, evaluation, and supervision of public policies to fully express their own interests and to promote the democratization and scientific nation of public policy processes.
Which of the following are public empowerment
A.On the eve of the Ching Ming Festival, some people with the support of the Municipal Civilization Office created a civilized sacrifice sweeping website, calling on the public not to set off firecrackers, burn paper money, and use virtual flowers, electronic candles, and other green environmental protection methods.
B.Little courier brother Xiao Li was elected as the deputy to the People's Congress of the city, and based on extensive visits and full investigation, he submitted a proposal on how to protect the rights of courier and promote the healthy development of the courier industry.
C.A city is about to hold a hearing on a natural gas price adjustment.Relevant departments require all streets in the area and neighborhood committees to do a good job of publicity and mobilization, and to promote public representatives in accordance with the assigned quotas to ensure openness, fairness, and justice.
D.In the process of formulating a county's development plan for the next five years, the county party committee and county government have solicited many valuable opinions by holding resident forums and expert hearings.

c
Information Poverty Alleviation: Refers to the use of information technology to solve the economic and cultural poverty caused by information blockage.
Which of the following are information for poverty alleviation
A.A logistics company teamed up with an Internet giant to recruit a group of couriers from poor households in remote mountainous areas.After professional training, they took up their posts to help them embark on the path of getting rid of poverty and getting rich.
B.A mobile phone manufacturer for the rural market introduced a low-cost, easy-to-operate, smartphone with a large screen and a long standby time.Villagers have replaced their old mobile phones.
C.A key middle school in the provincial capital has set up an online classroom and remotely synchronized live broadcast to a middle school in a poor county, so that teachers and students in both places share high-quality teaching resources.In recent years, the number of students admitted to key universities in the county has increased significantly.
D.Xiao Zhou, who returned home after graduation, took a few classmates to open an online store and sold his own planted red dates online.Sales gradually increased and the days became more and more prosperous.

b
"One-door" government service: refers to the service behavior of concentrating matters that would otherwise have to be run by multiple government departments into one service center or simplifying to one window to facilitate the masses.
Which of the following are "one-stop" government services:
A.A city has established a comprehensive social governance cloud platform to push the social problems found in multiple channels to the corresponding functional departments in accordance with standardized procedures, clarify the responsible person and solve them within a limited time, avoiding the push between the departments.
B.A city has recently established a service station for people with disabilities.Previously, people who applied for living allowances had to bring an application form to the disability federations at all levels for approval and stamping.And done
C.In order to solve the problem of difficult medical treatment for patients, the city hospital opened a convenience clinic on the first floor and selected a group of doctors with excellent medical skills.Patients can complete the entire process of registration, admission, payment, and medication collection.
D.The guardian of a school-aged child who was not registered in a city in the past needs to submit the hukou, housing, work certification, and other materials on the spot.Now, as long as the online registration system specially set up by the education department can submit all the materials in one click

c
Social penalties: Refers to restrictions and penalties from other departments that are not directly related to the person's untrustworthy behavior.
Which of the following are social penalties:
A.The high-speed rail "Bully Man" who forcibly occupied another person's seat on the grounds of "can't stand up" was severely criticized by the police on the spot and was transferred to the public security organ for public security punishment after getting off the bus.After the incident was exposed, the party's bad behavior It has been unanimously condemned by netizens across the country.
B.Due to data falsification, a professor's paper published in an international journal was retracted.In the condemnation of netizens, the professor was revoked for the performance rewards obtained based on the paper, provincial and ministerial research projects, and Rong glance title , Social work
C.On the eve of the Spring Festival, some of the contract laborers who maliciously owed migrant workers' wages were exposed by relevant departments and various media, and attracted close attention from all walks of life.According to the regulations of banks, insurance, railways and other departments, these offenders apply for credit cards, purchase insurance, and Both trains and high-speed rail tickets will be restricted
D.A chemical company along the Yangtze River has repeatedly secretly discharged sewage to the Yangtze River regardless of the ban.It has recently been criticized by the relevant provincial departments, revoking its production license, and its superior departments and principals have also been severely punished.

b
Friendly Purchasing: When a large amount of products are backlogged due to natural disasters or other irresistible factors, the purchaser purchases these products in a way that is not lower than or even slightly higher than the wholesale price or market price to help producers overcome difficult times.
Which of the following are friendly purchases
A.The recent rise in raw material prices and the tight supply of various electronic devices.An enterprise actively increased its prices and purchased a large number of urgently needed electronic devices from long-term suppliers to ensure the normal production of the company.
B.Due to the torrential rains that caused flash floods, dozens of acres of watermelons on the market were flooded by the local melon farmers.After their counterparts helped the city, they bought all the watermelons of the melon farmers at market prices.
C.Fruit harvest in a certain place in the south has resulted in a large backlog of unsaleable goods.Buyers have learned that the Northeast has a good sales market.They purchase in large quantities from worried fruit farmers and resell in the Northeast.
D.Although the traditional handicrafts of a certain ethnic group have successfully applied for inheritance, their products have always been cost-effective.After vigorous promotion by folklore experts in the media, they have finally got out of the mountain and the market has responded well.

a
Emotional labor: refers to the behavior of employees in the service industry who integrate personal emotions into the work process when they interact with customers face-to-face, and have a positive impact on customers, enterprises and service personnel themselves.
Which of the following are emotional labor
A.An airline stewardess standing on both sides of the boarding gate welcomes passengers, and sometimes smiles and touches the child's head
B.Xiao Liu always smiles and answers her calls kindly and enthusiastically.She has been rated as the most beautiful operator for many years.
C.A hotel's intelligent customer service "Xiao Qing" is empathetic and has a sweet voice.Guests staying at the hotel like to interact with her
D.Xiao Qin has worked in the Letters and Calls Bureau for many years, and every time he receives visitors, he is very patient and understands the details in detail.

a
Invisible implantation: refers to the propaganda strategy that makes the audience unknowingly affected through peripheral information, symbol systems, and other unobservable forms.
Which of the following are invisible implants
A.In a TV series, all characters use the same brand of mobile phone, and use the brand's classic ringtones
B.Before the arrival of the City Games, the merchants successively put various cultural and creative products with the emblem of the City Games on the counter.
C.In the collection of the museum logo design in a certain city, plan No.8 attracted the attention of the judges with its strong regional cultural elements.
D.The wedding anniversary is approaching.In order to remind the careless and busy husband, Xiaoli secretly replaced his mobile phone screensaver with a wedding photo.

a
Anti-urbanization: refers to the phenomenon of urban residents actively flowing from urban areas to suburbs or rural areas due to work, life, environment, and other reasons.
Which of the following are anti-urbanization
A.Citizen Mr.Li has worked and lived in the city center for many years.Last year he moved to a suburban enterprise and bought a suite near the unit.I feel that work and life are very convenient.
B.With the expansion of business volume, the warehouse of a logistics company cannot meet the business needs, and the cost of renting another site in the city is too high, and the company rents a large warehouse in the rural area with lower rents.
C.In recent years, due to traffic congestion in the city and too much pressure, many urban white-collar workers have gone to the surrounding countryside for vacations and enjoy the joy of rural life
D.Due to the adjustment of the establishment system, Ms.Lin's husband changed from a big city to the Gobi Desert a thousand miles away.In order to support her husband's work, Ms.Lin planned to take her son to settle near the new station

c
Theater effect: refers to the phenomenon that the collective order is unbalanced and the overall interests are damaged because individual members pursue the maximization of their own interests and cause other members to follow suit.
Which of the following are theater effects:
A.Xiaoming participated in a high-priced tutoring class.After Xiaofang's parents knew it, she reported a more expensive one.They felt that if he didn't, Xiaofang's performance might not be as good as Xiaoming's.
B.The e-commerce platform launched a variety of promotional methods during the small holiday, and some of them played a trick of raising prices first and then discounting, which seriously affected the overall credibility of the platform.
C.In recent years, the car sales battle has intensified.Several major manufacturers first advertised on TV stations and newspapers, but later evolved into high prices and asked celebrities to endorse.
D.Considering that there are large-scale activities on Xianxia Road, Xiaowang chose to work on the Chunguang Road that is not usually taken.However, it was unexpected that everyone would walk along this road, which caused the Chunguang Road to be severely blocked.

b
Differentiated competition: In the short-term fierce competition, multiple companies in the same industry use flexible and changeable personalization methods to establish a good corporate image and win market operation methods.
Which of the following are differentiated competitions:
A.During the Spring Festival, several major online short video platforms have launched red envelope grabs.You posted 500 million, and he posted 800 million.The competition has become fierce.
B.Under the condition that other real estate developers have reduced their prices, a certain property has improved the quality of the property, introduced the resources of famous schools, and its sales have been far ahead of other properties in the same period.
C.Whenever the festival is celebrated, several large electrical appliance malls in the urban area will offer preferential activities such as giving away small appliances and extending the warranty period.Citizens often wait until then
D.Under the general slump of physical bookstores, a bookstore located in a prosperous neighborhood has always maintained its market positioning and is committed to selling high-quality professional books in order to local cultural landmarks.

a
No reform can be successful without the support and participation of the people.Only by fully respecting the will of the people and forming a broad consensus can the people actively support the reform and actively participate in the reform.We must adhere to the people's dominant position, give full play to the spirit of the people's initiative, and rely on the people Promote reform and opening up.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Reform can succeed only with people's support and participation
B.Only by upholding the status of the people as the main body can the spirit of mass initiative be brought into play
C.If people are enthusiastically engaged in reform, it shows that there is a broad consensus
D.Without full respect for the will of the people, the people will not actively support reform

d
Food safety has become a hot issue of concern in modern society.A social survey this year for a city showed that 29.2% of the respondents felt safe in eating, and 23.8% of the respondents did not feel safe.The survey data were 22.4% and 32.6%, respectively.Investigators asserted that the public's sense of food safety has improved this year, and the overall state of food safety is better than last year.
Which of the following, if true, would most likely challenge the above findings?
A.Some respondents did not express their attitudes towards food safety this year
B.The city government has increased its management of food safety this year
C.The city's media reported multiple food safety incidents such as fake milk powder this year
D.This year's social survey has increased the number of catering operators

c
Not all seniors are suitable to participate in investment activities.Most investment types require investors to have rich professional knowledge, but most seniors are lacking in this area, so that they can only be left to some liar's flicker.Compared with securities investment such as stock market, funds, etc., it is easier for the elderly to invest in art.If they do not have sufficient discrimination ability, they will be deceived, thinking that they have encountered the beauty of "pick-up".
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Some seniors have rich expertise and are suitable for participating in investment activities
B.Some elderly people do not have enough discrimination ability, but they will also encounter the beauty of "pick-up"
C.Some seniors need sufficient discrimination if they do not want to be deceived
D.Elderly people are not suitable to participate in investment activities, whether it is the stock market, funds or art investment

c
Chinese parents pay more and more attention to children's reading.Most parents want their children to read more and read well.In 2018, 70.3% of families in a city had the habit of parents accompanying their children to read.The number of books read by parents and children increased by 1.8 compared with 2017.The percentage of time is also longer than last year; however, the city's per capita reading volume of children's books in 2018 was only 4.72, a decrease of 0.6 percentage points from 2017.
Which of the following, if true, best explains the above phenomenon?
A.In recent years, children's academic burdens have been heavier, and many people who read outside the classroom are "overwhelmed but not enough"
B.Most post-80s and post-90s parents are highly educated, and they value the significance of parent-child reading.
C.Many children are accustomed to "listening" in parent-child reading, which is not counted in 2018
D.Parents' electronic reading on mobile phones and computers has not been considered in children's book reading

d
Crisis public relations: Refers to management activities in which government departments, social groups, or enterprises face various emergencies that may cause serious consequences, and adopt a variety of measures in an organized and planned manner to avoid damage or reduce the degree of damage in order to gain public understanding.
Which of the following are not part of crisis PR:
A.After the news of multiple batches of drugs produced by a company marked with false production dates was exposed, the company leader immediately in the newspapers and television stations to the nation's public to send money, should be recalled these batches of products, promised to compensate the victims through appropriate channels, quickly Find out and truthfully announce the truth of the incident, and ask people from all walks of life to supervise
B.After the rumors of the college entrance examination answer card being dropped in a certain place, the local government department quickly set up a joint investigation team to publish the operating rules of the college entrance examination questions, proctors, and scoring, and released the progress of the investigation in time.It was finally determined that the rumor was completely rumored
C.The news of "a brand of ham sausage using outdated pork" spread on the Internet.The company quickly checked and apologized, recalled, compensated, and formulated detailed rectification measures, promising that such incidents would never happen again, and the media and consumers were slow.Slow down
D.The management of a shopping mall has learned the lessons from the fire caused by the aging of the circuit in the adjacent mall, and suffered heavy losses.It regularly organizes professionals to strengthen the inspection of the line safety, replace the old wires in time, and post the `` Regulations on Electricity Usage '' to remind merchants All are very cooperative, and the fire awareness is significantly increased

c
Code-switching: refers to the phenomenon in which speakers use multiple languages or dialects to communicate during the same conversation.
Which of the following are not part of the code conversion
A.Mr.John has lived in China for many years and always insists on using Chinese when talking with his colleagues.Sometimes he really doesn't know how to express his meaning accurately, and he will be mixed with three or two English words.
B.Manager Ma received the visiting customers and introduced them to the company in Mandarin.After learning that there were two Shaanxi fellows in the customer, he immediately spoke Shaanxi and talked with them.
C.At an international academic conference, Professor Chen brought a thick Sichuan accent when he gave a speech in English, and most of the foreign scholars who attended the conference hardly understood his speech.
D.After coming to the international student dormitory, Mr.Fang, the teacher in charge of the class, asked about their daily life.When he found a student showing a puzzled expression, he immediately explained it in English.

d
Information anxiety: refers to the negative emotions such as boredom, irritability, and tension caused by people who are difficult to obtain, process, and use the required information surrounded by excessive information.
Which of the following are information anxiety
A.Xiaomin is passionate about entertaining gossip.She always pays attention to Weibo updates.When she sees unread information on her mobile phone, she can't help but click.The time spent browsing information every day is far more than her own working hours.
B.After registering the intention of buying a house with the developer, Mr.Min will receive dozens or even hundreds of calls and information every day, selling houses, decorations, investment, financial management, loans, which makes him overwhelmed.
C.Xiao Xie is addicted to online games, and it is all night long to play.During the daytime, he always thinks about games.Over time, he has developed a serious feeling of learning exhaustion, his mental state is sluggish, and his physical fitness is getting worse and worse.
D.Li checked the information in the foreign language database, and dozens of related papers jumped out every time a keyword was entered.Because of poor English, there is no way to screen, and I don't know which ones I really want to use.I feel that my spirit will soon collapse.Up

b
In-person approval: Refers to the relevant departments to accept, review various application materials through online channels, and notify the applicant of the official processing method in a timely manner.
Which of the following do not belong to the non-meeting approval
A.Xiao Li, who lives in the countryside, filled out personal information materials according to the instructions of the local social security website under the guidance of a friend.On the same day, he got his own social security certificate from the village committee.
B.Xiao Zhao sent an e-mail to the mayor's mailbox to report the situation of a company stealing sewage into the river.The involved company was ordered to suspend production and rectification by the environmental protection department.Xiao Zhao received an email response on the results of the punishment.
C.Xiao Wang intends to open a restaurant and submit all the materials on the website of the Municipal Bureau of Industry and Commerce.What was unexpected was that he obtained a business license within one week.
D.According to the staff's prompt, Xiao Ding finished recording the application materials for the real estate certificate on the Internet.After logging on to the website the next day, he found that his materials were incomplete and needed to be resubmitted.

c
Fan filter effect: refers to the psychological phenomenon that young people automatically filter their shortcomings and over-amplify their advantages when they see the objects they worship.
Which of the following are the fan filter effects:
A.Xiao Li loves to watch war dramas.No matter what kind of film, as long as there are guns, guns, and troops in it, he will try to find them and watch them from beginning to end.
B.Five-year-old Xiaogang likes his father very much.In his eyes, his father is an omnipotent and superman.
C.After the news that a famous artist was arrested for taking drugs abroad, fans found a variety of reasons for him on Weibo.
D.A teacher has held several lectures in the "100 lecterns", and his class is always full, full of students from various colleges

d
Internet public welfare: refers to civil society or enterprises through the online platform to launch public welfare activities with low thresholds, high transparency, and strong interaction.
which of the following are Internet public welfare?
A.A company allocates special funds every year to carry out public welfare activities, solicits cataract patients on the official website and provides all medical expenses to patients who meet certain conditions.
B.Learned that Lao Zhang was involved in a car accident.His old classmates passed the class group.The circle of friends quickly raised more than 30,000 yuan in donations and passed them to his home.
C.A loving service station publishes online donation accounts from all walks of life on its homepage before the start of school every year, and invites some donors to send donations to the mountain elementary school together
D.A village committee initiated a "One Gang One" donation and fund-raising activity through the online platform to help college students from the poor families in the village solve the tuition problem

d
An organ held an employee's autumn track and field sports meeting.It is known that all employees who registered for the sprint competition registered for the shot put, all employees who registered for the long jump competition did not register for the shot put, and those who registered for the high jump competition also registered for the long jump The employees who did not sign up for the high jump competition did not sign up for the long-distance running competition.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Some employees who have registered for shot put are not registered for the sprint competition
B.Some employees who signed up for the high jump competition did not participate in the long-distance race
C.All employees who sign up for the long jump competition sign up for the long-distance running competition
D.All employees who signed up for the sprint race did not register for the long-distance race

a
The difference between a real debate and a debate contest is that in the former, both sides of the debate stand on their own true positions, while in the latter, the role is determined by lot.
What is the view that the above paragraph mainly supports?
A.The real debate is to maintain opinion, and the competition is to improve skills
B.The two sides of the debate are decided by lot.
C.The purpose of real debate is to uphold social norms
D.In a debate contest, both parties must uphold their personal views

c
In the process of eternal "change", there are things that must be eternally adhered to, that is, learning methodologies and intellectual understanding, and "being a person."
What is the view that the above paragraph mainly supports?
A.Some things that change eternally need eternal persistence
B.Some things "change" only if they persist forever
C.Some things should not be discarded with eternal "change"
D.Eternal "change" is absolute, stillness is relative

c
An economic expert suggested that the key to the success of the central government's macro-control is to make efforts to arrange as many employees as possible and take into account the basic stability of prices.Inflation is not the most terrible.To maintain high economic growth, it is impossible to maintain certain inflation.
What is the view that the above paragraph mainly supports?
A.The central government must do a good job of employment resettlement and price stability.
B.Economic development will inevitably cause inflation
C.Improper employment arrangements are more harmful than inflation
D.Macro-control is to solve the two problems of employment and prices

b
In general, the amount of deposits a bank obtains determines its ability to lend.However, it is a well-known fact that in many cases the amount of bank loans exceeds the number of deposits it obtains.If the amount of such loans exceeds too much Will cause inflation.
What is the view that the above paragraph mainly supports?
A.Relatively stable lending policies can benefit both banks and depositors
B.Bank deposits much less than loans can cause inflation
C.Banks should adopt an effective strategy to control inflation
D.The amount of bank loans is proportional to the number of deposits the bank receives

b
In modern society, the pursuit of a happy life should not neglect the need for education.Without the ability to appreciate and satisfy achievements in science, literature, and art, then one cannot be considered a real person.Life is nothing more than survival.
Does the above paragraph mainly support the view that education?
A.Basic skills that enable people to sustain themselves
B.Can make people enjoy life more fully
C.Involving science, literature, and art
D.Not paying attention to specific purposes in social life

c
The theory of building socialism with Chinese characteristics is a rigorous and unified Marxist scientific system.The style of learning that only sees trees, not forests, and even literacy and contextualism, will never reach the realm of building a theory of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
What is the view that the above paragraph mainly supports?
A.The theory of building socialism with Chinese characteristics is a serious job
B.This theory can only be created after a comprehensive and systematic study
C.Must study thoroughly and systematically to grasp the essence of this theory
D.Mastering the scientific system of Marxism can reach the realm of this theory

c
From the perspective of employment, expanding investment is to increase the "rice bowl" for future generations, while compressing investment is to suppress the "rice bowl" for future generations.The "rice bowl" is pressed too much.Conducive to the long-term stability of Chinese society.
What is the view that the above paragraph mainly supports?
A.Expanding investment is reducing the "rice bowl" of today's people
B.Compressing investment is good for stability, and expanding investment is good for development
C.Expanding investment is conducive to solving employment problems in the long run
D.Reducing investment is conducive to solving current employment problems

d
People in the early Tang Dynasty explored the source of the scourge of Liang, Chen, and Beiqi, and often blamed the obscene style of writing, and asked for a new style of writing to adapt to the large and unified political situation of the Tang Dynasty.It played a driving role, but the sluggish writing style was the cause of the country's death, after all, the cart before the horse.
What is the view that the above paragraph mainly supports?
A.The big and unified political situation of the Tang Dynasty needs to establish a new style of writing
B.It is wrong to treat sluggish style as the cause of feudal dying
C.Regarding the sluggish style of writing as the cause of the loss of the country is beneficial to the construction of the literary world
D.Regarding sluggish writing style as the cause of death, it is not scientific, but it has played a positive role

b
As a special commodity, books are a tool for shaping the human soul and educating people, so they are priceless and cannot participate in market competition.Their pricing can only be converted according to costs, distribution fees, and small profits, and unified national pricing is implemented.The book price is actually intended to rise, and the result will bring a lot of harm.
What is the view that the above paragraph mainly supports?
A.Because its pricing is difficult to confirm, it cannot participate in market competition
B.If its price fluctuates arbitrarily, it will have extremely bad consequences
C.The publishing unit cannot make a profit because it cannot participate in market competition
D.If you participate in market competition, you will lose its effect on human society

c
The use of drugs, physical therapy or chemotherapy to eliminate patients is not necessarily effective.There are currently 4 kinds of drugs for the prevention and treatment of hypertension, which are suitable for different subjects.If not used properly, it may also cause harm to the body About half of people with high blood pressure can recover by adjusting their diet, quitting smoking and drinking, and losing weight.
What is the view that the above paragraph mainly supports?
A.Hypertension patients can heal without medicine as long as they adopt the appropriate method
B.Modern scientific and technological methods have little effect in treating hypertension in many people
C.Treatment relying on modern technology is not the only way to eliminate patients
D.Patients with hypertension should avoid drug abuse, otherwise, it will be harmful to treatment

a
From 1901 to 1961, the Nobel Prize in Literature was almost exclusively monopolized by white Europeans and Americans; after the 1960s, Asian, African, and Latin Americans made most of the home; in the 1990s, no European and American white writers won.And after the 1960s, European and American science and technology In the era of rapid progress, does this mean that technology has emerged, and scientific advancement will make literary works lose their human charm?
What is the view that the above paragraph mainly supports?
A.High technological development may make the humanistic spirit in literature shallow
B.Without the interference of technology and science, there is no excellent literary work
C.Really good literary works can only be produced in backward countries and regions
D.The development of science and technology is at the cost of losing the humanistic charm of literary works

c
Wetland protection and research are becoming hotspots.The concept of generalized wetland that is gradually accepted has revolutionized the traditional classification system of the global environment.The primary classification of the ecosystem in the earth's biosphere has changed from ocean and land to ocean, wetland, and land.The only ecosystem in the ecosystem that intersects four circles (atmosphere, hydrosphere, soil circle, lithosphere), is astonishingly close to human survival.
Does the above paragraph mainly support the view that the reason why wetland protection and research has become a hot spot?
A.Wetlands are vast, revolutionizing ecosystems in the Earth's biosphere
B.The wetland ecosystem is a system with four intersections of gas, water, soil, and stone
C.Humans mainly live in wetland ecosystems and have the closest relationship to them
D.Wetland ecosystems have poor living conditions and are prone to various natural disasters

a
Babies have shown a strong desire to master the environment very early.Due to the slow development of skills to control movements, their activities are restricted.They do not have enough skills to dominate the environment to survive independently.In this sense, it should be said that they are "Cannot stand-alone".
In this passage, what does it mean to say that a baby "cannot stand on its own feet"?
A.They cannot survive independently
B.They cannot control their movements
C.They have only the will to live independently
D.They don't have enough ability to adapt to the environment

b
When old art, such as novels, dramas, and the like are gradually leaving the center of attention and giving way to new arts such as film and television, cultural poverty is shrouded in criticism.Facing a powerful "industrial culture", Cultural criticism has also almost become a promotional advertisement.
In this passage, what does " cultural poverty is shrouded in criticism" mean?
A.Cultural poverty makes criticism impossible
B.Declining taste of various cultural criticisms
C.Cultural poverty has been criticized
D.Critics are threatened by poverty

c
Recessive information is a special type of information.It is different from the explicit information that can be obtained directly or indirectly in social and economic life.It is a kind of unborn information that can prompt and predict future development trends.Analytical research is required.
What is the right thing to understand about the "hidden information" in this passage?
A.Can't get directly, only indirectly
B.May predict unborn "fetal movement"
C.Can remind future development trends
D.Can prompt information that has not been made public

c
The study of "basic" particles requires extremely high energy.To understand the microstructure of matter, you must first change the microstructure, and you must first change the microscopic matter.Shattered, exposing their internal structure and various properties.
What is the correct interpretation of the "microstructure of matter" and "microscopic matter"?
A.Both reflect the structure of microscopic matter, i.e.the microstructure constitutes the microscopic matter
B.The former refers to the atomic structure (including the nucleus), while the latter refers to small particles such as protons and neutrons.
C.The former refers to the combined mode inside small particles, and the latter refers to the various small particles that make up matter
D.Both refer to the molecules, atoms, protons, neutrons and other particles that make up the substance

c
The market as a means and means of resource allocation is not almighty and defect-free.Market allocation is generally carried out by invisible hands, that is, the law of value, the law of supply and demand, and the law of competition to regulate spontaneously, and this regulation brings Lag, that is, there is a certain time lag from the signal feedback of price formation to the product output effect.
In this passage, the author believes that the "defect" of the "market as a resource allocation" is?
A.Spontaneous and competitive
B.Hysteresis and Regulation
C.Hysteresis and spontaneity
D.Competitiveness and regulation

c
Although human sin is obvious, we must not forget the form of his art--the great and respectable qualities that are revealed in terms of science, the pursuit of truth, and the concept of the creation and justice of beauty.Whenever we say When we use the words humanity or humanity, we touch a "big mystery"; if we are unaware of this "mystery", then we have succumbed to spiritual death.
What does "mystery" in the above text mean?
A.Humans who possess art, pursue science, truth and justice are sinful
B.sinful human beings connected with art, science, beauty, and justice
C.Although human beings have many well-known sins, they still have great and respectable qualities
D.To forget the spiritual sins of mankind, but not to forget his great and lovely qualities

d
Since the 20th century, with the continuous deepening of economic research and the expansion of economic activities worldwide, different understandings of the concept of capital have been used.One is to continue to use "capital" as one of the political economies The concept of class attributes is used to study the movement of capitalism; one is to use capital as a natural attribute concept in commodity economics, that is, a simple economic concept, to study the objective economic law of "money produces more money" The latter is called the modern capital concept.
It can be seen from this passage that what is the concept of "capital" in the 20th century?
A.Expanding political economy concepts
B.Class attributes give way to pure economic concepts
C.The concept of modern capital worldwide
D.Concept of class attributes and natural attributes

d
Babies have established some kind of "model" in their minds about the external world, forming a certain view of the external world.If this model conforms to the external world, they are satisfied; if not, they are dissatisfied when the desired result does not appear.
According to the meaning of this passage, if a baby smiles at a face he is familiar with, does that mean?
A.he likes this person
B.This face looks kind
C.He expects to consolidate some kind of "model" in his mind
D.This face fits with a certain expectation in his mind

a
Although neo-Confucian scholars have invariably exaggerated the role and influence of the spiritual doctrine of Confucian philosophy in modern society, and therefore need to be negated and criticized; the actual existence of such influence is indeed beyond doubt.
What does "the effect" mean in this passage?
A.The possible influence of spiritual principles of Confucian philosophy on society
B.Impact of Exaggeration on the Role of Confucian Philosophy
C.The influence of neo-Confucian scholars on the development of human society
D.Practical influences of Confucian philosophy in the past

c
Scientists have discovered that rifting at the bottom of the ocean has never stopped.This discovery may answer a question that has caused people's attention.The time of the earth is extended by 1/700 seconds per day compared with the previous day, that is, each day passes by 0.5.Second, according to this prediction, in another 200 million years, there will be only 250 days in a year.
What is the most accurate answer to "a question that has caused people's attention"?
A.The rift in the bottom of the ocean expands and the Earth's running time is extended
B.Fissures at the bottom of the ocean extend, shortening Earth's operating time
C.The rift in the bottom of the ocean expands and the Earth's rotation slows down
D.The rift at the bottom of the ocean expands, and the earth's rotation speeds up

a
The China Women's Development Foundation will entrust professional financial institutions to manage and operate the China Women's Football Development Fund, and part of its proceeds will be used to fund the Chinese women's football team to improve living and training conditions, carry out exchanges and cooperation, and cultivate reserve forces.
The following list is in line with the meaning of the text?
A.China Women's Football Development Fund will solve the problems faced by Chinese women's football
B.Extensive exchanges and cooperation are a guarantee for the training and selection of women's football reserve forces
C.Chinese women's football activities, managed and operated by a trusted professional financial institution
D.China Women's Football Development Fund has determined the management mechanism and operating rules

a
The immune system of embryonic tissues is not fully developed and responds slowly to external stimuli.If embryonic tissues are injected into a traumatized adult, it can effectively prevent the formation of wound scars.A growth factor in adult platelets can accelerate wounds Healing, the development of a drug that inhibits this growth factor, the drug is applied to the wound site within 12 hours of the wound, and there is no scar after the wound heals.
Regarding the above two medical measures, what is the most accurate?
A.Its common effect is to make the wound respond slowly to external stimuli
B.Its common effect is to change the state of natural healing of the wound
C.Its common effect is to significantly reduce the blood clotting speed at the wound
D.Its common effect is to make the wound healing process relatively slow

d
Lu Xun talks with young people, and does not like to use lessons.He never says "you should be like this", "you should not be like that".He uses his own actions to make hints with interesting metaphors and vivid stories.You should be like this, not like that.
What is the most accurate understanding of this passage?
A.Lu Xun's teaching of youth is different and pursues a unique way
B.Lu Xun educates young people, tolerates generosity, and inspires their own awareness
C.Lu Xun educates young people, is good at guiding and encourages them to abandon old plans and new ones
D.Lu Xun's teaching to young people pays attention to image and inspires them to distinguish right from wrong.

b
Doing one thing often has advantages and disadvantages.There are a few things that are beneficial but not disadvantageous."Huainanzi  Human Training" cloud: "Everyone knows benefits and sickness, but the sage knows benefits and benefits.It s also sick.It seems that the ancients have noticed the dialectical relationship of pros and cons.
What does the following list mean?
A.Things in real life are made up of pros and cons
B.Be good at analysis and strive for more benefits than disadvantages
C.Pros and cons are not absolute and can be transformed
D.We should strive for good and good

d
While writers cloned the cross-section landscape of an era, they cloned the landscape of their own lives.Pincha's clones have dual meanings: first, the human landscape that Pincha highlights in the changing times, and second, they pinpoint the scenes of the times.Personality orientation.
What is the center of this passage?
A.Literati shoulder the dual task of reflecting the times and showing life
B.Expressing the age and showing life is the dual purpose of literary creation
C.Appreciation of literary works allows readers to understand the social personality of writers
D.Appreciation of literary works has the dual significance of knowing the age and personality of literary

d
If we use some metaphors, then the short story author should choose the most suitable performance: cliffs that can prove the stratum structure, can reveal the plum blossoms of spring plum blossoms, can suggest the first leaf of the sycamore falling in the autumn news, A molar that can explain the Beijing life of Swire, etc.
This passage supports the idea that short stories ().
A.Use multiple description methods to show the colorful thoughts and emotions of different characters
B.Inspiring plots in major themes that best suit society and nature
C.Can't complete long or medium tasks, it can only describe key parts of things
D.Should choose the closest to the theme, the most representative plot to shape the artistic image

a
To study elementary particles, you must use extremely high energy.To understand the microstructure of matter, you must first change the microscopic matter, that is, you must find a way to break up these "small particles" such as atoms, nuclei, protons, and neutrons and break their interior Structure and various properties are exposed.
What is the correct interpretation of the "microstructure of matter" and "microscopic matter"?
A.The former refers to the internal combination mode of various small particles, and the latter refers to the various small particles that make up the substance
B.The former refers to the atomic structure (including the nucleus), and the latter refers to these small particles such as protons and neutrons.
C.Both reflect the structure of the microscopic material world, that is, the small particle structure constitutes the microscopic material
D.Both refer to molecules, atoms, protons, and neutrons that form matter

c
Su Shi believes that although Jia Yicai's studies are high, he can't judge the situation, and he died in depression.He also said: "Jia Shengzhi is big and small, so he has more than enough knowledge." From the occasion of Jia Yi, Su Shi said It is true; however, the cause of Jia Yi's tragedy is mainly the mistake of the ruler of the Dynasty.
What is the following statement that does not fit the text?
A.Su Shi believes that insufficient knowledge is an important reason to hinder Jia Yi's intellect
B.Su Shi did not look at the social environment to analyze the origin of Jia Yi's tragedy
C.Su Shi experienced ups and downs, so he sympathized with Jia Yi, who did not do his best
D.Su Shi affirmed Jia Yi's talents, while pointing out weaknesses in his character

b
Any artist who can create beauty must have a high starting point for learning.If the starting point is very low, it is easy to go with the mundane.Some older modern artists started in the early 1930s, following the teaching of Lu Xun's realism and devoting themselves to the Chinese revolution The torrents have a deep foundation.The accumulated experience can be used as a spokesperson for future generations.
What does not match the meaning of this paragraph?
A.Artists who have a high starting point of learning can not be as common with the world as Lu Xun
B.The high starting point for learning can create beauty, and can teach others for endorsement
C.Some old artists inherited from Lu Xun, devoted to the revolution, can be a model for future generations
D.The starting point of learning affects the artist's character and artistic accomplishment

b
Experts have mixed reactions to the application of biological gene technology in the production and processing of crops.Most experts agree with a serious idea: the development of genetically modified plants is associated with "long-term but real risks".
Which of the following points is obviously inconsistent with the attitude of "most experts"?
A.Genetically modified food cannot be said to be harmless because it has not yet had a serious negative impact
B.It is baseless to consider the negative effects of genetically modified plants
C.When there is no scientific arbitration, you should not tell everyone that technology is safe
D.There is a reason to call for the suspension of the cultivation of genetically modified crops on a large scale

b
Wallaby is a peculiar animal.They usually live in the wilderness, bushes and forests and live on grass.They live in groups but do not have fixed clusters.They often come together to find a large source of water and food.Eagles, pythons, and people all catch kangaroos, but the biggest harm to kangaroos is drought, young kangaroos will die, and female kangaroos will stop breeding.
Is the following statement correct?
A.Some kangaroos act alone
B.Kangaroos often come together to find water and food
C.The most serious threat to kangaroos is human capture
D.Kangaroos die in drought

d
Video games show us a new world different from real life.People's success in the game can be clearly defined and achievable.Players can control the entire world in the game, and get rid of the anxiety in real life.To make his behavior pivotal in the virtual world and become a hero.At the end of the game, he didn't really lose or win anything.
Does this passage directly support the view that?
A.Video games are completely unreal, and people don't really gain or lose anything in them
B.People can find a compromise between the real world and the world of desire through video games
C.People's success in games is clear and achievable, and therefore not virtual
D.Games allow people to easily satisfy a sense of accomplishment without paying a price

b
Scientific research is essentially opportunistic.Its purpose is not to do good or bad experiments, but to solve problems.If a problem happens to be awkwardly solved, then beautiful methods will never be found.
What does this not mean?
A.Scientific research doesn't care about the clumsiness or grace of the method, as long as it achieves the purpose of solving the problem
B.Opportunism in scientific research makes beautiful methods never found
C.The purpose of scientific research is to solve problems
D.Graceful methods are not the goal of scientific research

d
A few children have experienced such test-oriented education, and finally, they can grow into people who can think independently, and grow into imaginary and knowledgeable people.This is a miracle.
What does this not mean?
A.Examination-based education deprives children of independent thinking
B.Examination-based education narrows children's knowledge
C.Examination-oriented education narrows children's temperament
D.Praise the outstandings of a few children

d
"How long do you earn enough money to buy a McDonald's 'Big Mac'?" If asked suddenly, most people may take a nap, because many people are usually more accustomed to another algorithm, that is, I The monthly salary is enough to buy a few "Big Macs"? These two questions seem to be the same thing, but there are obvious differences in statistical significance.
The former looks at the value of labor as a commodity, but the latter?
A.Use labor to examine the value of goods
B.Use the value of goods to examine labor
C.Use income to measure purchasing power
D.Measure income with purchasing power

a
The remains of animals and plants that grow in or near the water are the easiest to preserve, because the necessary condition for the preservation of the remains of animals and plants is a rapid burial.Things can be buried quickly.
This passage mainly supports the view that?
A.Animal and plant remains can be easily preserved in the silt sea, rivers, and even lakes
B.Only the remains of animals and plants growing in or near the water can be preserved
C.The seas, rivers and even lakes that are constantly being silted are the best environments for the preservation of animal and plant remains.
D.Animal and plant remains can be preserved as soon as they are buried quickly

a
A: The national conditions and traditions of different countries are different, but the death penalty for murder and other serious criminal offenses is at least acceptable to most people.The public pronouncement and execution of the death penalty can effectively prevent the occurrence of vicious criminal cases.The impact must be much greater than the possible negative impacts, which is a necessary mechanism for social self-protection.B: I cannot accept your opinion.Because in my opinion, for impunity criminals, life imprisonment is more than the death penalty.More severe punishment, and the general public often thinks that only the death penalty is the most severe.
What is the most appropriate evaluation of the above dialogue?
A.Two people have a different understanding of what is the most severe criminal punishment
B.Two people have different understandings of the purpose of execution
C.Two people have different understandings of the causes of vicious criminal cases
D.Two people have different understandings about whether most people accept the death penalty

c
Strict logical reasoning has a certain history in history: public debate.The Athenians in the classical era were eloquent, there was a set of democratic election methods, eloquentness was popular, and there was even a strange habit: two people argued about one thing, There can be winnings, whoever wins will win winnings.The original intention of dialectics is to debate.One party has a flaw in its speech, and the other is trying to argue.If you are afraid of losing, you must be strict.
Obviously logic comes from this too.What does it mean if it doesn't fit this passage?
A.Eloquence was popular in Athens in the classical era
B.Dialectics is not just about winning in arguments with others
C.It's weird to argue about one thing in classical Athens
D.The emergence of logic may be related to the argument of the Athenians in the classical era

b
Some of our popular science articles often fail to arouse public interest, and one of the reasons is boring.To write popular science articles as "great and lavish" requires the writer's pen.The rapid development of science has provided a rich mine for literary writing I believe that once a visionary writer has experienced the richness and richness of scientific subjects, he will be intoxicated by its infinite scenery and forget to return.
What does this text talk about?
A.Dependence of Popular Science Articles on Writers
B.The mutual incentives of science and literature
C.The interdependent relationship between science and literature
D.Scientific development provides rich material for literature

a
With China's accession to the World Trade Organization and the rapid development of agricultural science and technology, the competition in agriculture is first and foremost the scientific and technological competition.Only by improving the cultural quality and scientific and technological consciousness of farmers as soon as possible, can we continue to promote a large number of advanced and practical agricultural scientific and technological achievements for agriculture and rural areas.Economic development provides strong scientific and technological support.China will continue to promote the adjustment of agricultural and rural economic structure, vigorously develop advantageous agricultural products and specialty industries, and will promote 50 high-quality, high-yield and efficient varieties and 10 key technologies in major food-producing areas.These varieties and The promotion and application of technology require high-quality farmers.To this end, the country has decided to vigorously develop adult education in rural areas, and generally carry out practical rural technical training in the country, which will train more than 100 million farmers each year.
What does this text mean?
A.Farmers urgently need to improve their scientific and cultural quality
B.The state has stepped up agricultural and rural economic restructuring
C.Development of science and technology can improve China's agricultural competitiveness
D.A large number of farmers receive practical technical training in rural areas every year

c
The eyes of the masses are clear, but if there is not enough guidance and restraint, this kind of "smart" may become a kind of paranoia and a kind of arrogance without direction.It is based on the "majority" over the "minority" The institutional arrangements on the board are likely to go into one-sided and narrow traps.For "superior" evaluation, officials face "one person" and "public" comments, and officials face "a group of people".The pressure of "sky" and the responsibility of "stand up" can complement each other to truly play a sufficient role in supervision.The organic combination of top-down and bottom-up supervision forces can avoid the one-sidedness of "one person" in the game.One-sided with "a group of people".
What's the point of this text?
A.Questioning the rationality of mass comment
B.The will of the masses must be reasonably guided and restrained
C.How to effectively monitor officials
D.How to achieve a balance between the masses and superiors

b
There is a view that structure games are nothing more than children's pieces together and moving without the need for too much teacher involvement.In fact, if the structure game can be carried out well, it can not only cultivate children's ability to match and space imagination Thinking ability, and can promote children's hand, brain, and eye coordination and cultivate children's aesthetic ability of plastic arts.But to make structural games play such a role, teachers must not only participate, but also demonstrate and guide without losing time.Dial, otherwise, this effect is impossible.
What's the point of this text?
A.The healthy development of young children cannot be separated from structural games
B.Kindergarten teachers have a lot to do with the formation of children's abilities
C.Qualified preschool teachers should master the teaching method of structural games
D.Young children's aesthetic ability to plastic art depends on structural games

a
No matter what article, once selected into the Chinese textbook, it will no longer be an independent work in the original sense, but an organic part of the entire textbook system, which is "the foundation of basic skills training".
"Reliance on basic skills training"?
A.Various works included in Chinese textbooks
B.Those works that maintain their original meaning and exist independently
C.An integral part of the entire textbook system
D.Those works that are no longer in the original sense and exist independently

b
The Shanghai Zero Market Research Company made a comparison of children's education and development expenses in Shanghai, Beijing, and Guangzhou, and found that the cost of the children's education to the school in the three places was the lowest in Beijing; In terms of education expenditure, the expenditure level of Shanghai families is significantly lower; in terms of the overall level, the pocket money that Shanghai children receive and the cost of living required by the parents are also lower than in Beijing.
From this text, we can know that the Guangzhou family?
A.Less pocket money for children
B.The overall level of education expenditure for children is higher than in Shanghai
C.Spending levels on other education are between Beijing and Shanghai
D.The level of fees paid to the school for children's education is between Beijing and Shanghai

c
There is a very popular view that Chinese classical aesthetics emphasizes the unity of beauty and goodness.The implication is that Chinese classical aesthetics pays less attention to the unity of beauty and trueness.The author believes that Chinese classical aesthetics values beauty and beauty more than western aesthetics.Real unity.It gives beauty both a good character and a true character, and the true character is much higher than the good character.In short, in the understanding of beauty in Chinese classical aesthetics, the good is the soul and the true For the highest realm.
From this text, we can know the author's point of view?
A.Correct but not popular
B.Popularity is incorrect
C.Novel but not popular
D.Popular but not new

b
On the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, Michelangelo, a Renaissance art master, painted his characters so majestic and powerful.In Italy, whenever we see these majestic and powerful body artworks , We will deeply feel the courage and power of man to conquer nature and transform nature, so that we have a deeper understanding of the relationship between the Renaissance and modern sports.
This text is about the Renaissance and what?
A.Italy
B.Modern sports
C.Body art
D.Michelangelo

a
Go to work instead of earning money; go dancing regardless of whether others are paying attention; go to singing without thinking that someone is listening; go to love and forget all others are not to you; go to live like this world is heaven.
What does this text tell us?
A.Happiness is in one thought
B.Life needs more imagination
C.Go your own way and let others say
D.Do not have a too strong purpose

a
People don't like to lose their original "site" and don't like to lose face.They often fall into a kind of ideological trap, which is what economists call "sinking costs".It refers to an investment of time and money.It can be successfully recovered only after the sale is successful.In English-speaking countries, it is also known as "putting money into a drain."
What does this text tell us?
A.Many people have nostalgia and are not good at giving up
B.All investment in money and time will pay off
C.When calculating the investment cost, the "sinking cost" should also be added
D.When deciding whether to invest, you must forget your past investments

c
With the gradual implementation of macroeconomic control policies, China's economic growth will moderate moderately, the demand for oil and gas resources will decrease, and the conflict between supply and demand will be alleviated to a certain extent.According to the latest forecast of the International Energy Agency, China's crude oil this year Production will reach 175 million tons, an increase of 1% over last year; while crude oil consumption may exceed 300 million tons, an increase of about 12% over last year; imports will exceed 100 million tons, which may be close to 120 million tons, an increase from last year about 30%.
Based on this text, can we know?
A.China's crude oil supply is tight
B.China's crude oil consumption mainly depends on imports
C.China's dependence on imported crude oil has increased
D.China's demand for energy will decrease

d
If the court juror is too specialized, he may lose the normal vision of an ordinary person due to a strong professional perspective.The law is made for ordinary people and needs to be followed by ordinary people to be effective.Similarly, the judicial process requires ordinary people Institutional participation.
What is the point of this passage? ?
A.Outsiders interfere in court proceedings
B.Procedure in court
C.How the law can be effectively observed
D.Professional court judges

c
The original purpose of establishing the minimum wage was to maintain low-income poor workers, but in the end these people could not find a job.With the minimum wage requirement, of course, employers are more productive or "lovely".In the United States, the minimum wage Increased racial discrimination-many studies support this conclusion.
What causes the minimum wage system to make some people unable to find a job?
A.Some employers have racial discrimination
B.Wages are too low to sustain themselves
C.No employment advantage in compensation
D.Productivity does not meet employer requirements

d
People just want to explore the mysteries of the universe and find things they haven't seen before.As a result, there are many people who have lost their lives because of sky exploration.Human beings must conquer nature.The nature of the Jinsha River and the like have changed into a path, which is related to the national economy and the people's livelihood, and benefits future generations.The invention of the cable car has greatly developed the tourism industry, making a lot of money, satisfying the curiosity that the weak can also board the natural insurance, and the consequences have destroyed the human natural insurance.
What is the most accurate summary of the subject matter of this text?
A.The invention of the cable car can make nature's dangers pass-through
B.The cable car not only makes money in the tourism industry, but also fulfills the desire of tourists to explore
C.The gondola allows the weak to climb into the sky without having to worry about life-threatening
D.The cable car satisfies human curiosity and limits human exploration of nature

d
According to the current laws and regulations, all workers who have formed a labor relationship with the employer, whether they have signed a labor contract or have a de facto labor relationship, whether it is the original so-called staff or the so-called "informal personnel" For example, migrant workers and temporary workers are all regular employees of the enterprise.The only difference is that sooner or later the unit is different or the length of the labor contract is different.
It can be seen from this that there is no difference between workers?
A.Identity
B.Treatment
C.Rights
D.Relationship with business

c
For a long time, under the influence of traditional concepts, the judicial organs have inadequately protected the rights of citizens, legal persons and other organizations in the process of law enforcement.I don't know how to protect my legal rights, and there is no bright and reliable channel to support this protection.
What's the point of this text?
A.Judicial law enforcement is deeply influenced by traditional perceptions
B.The law enforcement process of the judiciary should also be based on law, and must be based on the law
C.Current lack of safeguards to compensate for rights violated by the judiciary
D.It is imperative to develop laws that regulate and restrict the enforcement process of judicial authorities

c
In summer, a few people are eager to cool, and instead of soy milk and milk for breakfast, this method will not affect the body in a short time, but it will hurt the "stomach" in the long term.In the morning, the organs of the body's systems have not yet come out of sleep Excessive consumption of cold food will cause contractions and irregular blood flow in various systems in the body.Therefore, you should eat hot food such as hot porridge and hot soy milk at breakfast, and then eat vegetables, bread, fruits, and snacks.
What is this paragraph about?
A.The importance of eating breakfast in the summer
B.The dangers of drinking cold drinks for summer breakfast
C.What to eat for summer breakfast
D.Precautions for Breakfast in the Summer

b
Recently, some energy experts pointed out that many cities in the country are currently engaged in "glorious projects", which is not suitable under the current situation of widespread power shortages in China.According to the calculation of the Shanghai Electric Power Department, after all the lighting projects in Shanghai are started, the power consumption The amount will reach 200,000 kilowatt-hours, accounting for 2% of the entire city's total power generation, which is equivalent to the current power supply capacity of the Three Gorges Power Plant in Shanghai.
What's the point of this text?
A.Glorious projects are not good for the country and people
B.It is not appropriate to promote glorious projects everywhere
C.The total power generation of Shanghai is not high
D.Astonishing power consumption in Shanghai's lighting projects

c
Russian antivirus software supplier Kaspersky Lab announced on June 15 that an international virus writing group called 29a has created the world's first virus that can be transmitted between mobile phones.Spersky Lab said that on the 15th, the 29a team sent the code of the `` Carbill '' worm to some anti-virus manufacturers, which confirmed that the virus has the ability to spread between mobile phones.
This paragraph of text is a piece of news in a newspaper.What is the most suitable subject for this paragraph of text?
A."Carbil" worm born in Russia
New contributions from B.29a's International Virus Compilation Group
C.World's first virus spread between mobile phones is born
D.Anti-virus manufacturers confirm that viruses can be transmitted between mobile phones

b
Modern psychological research suggests that when a person feels upset, distressed, and anxious, his body's blood pressure and oxidation will decrease, and when he is happy, the entire metabolism will improve.
What do we know from this passage?
A.People can adjust their blood pressure by adjusting their mood
B.There is a close relationship between a good mood and a person's physical health
C.Lower blood pressure and oxidation indicate that the person is in a bad mood
D.As long as you are happy, you can improve your entire metabolism

b
The electric tower project to be built near the Summer Palace entered the environmental protection hearing procedure in a wave of opposition.The incident did not end here, it not only tested the citizens' determination to maintain their homes and the wisdom of city decision-makers, but also related to the Summer Palace.The fate of many scenic resources and cultural relics.
What can't we deduce from this text?
A.The electrical tower project has not officially started so far
B.Electric tower engineering is not a wrong decision
C.Most citizens are more determined to maintain their homes
D.Attractions that are not only threatened by the Summer Palace

d
The World Heritage Convention stipulates that the country where the World Heritage is located must guarantee the authenticity and integrity of the heritage.The function of the World Heritage, the first layer is scientific research, the second layer is educational function, and finally the tourism function.Many places are gradually Corrected, but there are still many unsatisfactory things.
What can't we deduce from this text?
A.The country where the world heritage is located should properly protect the world heritage
B.The most valuable value of World Heritage is its scientific research value
C.There are still many violations of the World Heritage Convention
D.All countries where World Heritage sites are located place too much emphasis on their tourism functions

d
"Artificial beauty" is a very eye-catching word recently.Everyone has a heart of beauty.The dream of the ugly duckling becoming a white swan can be realized in a short time through plastic surgery.Said, it is all a temptation.At present, plastic surgery has become a fashion choice for many beautiful women to increase their personal beauty index.At the same time, many women have paid a painful price for this ...
As an introduction to the article, what is it most likely to talk about?
A.Methods, principles and effects of plastic surgery
B.Plastic surgery is favored by many women
C.The changes that plastic surgery brings to women's lives
D.Pain from failed plastic surgery

b
In the early days of highway development, they could follow the landscape, that is, along the edges of rivers or forests.But today, highways are omnipresent, and animal populations that could have wandered freely, such as wolves and bears, have been fragmented.Compared with large animal populations, smaller animal populations are more volatile in number and more prone to mischief.
What is this passage about?
A.Trends in road development
B.Impact of roads on animals
C.Changes in animal survival
D.The different fate of different animals

c
In foreign countries, many genetic and infectious diseases belong to the privacy of citizens, and in China, it is quite common for some institutions to disclose citizens' privacy arbitrarily.The law still lacks relevant regulations and effective protection for this.No judicial remedies are available.
What does the author want to express through this passage?
A.Relevant institutions in China should strictly protect the privacy of citizens' conditions
B.Chinese citizens' awareness of personal privacy protection is still weak
C.China's legal system for protecting personal privacy needs to be improved
D.In terms of medical treatment, there is still a certain gap between China and other countries

c
Because foreign forecasters often change positions, China has a team of forecasters who are serious and responsible and have many years of practical experience, which make up for the shortcomings of detection equipment and numerical forecasting.
Can we know from this passage?
A.Forecasters abroad are not as serious as forecasters in China
B.Detection equipment and numerical forecasts determine the accuracy of typhoon forecasts
C.The accuracy of the typhoon forecast is also affected by the situation of the forecaster himself
D.There is still a big gap between the accuracy rate of typhoon forecast in China and developed countries

c
Listening to Mozart's music can improve IQ, which is called the "Mozart effect".Whether or not the "Mozart effect" has such magical effects, the role of music in shaping sentiment and soothing the mind is gradually emerging.It is also obvious that humans cannot do without music fact.
Can we know from this passage?
A.The author agrees with the "Mozart effect"
B.The author believes that music can improve IQ
C.Can't see if the author agrees with the "Mozart effect"
D.Music plays a key role in brain development

d
Today, flat-panel TVs are gaining popularity, and a kind of ultra-thin picture tube TVs that imitate the shape of flat-screen TVs are more than ten centimeters thinner than ordinary TVs.They appear in home appliance stores.It was awkward to sell when it went public.
What does this passage say?
A."Flat TV" will continue to occupy the mainstream of the TV market
B.The market position of "ultra-thin picture tube TV" is not clear enough
C.Compared to "flat TV", "ultra-thin picture tube TV" does not have a competitive advantage
D.Compared with "ultra-thin picture tube TV", "flat panel TV" is more in line with the actual needs of consumers

d
Experts believe that if the automotive technology industry can reduce fuel consumption by 3% after years of research and development, it can be considered a very significant research result; but even if it can reduce fuel consumption by 3%, it is not obvious to consumers in real life.Automobile manufacturers have already tried to save fuel as much as possible without affecting the acceleration power performance.At present, the cars produced have reached the optimal ratio of fuel efficiency and power.
Based on the above, is the following statement correct?
A.Car consumers don't care if they save 3% on gasoline
B.The cars currently produced have reached the best braking force effect
C.No matter how automotive technology develops, the fuel-saving effect will not be significant
D.It is very difficult to make a breakthrough in the optimal configuration ratio of fuel-saving and power.

c
We cannot simply assume that the lexicographers are wrong, and that they will not make arbitrary changes to the use of vocabulary.They must have been carefully studied and considered.However, lexicographers cannot ignore a basic fact and the basic requirements derived from it.: Languages and words are commonly used by the broad masses of the people, and they have an extremely extensive social nature.Therefore, the standardization of languages and words cannot be carried out in the ivory tower, but must follow the mass line.
What do you mean by "basic requirements" in this passage?
A.Dictionary compilers cannot change the vocabulary
B.Dictionary compilers should be familiar with the specific process of dictionary compilation
C.The standardization of language should serve the general public
D.The standardization of language should be decided by the general public

c
Relevant authoritative sources said that the arrival of a population of 1.3 billion has brought new and serious challenges to China's population and family planning work.It is now a period of low population growth and high growth coexistence.The basic national conditions of the large population have not changed.The low fertility level is not stable, the sex ratio of the birth population continues to rise, the floating population, the elderly population will enter a peak period, and the sharp increase in the labor population has added significant pressure to full employment.
What can be concluded from this passage?
A.China's population growth rate has continued to increase in recent years
B.China's population growth has continued to increase in recent years
C.The proportion of China's elderly population in the total population will increase
D.The trend of continued population growth in China will be changed

b
After a period of sports injury, after a period of treatment and rest, the swelling and pain symptoms gradually disappear, and many people think that they have fully recovered, but it is not true.In the later stage of injury recovery, the function of the injured site must be strengthened without increasing pain Sexual exercise, to prevent tissue deformation or functional changes caused by long-term metabolic disorders in the injured area, only in this way can you fully recover.
According to this passage, what is the correct understanding?
A.After a long period of sports injury and treatment
B.Functional exercise is an adjuvant treatment for sports injuries
C.Late injury recovery is the best stage for functional exercise
D.Whether the pain symptoms are sufficient to determine whether the patient is recovering

b
Books are inexhaustible, and even useless reading is useless, and many books have no value in reading.Reading more worthless books loses the time and energy to read a valuable book.
What is the author's point of view?
A.Read less and be better
B.Read carefully
C.No more reading
D.Reading often pays off

d
Li Guang is a famous Western Han dynasty, known as the parachutist.The shooting of his stone is seen in the "Historical Records", which is transcribed as follows: "Guang Chu hunts, sees the grass in the grass, thinking that the tiger shot it, and the stone is not stunned.Look at it, the stone also.What s more, I ca nt re-enter Shiyan.Although it s all the effort, the result is very different.The reason is not difficult to understand.Li Guang began to mistake the stone as a tiger.Because it is related to life and death, the potential in the body is all He was excited, so he could shoot the arrow into the stone.After he figured out that it was just a stone, not a tiger, his mentality had changed, so no matter how hard he tried, the arrow that was fired "cannot return to the stone ".
What does this tell us?
A.Human potential is infinite
B.Li Guang's shot into the stone is a fluke
C.As long as you work hard, nothing can't be done
D.The exciting potential is conducive to greater success

c
This is the best inter-city arena.Each bid is a clever urban public relations.For the freshmen and nobles, this is indeed a wonderful step to enter the room.The members of the International Olympic Committee On the ballot papers, they are not simply ticking, they are also mapping the inter-city ups and downs on the World Billboard.
What does this passage mean?
A.IOC members vote to host cities
B.Public relations work is the key to the success of bidding and hosting the Olympic Games
C.The bidding and hosting of the Olympic Games is a reflection of the strength of competition between cities in the world
D.Bidding and hosting of the Olympic Games is a great opportunity for emerging cities to enter the international stage

c
If the history of the earth is condensed into an hour, by the end of the last 15 minutes, the life square powder ink appears.With 6 minutes left, the animals began to flash on the land, and when the 58th minute comes, everything is set.
What does this passage mean?
A.Earth has a long history
B.Earth has a long history
C.Earth's life appeared quite late
D.Earth's history is as short as an hour

b
As a whole, China plays a decisive role in the world; but as individuals, many Chinese still feel that they have nothing.The strength of the country and the weakness of individuals make some people psychologically unbalanced, and feel that they still live like victims of bullying in the semi-colonial era Because of this, we need to have a rational understanding of the state of our existence and overcome the narrow "victim complex." Otherwise, rising China will find it difficult to assume responsibilities that are commensurate with its international status.
What is the core meaning of this passage?
A.China urgently needs to improve the personal status of its citizens
B.The Chinese need to adjust their mental state
C.Why the Chinese have a "victim complex"
D.Rising China should assume the corresponding international status

d
After a century of decline, the South-to-North Water Diversion Project may be the last opportunity for the Grand Canal.The backwater of the Yangtze River once again connected the main part of the Grand Canal, and the vitality appeared.The Grand Canal was just waiting for a time to let it integrate into the new civilization The Grand Canal has a history of 2,500 years.It is not afraid of change, but how to change is in the hands of modern people.
What's the point of this passage?
A.Backwaters of the Yangtze River bring the Grand Canal to life again
B.The historic Grand Canal has been declining for a hundred years
C.How the Grand Canal changed in the hands of modern people
D.South-to-North Water Transfer Project is an important opportunity to change the fate of the Grand Canal

d
Humor makes people feel like a spring breeze, and it can also relieve embarrassment.A person who knows humor will know how to resolve the obstacles in front of us.Sometimes we accidentally make tension instead of ease, and seriousness instead of easy, and we accidentally become boring.
What is the inaccurate understanding of this passage?
A.Tense life requires humorous adjustments
B.Many people are not good at using humor in life
C.Humor can resolve many embarrassments in life
D.Have a fun live because of humor

b
In the late Qing Dynasty, the closed Qing government began to set up the "Tongwen Pavilion" to hire foreigners to teach foreign languages such as English.Its main purpose was to be as little deceived as possible when signing unequal treaties with the powers.However, this is strictly limited to the technical level Language practice, but it has suddenly entered the fields of science and technology, culture, thought, and ideology, which eventually led to China's "big change in the millennium." Language exchange often brings unexpected gains, which makes people have more expectations.
What is the inaccurate understanding of this passage?
A.Innocent intentions, unexpected results
B.Bad things sometimes turn into good things
C.Language-communication can promote social progress
D.Mastering a foreign language is like opening a window

c
Natural resources are scarce, and property rights are very important.Because the property rights are clear, people will no longer be overloaded to graze.People who have seen the agriculture and animal husbandry areas in developed countries know that barbed wire is used to divide pastures, which is completely a gentleman boundary.You can't stop the villains.But in a legal society, this kind of boundary between gentlemen and villains has legal authority.No wonder there is a book that says the barbed wire is one of the ten greatest inventions of human society in the nineteenth century.
What does this not mean?
A.The division of property rights must be guaranteed by law
B.Barbed wire works only in a legal society
C.Law can restrain gentlemen but not villains
D.Clear property rights can prevent overexploitation of natural resources

c
Sometimes the defense of lawyers may well excuse the killers and harm public morals, but their "perfect" legal services are correct.Because the law of the rule of law is neutral, it transcends morality; and the "equal confrontation" proceedings must be Ensuring that the defendant enjoys all the legal services he has purchased.Even if the defendant is really a murderer, the lawyer helped him win the case and be released, and justice is frustrated.From the long-term interests of the legal system or "rule of procedure", it is still worth it.It can be outside the case.
What is the correct understanding of this passage?
A.The rule of law and morality are antagonistic
B.Justice cannot be found in a single case
C.The significance of maintaining legal procedures is more than just justice
D.To ensure the implementation of legal procedures, lawyers often have to do it

d
Since the reform and opening up, a wealthy class has indeed emerged.However, compared with the vast number of people, this class is rare after all.The growth point of China s luxury consumption is mainly in the middle class, which is their advanced consumption, which supports luxury China s current middle class is far from being comparable to the middle class in developed countries in terms of income level, consumption capacity, and consumption structure.
What is the main point you want to express in this passage?
A.Regal is not the main body of our consumers
B.China's "middle class" guides consumer trends
C.China's "middle class" is different from developed countries
D.China's "luxury era" is far from here

d
The deficit and surplus should be dialectically seen.The trade balance is always relative and dynamic.Sino-US economic and trade relations are win-win rather than zero-sum, and economic complementarity destined that the US-China deficit will be a long-term problem.In the future, the degree of China's participation in globalization and the intra-product division of labor will continue to deepen.As long as the current statistical methods are not changed, the U.S.deficit with China will continue, and the scale of China-US trade and economic cooperation will continue to expand.
What is the core point expressed in this passage?
A.China and the U.S.economy are complementary
B.The deficit or surplus depends on the statistical method used
C.US trade deficit with China will not change
D.US trade deficit with China should not affect Sino-US economic and trade relations

b
The changing scenes of the times are too great.To allow the younger generation to truly remember history, we must not stop at conceptual preaching.A truly complete and effective history education should be integrated into life.It should not be just in the memorial hall We can only see that it can be read-only in books.It should also penetrate into the neighborhoods and scenes in which we live in rich and appropriate forms, so that it can be turned into the "collective memory" of the entire nation.
What is the exact summary of this passage?
A.The significance of history education
B.The form of history education should be living
C.History education is available anytime, anywhere
D.History exists in the collective memory of a nation

d
On the eve of the G-8 summit, British media believed that the G-8 meeting would seek China's support in terms of greenhouse gas emissions.China is now the world's second-largest greenhouse gas emitter after the United States, and its greenhouse gas emissions This amount accounts for about 15% of global emissions, and this number is still rising.In the Kyoto Protocol initiated by the United Nations, China is also classified as a developing country, so it is not subject to the greenhouse gas reduction requirements of the treaty.constraint.
What is the most accurate reason for Europe and the United States to win China's support?
A.China's greenhouse gas emissions rank second in the world and increase year by year
B.China has a large world influence, but has not yet joined the Kyoto Protocol
C.China has the most economic potential in developing countries and has a huge impact on the economies of Europe and the United States
D.China emits large amounts of greenhouse gases, but is not bound by the treaties in the Kyoto Protocol

d
Modern society seems to be keen to talk about "masters".The era when there is no "master" is more keen to talk about "masters".This is also in line with the market principle of scarcity.But "masters", especially humanities "masters," It must be people, not just "experts".However, the artificial division of disciplines cannot produce "masters" at all, but only "experts" in various subjects.The true comprehensive inheritance and development of academic culture depend on "masters" ", Not" experts."Experts "are only those who have the expertise, and" masters "are the ones who have continued in the past.The lack of" masters "is a basic sign of an academic crisis.
What is the point supported by this passage?
A.Without "Master", society cannot progress
B.Social concerns are misplaced and there is no such thing as a "master"
C.The artificial division of disciplines leads to a lack of "experts" and "masters" in society
D."Expert" is not necessarily "Master", and "Master" must be an "Expert"

d
This year, 11 college entrance exams were rejected by the University of Hong Kong because of unsatisfactory interview results.This is in line with mainland colleges chasing high-stakes candidates and rejoicing in order to recruit "winners." A sharp contrast has been formed.This move has caused a stir, and the media have pointed their finger at "exam-oriented education." The author believes that the admissions of Hong Kong University and "quality education" are not directly related, they only accept students according to their own requirements.This standard is only the standard in Hong Kong.As for whether it is optimal or suitable for the Mainland, it is a matter of opinion.
What is the author's point of view?
A.The admission criteria of the University of Hong Kong are not the best criteria for selecting students
B.The University of Hong Kong has the right to recruit students independently, and the media should not criticize too much
C.The criteria for selecting students by the University of Hong Kong are not in line with the current situation in the Mainland
D.The reason why the University of Hong Kong does not admit "No.1 Scholar" is that they do not meet the admission criteria of the university

d
On the surface, humanistic education seems to only impart knowledge in literature, history, and philosophy, especially under the current discipline system.All education seems to be quantifiable into objective knowledge and abilities, such as the English level examination.In fact, humanistic education is passed The study of literature, history and philosophy, through the absorption and recognition of the results accumulated by human beings over thousands of years, enables students to have independent personality will, rich imagination and creativity, sound judgment and value orientation, and noble taste and sentiment Have good cultivation and compassion, have a sense of responsibility to individuals, families, nations, and the world, and have a duty to the destiny of humanity.
What is the main point expressed in this passage?
A.English grade test is a kind of humanistic education familiar to the public
B.The main content of humanities education is to impart knowledge on literature, history, and philosophy
C.Under the current discipline system, humanities education can be quantified as objective knowledge and ability
D.The purpose of humanistic education includes the promotion of the realm of human nature, the shaping of personality, and the realization of personal and social values

b
Digital library is the product of the development of computer technology, multimedia technology, network technology, and other related technologies.It has advantages and characteristics unmatched by traditional libraries, and the scope of its services greatly exceeds the walls of libraries.Available, can realize all-weather, fully automatic, intelligent services.In recent years, the construction and research of digital libraries have made great progress in China, including public libraries, college libraries, and various intelligence agencies, etc., one after another Construction of various types of digital libraries has been carried out to provide users with various forms of services.
What is the most accurate summary of this passage?
A.Digital libraries represent the direction of future library development
B.Digital libraries have many advantages and develop rapidly in the country
C.Great progress has been made in the construction and research of domestic digital libraries
D.Digital libraries have advantages and characteristics unmatched by traditional libraries

c
French language official Meyer said: "What kind of culture is there is what kind of language." Therefore, the instrumentality of language itself is cultural.If you only focus on listening, speaking, reading, writing training or language, The teaching of vocabulary and grammatical principles, thinking that in this way you can understand English and communicate in English, often because you do not understand the cultural background of the language, there are frequent embarrassing phenomena such as ambiguity and pragmatic errors.
This text mainly states:
A.Language is both instrumental and cultural
B.Characteristics of cultural teaching in language officer teaching
C.Culture teaching should be valued in language teaching
D.Reasons for various pragmatic errors in communication

d
In today's business world, oversupply is a common phenomenon.In order to convince customers to buy their own products, large-scale competition has started between manufacturers of similar products, and they often have to try to remind consumers of their product names and superior products.Quality, which requires advertising.
The most appropriate summary of this text is:
A.Advertising is an inevitable product of the business world
B.Competition between businesses using advertisements
C.Advertising is to convince customers to buy
D.Advertising is the product of oversupply in economic activity

d
Space exploration has been blamed since the beginning, but we have successfully used satellites for long-range communications, weather forecasting, and oil extraction.Space exploration projects will also help us discover new energy and new chemical elements, and those chemical elements may Help us cure the incurable diseases now.
This text mainly tells us that space exploration:
A.Pros and cons
B.Can cure the terminal illness
C.Very controversial
D.Significant

b
Behavioral science research shows that interpersonal relationships at work are usually less complex and looser.It may be because they are more regular, easier to predict, and easier to coordinate.Because people know that they work together every day, Cooperate with each other to complete a certain job.
This passage is mainly to emphasize:
A.Lack of regular interpersonal relationships
B.The relationship between staff is relatively simple
C.Common goals unite staff
D.Maintaining good interpersonal relationships requires joint efforts

b
Every economic policy issued by the government will change the income expectation of some interest groups.For self-interest, these interest groups will always try to use various behavior choices to offset the losses caused by the policy.If the government really does this, The change of the original policies not only invalidated the policies issued by the government, but also made the government's ability to regulate and control the economy steadily decline due to the loss of credibility.
This text is mostly fanciful:
A.Obstacles encountered by the government in formulating economic policies
B.The government must continue to implement its policies
C.Factors that must be considered when formulating economic policy
D.Government's ability to regulate and control the macroeconomy

c
In the new round of economic battlefields without smoke, economic growth will mainly depend on scientific and technological progress.While dissecting China's scientific and technological innovation structure, we can see that there is no shortage of research universities and national laboratories in China.Research bases and research-oriented enterprises.Enterprise-funded, co-constructed, wholly-owned research institutions.Such as Bell Labs in the United States are such research bases.
The gist of this text is:
A.To give full play to the important role of enterprises in technological innovation
B.There is no research university in China, what is lacking is research enterprise
C.Strengthening the construction of research bases involving enterprises is the only way for China's economy to take off
D.Enterprise funding, joint construction, and wholly-owned research institutes are the key to improving business efficiency

d
The experience of a company fully shows that in addition to specialized marketing departments, successful marketing operations also need excellent products, sophisticated market research, and no less than professional business departments, public relations departments, financial departments that are good at analysis, and logistics and logistics.The full cooperation and support of other departments.If the marketing department is strong and the other departments are weak, or the marketing department is not compatible with other departments, or the company cannot be effectively integrated within the company, it will prevent the marketing operation from running smoothly and effectively, and it will be difficult to exert its due Powerful.
The main emphasis of this passage is:
A.Effective integration of the company's various departments is key to its success
B.Focusing on teamwork is a valuable experience for the company's success
C.Successful marketing operations can bring huge economic benefits to the business
D.The marketing department can only function better in close cooperation with relevant departments

b
In the information age, the existence of information is different from previous forms of information.It exists in the form of sound, light, electricity, magnetism, code, etc.This makes it "easy to transfer", that is, it can be easily modified, stolen or illegally transmitted.And use, coupled with the increasingly widespread application of information technology, the various social effects brought about by information technology products are also unexpected.In the information society, direct communication between people has been greatly reduced, and replaced by indirect ones., Non-face-to-face, non-direct contact new type of communication.This type of communication has various forms, and the behavior of information stakeholders is difficult to restrict with traditional ethical rules.
As an introduction to an article, what will be discussed later in this text is most likely:
A.Update of information existence form
B.Information Society and Information Ethics
C.Diversified forms of interpersonal communication
D.Information Technology Products and Lifestyle

d
Although the world is glorious because of inventions, individual inventors still often struggle in adversity.The market only recognizes products with direct consumption value, and few people will "pay for" the ideals of inventors.There are professionals in the world Teachers and scientists, because people recognize the importance of education and science to human beings.Teachers and scientists can nurture students and explore the universe without worries; however, there is no such profession as "inventor" in the world, and no one pays for invention Home salary.
The main text of this paragraph is to express;
A.The development of the world cannot be separated from the invention
B.Inventors are in a more difficult position than scientists
C.Inventions usually have no direct consumption value
D.Society should provide more protection for inventors

d
Why are some leaders reluctant to assume the role of "coach" in the management process? Why aren't many leaders willing to ask and teach others? On the one hand, the coaching staff takes a lot of time, and the leader's time is the most precious resource.Another reason is whether the coaching of subordinates can achieve the expected results, it is difficult to say.Because there is a lot of knowledge and methods that are 'only conscious and intelligible.' At a deeper level, the role of "coach" requires leaders to have the qualities of a psychologist and an educator, which is also difficult for ordinary people.Have it.
What is most suitable for the title of Wenyu in this paragraph is:
A.Inefficiency, over leadership?
B.Team awareness needs to be enhanced
C.Staff training, how can we ignore it?
D.It is easy to be a leader, but difficult to be a "coach"

c
In the eight-hour workday, the average effective work time is about six hours.If one does not work hard, it is likely that the effective work time is only four hours a day; but if another person works hard, he must never Most of my thoughts are on work.Even after work hours, my mind is constantly thinking about things at work, generating new ideas, thinking about solutions to problems, etc.On the same day, it may be possible to accumulate work equivalent to +2 hours Experience, long-term, then two people work the same for ten years.The former may only accumulate work experience equivalent to six or seven years, but the latter already has work experience equivalent to twenty years.
The main emphasis of this passage is:
A.Habit
B.Method
C.Attitude
D.Experience

b
British scientists point out that above Antarctica, the top of the fugitive layer in the atmosphere has fallen by about 8 kilometers in the past 40 years.Above Europe, similar observations have been made.Scientists believe that the atmosphere may continue to contract due to the greenhouse effect In the 21st century, carbon dioxide concentrations are expected to increase several times, which will shrink the space boundary by 20 kilometers, and continue to reduce the density of the thermal ionosphere in areas above the dissipative layer.
The main meaning of this text is;
A.The shrinking space boundary will gradually increase
B.The greenhouse effect will continue to shrink the atmosphere
C.The top of the dissipative layer in the atmosphere will continue to decline
D.Unexpected impact of shrinking atmosphere on satellites

b
Even if society strives to provide an equal opportunity system, people will still form an income gap in the initial distribution.Since capital in the market economy also needs to be paid, people who own capital can also get paid by owning capital.This is even greater.The income gap in the initial distribution.Therefore, after the market economy system is adopted, in order to reduce the income distribution gap, the gap formed in the primary distribution must be reduced through the redistribution process led by the state; otherwise, the income distribution gap will be reduced.Large, the formation of excessive differentiation and conflict of social classes, leading to the contradiction of public surplus.
This text mainly talks about:
A.The income balance is difficult to achieve
B.The redistribution process is essential
C.Distribution gap stems from institutions
D.Income distribution system must be reformed

a
The survey shows that journalists' careers are closely related to the Internet.However, it only accounts for 1.8% of the number of Internet users.Compared with a large number of young students and Internet users (19.3% of the total), teachers and leading cadres of party, government, enterprise and public institutions have fewer Internet access TV drama accounts for 5% and 3.4% of the total number of Internet users); compared with those who earn less than 500 yuan and between 500 and 1,000 yuan per month (21% and 29% of the total number of Internet users, respectively), the proportion of people with higher incomes accessing the Internet There has been no significant increase; only 5.8% of the total number of people engaged in business activities go online.
In line with the text's meaning:
A.Occupation is not directly related to Internet access
B.The Internet has become the main source of information for modern people
C.E-commerce has not achieved real development in China
D.The higher the income, the higher the proportion of Internet users

d
Electric products are susceptible to damage from sudden power failures.Power failures may be brief, only one-tenth of a second, but they may be destructive to electronic products.To prevent this from happening, uninterruptible power supplies are widely used in Computer systems, communication systems, and other electronic equipment.Uninterruptible power supplies convert AC power to DC power, and then charge the battery.In this way, the battery can make up for the intermittent power outage during a power outage.
This text mainly talks about:
A.Damage to electricity caused by power failure
B.How to use a battery to prevent power failure
C.Measures to prevent power outages from damaging electronic products
D.Working principle and function of uninterruptible power supply

d
The competitiveness of a city depends, in essence, not only on the quality of the hard environment-the level of infrastructure, the strength of the economic strength, the strength of the industrial structure, the friendliness of the natural environment, etc., but also the soft environment.This soft environment is composed of many human elements such as social order, public morals, cultural atmosphere, education standards, spiritual civilization, etc., and all of this depends mainly on the overall quality of the citizens.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Humanistic elements constitute the soft environment of urban competitiveness
B.The soft environment depends on the overall quality of citizens
C.Urban competitiveness is determined by both hard and soft environments
D.Improving the overall quality of citizens will help improve the competitiveness of cities

d
Many heads of state did not have rich diplomatic experience before taking office, but this did not prevent them from making successful diplomatic decisions.As long as you have a high degree of political sensitivity, accurate information analysis ability and decisive courage, Can quickly learn how to make successful diplomatic decisions.For a foreign policymaker lacking all three qualities, the rich diplomatic experience is of little value.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Diplomatic experience does not help make the right diplomacy
B.Diplomatic experience comes from years of diplomatic practice
C.Successful foreign policy decisions vary from person to person
D.The quality of foreign policymakers is more important than diplomatic experience

d
Collective behaviors manifested in an institutional arrangement and policy-oriented way.It is just a comprehensive expression of many individual wishes and individual choices.Unless each of us cares about the environment and takes specific actions, no government will have the motivation ( Or pressure) to promote environmental protection policies.Even if the government has formulated perfect environmental protection laws and regulations, but if every citizen does not actively comply, no matter how good the environmental protection laws and regulations are, they will not achieve the expected results.
One of the main points supported by this passage is:
A.The government has a responsibility to raise environmental awareness among the entire population
B.Perfect environmental regulations are the key to the success of environmental protection policies
C.Environmental regulations formulated by the government should reflect the individual citizens' wishes
D.Every citizen should raise their environmental awareness

b
Scientists have discovered that the hippocampus inside the gray matter of the brain can function as a memory storage box, but the resolution of this storage area city is not strong, and the stimulation of the same brain area city can cause it to produce real and false memories.Memory is separated from false memory, and researchers have proposed a method to strengthen memory through background recall.If something has not really happened, it is difficult to strengthen the human brain's memory of it through this method.
This text is mainly about:
A.Relationship between real memory and vacation memory
B.Separation of real and false memories
C.The role of the hippocampus inside the gray matter of the brain
D.How false memories are produced

a
The desert in China does provide scientists in the world with the most similar laboratory to the Martian environment.Scientists have been to the coldest Antarctica on Earth and the driest Chilean Atacama Desert, but what they really need is an extreme environment that combines the two.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Chinese deserts provide an ideal place for alien research
B.Chinese desert is more suitable for biological research than Antarctica
C.Why do scientists choose the Chinese desert as the research object
D.Having the most extreme environment is the main feature of the Chinese desert

d
Wetlands refer to the transition zone between land and water bodies.Together with forests and oceans, they are called the three major ecosystems of the earth.They play an important role in maintaining biodiversity, regulating climate, and resisting floods.The flood finally made people realize that wetlands (especially the many lakes and swamps connected to the Yangtze River) can buffer the flood.However, many lakes were artificially isolated because of the need for farming around the lake, leaving only A rarely opened sluice communicated with the Yangtze River, so these naturally formed water nets were cut off, and they were powerless in the face of floods.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Farming around lakes is a wrong move that does more harm than good
B.Occupation of wetlands is an important factor causing floods in the Yangtze River
C.Human beings should reflect on the environmental damage caused by their actions
D.The buffering effect of wetlands on floods should be brought into full play

d
As an ancient country with a history of 5,000 years of uninterrupted civilization, China has a wealth of intangible cultural heritage.These living cultures not only constitute the profound cultural heritage of the Chinese nation, but also carry the genes of the cultural origin of the Chinese nation.With the acceleration of China's modernization, cultural standardization, and changes in environmental conditions, there are still countless cultural heritages that are endangered.They are like shadows that may die out at any time.
The most accurate summary of this text is:
A.New thinking on cultural heritage protection
B.Attention must be paid to new problems brought about by modernization
C.Urgent need to strengthen cultural heritage protection in the new situation
D.Many factors threaten the survival of cultural heritage

c
High energy prices are not all bad because price levers will automatically regulate the flow of oil and ensure that mankind can find better new energy with the remaining oil, instead of using it all to cool the summer that did not exist decades ago.In terms of energy demand, in fact, if we follow price leverage without even educating consumers, everyone will make rational choices.Where the price leverage does not work, most of the problems are with the mechanism itself.Make price leverage more efficient.
The core point of this passage is:
A.Reforming the system is a prerequisite for giving full play to price leverage
B.The needless waste of energy should be given due attention
C.Increasing energy prices is conducive to rational use and energy conservation
D.Give full play to the role of price leverage in regulating energy flows

c
The commercial design may be increasingly given the value of artistic creation and appreciation, but its fundamental starting point and endpoint is always to show the characteristics of the product to customers in an artistic way.If a commercial design cannot reminiscent of the product and Even if it is exquisite and creative, it cannot be considered a successful design.After all, the most important thing about advertising outside of creativity is its relevance.We do nt want to be attracted by a beautiful work, but the result is There is no connection between it and the endorsed goods.
The most accurate summary of this text is:
A.Unique ideas are not an absolute element of commercial design
B.For design, attracting customers should be number one
C.A successful design must be artistic
D.The commercial design should try to emphasize the relevance of advertising and products

c
The status quo of China's consumer credit market makes Western banks that have invested heavily in the Chinese banking industry still invest in credit card business and are not profitable.However, foreign banks have not lost confidence in the Chinese credit card market.Although Chinese consumers have not overdrawn Consumption habits, and the other side of this "coin" is that the personal debt ratio of Chinese residents is very low.The personal consumer credit market in mainland China has just begun to develop, which is extremely attractive to foreign banks.
"Coin" in this text refers to:
A.China's banking industry
B.China's consumer credit market
C.Consumption habits of Chinese consumers
D.The economic status of Chinese residents

d
Goethe commented that Pagnini "shows a fire-like soul on the strings".The Parisian was intoxicated by his vocals and forgot cholera that was popular at the time.In Vienna, a blind man heard his vocals and thought it was the band was playing.When they learned that this was just the sound of an Italian named Pagnini playing the violin, the blind yelled, "This is a devil!"
The text is intended to emphasize Paganini:
A.Passion like fire
B.Devil-like performance
C.Super imitation
D.Superb performance

a
Fei Xiaotong proposed "cultural consciousness" when reflecting on academic research in his life.He said: "People who live in a certain culture have 'self-knowledge' about their culture, understand its origin, the process of its formation, and its characteristics and its development trend, self-knowledge is to strengthen the autonomy of cultural transformation and to obtain the autonomy of deciding to adapt to the new environment and cultural choice in the new era."
According to this passage, the main role of "cultural consciousness" is:
A.Make the direction of cultural development more controllable
B.Making people more adaptable to a growing culture
C.Give people a deeper understanding of the origins and characteristics of culture
D.Make integration and transformation between different cultures easier

c
A young man sent many resumes to a number of advertising companies to apply for, and one of them wrote a letter to him: "Although you think you have a good essay, from your letter we found many grammatical errors, and even There are some typos."The young man thought that if this was true, I should thank them for telling me and correcting it.So he wrote a thank you letter to this company.A few days later, he received a letter from this company again Notify him of being hired.
This text mainly wants to tell us:
A.Opportunities are often obtained accidentally
B.The company attaches more importance to the attitude of job seekers when recruiting
C.Humility can gain more knowledge and respect from others
D.Good written knowledge is a prerequisite for successful job search

c
Climate warming will make the middle latitudes dry due to strong evaporation.Now agriculturally developed areas will degenerate into grasslands, high latitudes will increase precipitation, and temperate crops will be able to settle here.But globally, climate The negative effects of warming on the world economy are major, and the benefits are only localized.
This text aims to illustrate climate warming:
A.Will reduce total global precipitation
B.the advantages outweigh the disadvantages for local areas
C.Will have a negative impact on the world economy
C.Will lead to changes in the agricultural structure of countries around the world

b
There is a sentence on the wall of the National Institute of Meteorology in Washington: "When we do it right, no one will remember; when we do it wrong, no one will forget."
The purpose of this sentence on the wall of the Meteorological Institute is to:
A.Hope people understand the difficulties and difficulties of meteorological work
B.Urge employees to work to prevent any errors in their work
C.Encourage employees to remain obscured, regardless of personal fame and fortune
D.Highlight the particularity of meteorological research itself

c
Although about 99.5% of the evolutionary history of chimpanzees and humans are common, most thinkers see chimpanzees as monsters that have nothing to do with humans, and see themselves as the masters of all things.Not so.There is no objective basis for believing that one species is nobler than another.Whether it is chimpanzees and humans, or lizards and fungi, they have evolved through a process called natural selection that lasts 3 billion years.
The text is intended to clarify:
A.Most thinkers do not understand the ideas of evolution
B.True thinkers should treat all species equally
C.All species are in fact the result of natural selection
D.The evolutionary history of chimpanzees and humans is very similar

c
I picked up the book "The Urchin at the Crossroads" several times, and put it down again, because from time to time there are pictures that interrupt my thinking, which are pictures of each of the urchins that I encountered during my 18-year teaching career.The thing that other students freeze in my memory is "pictures"-images, but they are "videos"-stories.The teacher's "memory" they occupy is much larger than other children.
The main meaning of this text is:
A.A long teaching career left a lot of memories for "I"
B.Puck reminds me of many stories that have happened
C.The "naughter" impressed by the naughty students is more vivid
D.This book touches many associations of "I" with a teaching career

c
Automobiles are a commodity that has a greater impact on the environment.It seems natural that automobile manufacturers support environmental protection causes and carry out environmental protection propaganda.Environmental protection should be a factor that must be carefully considered in the development of automobile companies, but it is required that automobile companies have no profits or even losses.Environmental protection is obviously unrealistic, and it will not last.Auto companies are adopting new technological measures while minimizing environmental pollution and meeting the general trend of social development.
The core point of this passage is:
A.There is a contradiction between environmental protection and the realization of corporate profits
B.Development of environmental protection cause should focus on starting from reality
C.Technical innovation is the key to solving the environmental impact of automobiles
D.Auto companies should pay full attention to environmental protection while developing

a
Prior to the 1960s, countries around the world generally paid attention to flood control engineering measures, that is, to control floods by constructing dams, reservoirs and other water conservancy facilities.However, after the 1960s, countries around the world paid more and more attention to the use of non-engineering measures in flood control planning.That is, through flood warning, disaster assessment, flood insurance, and other means, combined with various engineering measures, so as to minimize the impact of floods on human economic, environmental and social development.
This text mainly talks about:
A.Transfer of flood prevention concepts across the world
B.New ways for countries to control floods
C.Emphasis on flood control projects cannot effectively control floods
D.Non-engineering measures have gradually become the dominant feature of flood control planning

b
The spread of material culture and technological culture is not limited to the physical and technological fields.They may also affect people s spiritual world and lifestyle.They may even have unexpected effects.Because of these material products and technological inventions, they also It embodies the spiritual ideas, aesthetic tastes and value pursuits of creators and inventors, and reflect the contamination and education of cultural traditions they accept as members of a cultural community.The output of material culture and technical culture indirectly conveys this The spiritual content and cultural connotation contained in this material product, so that it becomes the representative of the cultural whole and spreads and affects it.
What's the point of this text?
A.The cultural connotation of material products comes from cultural traditions
B.Material culture and technical culture can also affect people's spiritual culture
C.Cultural traditions shared by different cultures promote the spread of material culture
D.Material culture and technical culture develop in the collision with different cultures

d
With the increasing aging of society, there are more and more empty nest elderly people in many communities.They cannot take care of themselves and need special social care.At present, the society's care for some elderly people who live alone is still lacking.It is a festival every year, although the relevant departments Visiting home to provide food and oil, clothing, money, etc., for the empty nest elderly, care is not in place, and measures are not enough.In this case, some traditional nursing homes, nursing homes, community mutual aid associations, etc.are more suitable for empty The place where the old people of Chao spend their old age can not only meet the living needs of the elderly, but also relieve the worries of their children.At the same time, it also strengthens the communication and mutual assistance between the community people, making more and more elderly people live a rich and colorful life in their old age.
What this text mainly explain?
A.The emergence of empty nests is not solely due to aging
B.The community is the best way to solve the phenomenon of empty-nest elderly
C.Children should play a greater role in solving the empty nest problem
D.Empty nest seniors need help from multiple sources in life and spirit

c
In essence, the process of human civilization is a process of constantly leaving the animal world, which mainly includes two aspects of the evolution of human physique and the evolution of mind.From the evolution of ape to human physique, humans have spent millions of years.Time is only complete, and the evolution of the human mind is slower.When humans crossed the Stone Age and the Bronze Age entered the Iron Age, animalism still stubbornly flashed on humans.How to manage human emotions and make them animalistic It is the most important subject of Confucianism to become a rational person.If the answer to Confucianism comes down to one word, it is "li."
What is the most accurate summary of the main point of this text?
A.Describe the general process of the development and evolution of human civilization
B.Contrast the evolution of human physique and mind
C.Explain the social reasons for the Confucian emphasis on etiquette
D.Explain the origin and practical significance of Confucianism

a
With the advancement of communication technology, in today's society, the public opinion environment of the government has undergone significant changes.Various public opinion can use modern communication tools such as the Internet and SMS to quickly pass through time and space, increasing the space for opinions and increasing their strength.The increased transparency of decision-making and the increased awareness of citizens' democratic participation have increased the pressure on the government's public opinion.Against this background, the government's handling of the "public opinion crisis" needs to be changed from the past passive approach to the emerging situation in a timely manner Take a new approach.
What is the most accurate summary of this text?
A.Explain the need for the government to change its response in the new public opinion environment
B.Compare the objective environment and methods of government publicity in different periods
C.Analyze the external reasons for the increasing pressure of public opinion in government
D.Analysis of the relationship between the development of communication technology and the changes in the environment of public opinion

c
UNESCO has designated 2008 as the "Year of the Potato".The potato, commonly known as "Potato", has been called a "hidden treasure" by experts of the United Nations.The United Nations has named a year for a crop and it has only appeared once in history.It is 2003-the International Year of Rice.Why are the protagonists of this year not "corn", "apple", but the potato, which is buried in the ground, a humble little thing? Because potatoes are needed to solve global food security problems.
What is the most accurate summary of this text?
A.Potatoes and rice are important crops
B.Global food security issues need attention
C.Potatoes are mentioned at a strategic height of food security
D.The potential huge value of potatoes needs further development

d
The ancients wrote poems "two sentences in three years, one yin and two tears"; writing novels.At every turn, "close the door and thank the guests, read ten years".Now many writers write several chapters each year, hundreds of thousands of words, and write months as There is no accumulation of life, no careful consideration of life, no careful layout of writing, no careful consideration of the words of the text, and repeated revisions.How can there be quality products? How can they resist the elimination of time? If "creation" is different Other work lies in the word "creation"; if it is difficult, it also lies in the word "creation", which is different from its predecessors and from itself.
What does the text mainly show?
A.Life is the source of creation
B.Time is the litmus test for works of art
C.Today's creative attitude is not as serious as the ancients
D.Long-term creative work will produce high-quality works

a
The rocks on the earth can be divided into igneous rocks, sedimentary rocks, and metamorphic rocks.Igneous rocks condensed by silicate slurry constitute the main body of the crust, which is the most calculated by volume and weight.But the most common on the ground are sedimentary rocks.After the earlier formation of the rock was destroyed, it was deposited on the concave surface of the earth after physical or chemical action.After compaction, the cement hardened again.It formed a rock with layered structural characteristics.In the crust, it is much higher than the surface.Under the influence of temperature and pressure, the structure, structure or chemical composition of rocks changes, forming metamorphic rocks different from igneous rocks and sedimentary rocks.
What types of rock on the earth does this text mainly introduce?
A.Formation conditions
B.Structural characteristics
C.Address distribution
D.Chemical composition

c
Real historical facts and the basis of historical materials are the basic elements of historical narrative.The task of history is not only to examine historical facts, but also to completely restore the features of historical figures, historical events, and historical processes.For this, historical researchers need All kinds of historical facts are connected and combined, and scholars who advocate postmodernist historical theory believe that historical researchers can make different connections and combinations of historical facts without violating disciplinary norms.These different connections and The combination will form the historical face of different characters, events or processes.
According to the scholar's point of view of postmodern history theory, whats the historical description?
A.Not the same as fact
B.There can be fictitious components
C.Can have different versions
D.The facts are uncertain

d
Cultural heritage values are relatively stable and persistent.But they also change with changes in a social environment, personal outlook on life, and world outlook.Due to social status, cultural differences, interest relationships, etc., people's cultural heritage values are different in different ways.The time, place, and occasion will show great differences.The cultural heritage values of the government may depend on decision-makers.The cultural heritage values of cultural relic workers usually show relative advancedness, enthusiasm and stability.The cultural heritage values of the general public are Depends on national policies, social opinion orientation, personal cultural quality and other factors.
What does this text mainly talk about?
A.Reasons for changes in cultural values
B.Pros and cons of different cultural values
C.Different expressions of cultural values
D.Reasons for differences in cultural values

a
40 to 500 mg of theobromine per 100 grams of chocolate.Theobromine stimulates smooth muscle and accelerates nerve conduction.But unlike caffeine, theobromine has almost no effect on the central nervous system.Every 100 grams of chocolate contains 70 mg of caffeine.The role of caffeine is to improve alertness.It promotes people's extraordinary performance, improves observation, resists fatigue, and improves the efficiency of mental activity.Chocolate also contains amphetamine.It also has a refreshing effect and can stimulate the hypothalamus Norepinephrine secretion.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.Chocolate has a role in promoting nerve excitement
B.Chocolate and coffee have different effects on the human body
C.Theobromine is more beneficial to the body than caffeine
D.Caffeine affects the central nervous system of the human body

a
Foreign banks enter emerging market countries.In order to maintain their survival, the main players in the banking industry in emerging market countries will strive for a larger market share as much as possible to fully expand their competitive advantages.Efforts will be made to provide customers with quality and cheap financial products and financial services.Service, this process will inevitably promote the improvement of the micro-efficiency of the banking industry.
What does "this process" mean?
A.Foreign banks' entry into emerging market countries
B.Process of Banking Development in Emerging Market Countries
C.The process by which foreign banks provide quality services
D.The Process of Banks in Emerging Market Countries to Expand Market Share

d
In different countries and at different times, the science and technology management system can be different and innovative, but there is one system that is particularly important and universal: that is the generalization of the subject of innovation, or the nationalization or people's nature of the daily innovation strategy.Let everyone have the heart to seek change and innovation, so that every invention, regardless of its size, has the opportunity to be displayed.It should be the basic starting point for building a large-scale independent innovation system and environment.
What does this passage mean?
A.Importance of science and technology management systems
B.Innovation requires a good environment for support
C.Innovation requires institutional support
D.The sci-tech management system should guarantee innovation for all people

a
"Click here to set the homepage", this reminder was spread across various websites in 2000.Regardless of Chinese websites or English websites, they will habitually add such a line in the upper right corner.I am afraid that computer diners do not know how to set the homepage.But after 2005, this "goodwill" reminder seemed to disappear overnight.Just like a newspaper omitted its subscription hotline, big websites no longer overly enthusiastically recommended the homepage setting.
What is this paragraph most likely to talk about next?
A.Reasons for the changes in the form of web pages
B.Reminders set on the homepage are not a good faith
C.How to avoid network traps
D.Network behavior is more trend-setting

d
Seven years ago, Swiss biologist Beth Likus appeared on the cover of Time, and his invention of genetically modified rice is believed to improve the lives of millions of poor people in the world.But 7 years later, the market is still No trace of genetically modified rice has been seen.Europeans have always been skeptical of genetically modified foods.Supermarkets indicate that the products they sell are "non-GMO".The EU requires that any product with more than 0.9% of GM ingredients be marked on the packaging.Westerners' misplaced moral values are taking the lives of millions of poor nations.
What does this text mean?
A.Genetically modified foods are actually safe
B.Market calls for the early appearance of GM food
C.The invention of genetically modified rice is significant
D.European discrimination against GM foods has a significant impact

d
Music is true Esperanto, a language of emotion.When two countries are willing to communicate through music, it may contain some kind of political goodwill, that is, the two parties want to talk in a language of music that is understandable and acceptable to each other."Communicative", music can often bring spiritual pleasure to people.Thus creating a good atmosphere for interpersonal communication.
What does this text emphasize about music?
A.Effective ways to resolve cultural conflicts
B.A diplomatic method commonly used by countries
C.A means of interpersonal communication
D.A tool for political communication and exchanges between nations

c
To date, the development of China's agriculture has made it difficult for anyone of them to make a single breakthrough.Now the structural adjustment has attracted great attention, but other supporting reforms cannot be ignored, especially the market-oriented reform that must be accelerated to establish a unified national market.Promote the free flow of rural factors and products.If the market mechanism fails to develop as it should, the market-oriented structural adjustment will lose the most important foundation, and regional distribution and the use of comparative advantages will be impossible to talk about.
What does this text mainly discuss?
A.The market is the guide for rural structural adjustment
B.The advantages of the market mechanism are not fully utilized
C.Agricultural marketization reform needs to be accelerated
D.The agricultural structural adjustment cannot be achieved overnight

d
Compared with the neglect of cross-talk in the media, the raging and popular weekend cross talk club is quite intriguing.The art born and grew up among the people can only gain new vitality if it returns to the people and returns to life.If there is no such return, Face-to-face exchanges and discussions with the audience, without the practice and refinement of the stage, without the audience's understanding of the laughter and understanding, communication will not be achieved.
What is the most accurate summary of this text?
A.Life practice is the source of crosstalk creation
B.Traditional comic performances need to be changed
C.Returning to the audience is the cause of the raging crosstalk club
D.Crosstalk can only be reborn if it returns to the folk stage

c
The earthquake is short-term, and the earthquake prediction is still a worldwide problem.At present, accurate prediction of the magnitude and time of the earthquake is not yet possible.Foreign seismologists generally believe that plastic rocks or serpentine in the lower crust are squeezed into cracks in the upper crust.Earthquakes will occur at these times.These easily sliding serpentine rocks are generated by the action of minerals rich in iron and magnesium with water, and hydrogen is produced in the process.Once the layer breaks, hydrogen passes through the fractures of the fault Emerging, causing a sharp increase in the hydrogen concentration in normal air.
What's the point of this text?
A.Explain that earthquakes are not unpredictable
B.Describe the general process of the earthquake
C.Introduce a method of earthquake prediction
D.Revealing the relationship between earthquakes and stratigraphic faults

c
The baby fish is not good at hunting, but it is hidden among the rocks at the beach mouth.When it finds the prey passing, it makes a sudden attack.Its teeth are sharp and dense, and it is difficult to escape after the prey enters the mouth.Its teeth cannot be chewed, but it will only open its mouth.The food is swallowed and then digested slowly in the stomach.The baby fish has a strong ability to endure hunger, and it will not starve to death even if it does not eat for two or three years.It can also be overeating, and a full meal can increase the weight by one-fifth.1.When food is lacking, the phenomenon of similar cannibalism can occur, and even hunger with eggs.Baby fishes like fish, crabs, shrimps, frogs, snakes and other animals.
What does this text introduce about baby fish?
A.Temperament
B.Life characteristics
C.Predatory habits
D.Digestive function

b
Traditional Chinese painting pays attention to "knowing the white and keeping the black", which means "the black is the painting, the white is blank".The blank space left on the screen must be valued like the image of the painting.In other words, the blank space left must be reasonable It must conform to the composition rules.It is best to avoid the same size and shape of the blank, the blankest to be round and square, and the blank to be scattered like stars.The good blanks are large and small, all are irregular triangles, and the blanks are completely uniform.
What does this text mean?
A.Characteristics of Traditional Chinese Painting
B.Composition Principles of Traditional Chinese Painting
C.Appreciation angle of traditional Chinese painting
D.Ink skills in traditional Chinese painting

a
You do a job just to make a living and don't like it, this job is just your profession.You do a job just because you like it and don't care if it can bring benefits, this job is your Career.Ideally, career and career are the same, do what you like and make a living from it.
What does this text mainly describe?
A.Career and career
B.Livelihoods and ideals
C.Interests and work
D.Goals and reality

c
At the Olympic Games, a post said that when playing the national anthem, the Spanish team did not have an opening, so it was not patriotic.It was inferred that Jordan's dream team was the most patriotic.When they received the prize, the team members wore the United States The flag.However, the truth is that the Spanish national anthem has no lyrics at all.The U.S.national team is sponsored by Reebok and Jordan is sponsored by Nike.They swore allegiance to Nike and used the national flag to cover the Reebok logo to receive the award.
What's best for this text title?
A.Biographies and facts
B.Facts speak louder than words
C.Representation and truth
D.Patriotic Absence

d
What is travel? De Botton didn't want to rush to provide analysis; what was travel for? DeBorton does not seem to be eager to study.But after releasing the paper, I believe that each reader will get an analysis-this analysis is both speculative and emotional; it is both hearty and indescribable because it is more like It is an emotion that is intoxicating and unknowing.
The text expresses:
A.Readers will get ambiguous analysis after reading
B.Readers appreciate Deborton's inaction
C.DeBorton does not answer readers' questions
D.DeBorton gives readers valuable spiritual enjoyment

c
Different from the director-centered creativity in the film, the center of creativity in the television industry is the screenwriter.The reason why screenwriting is important in the television industry is that the small picture frame does not give as much space for visual play, and language art is particularly important.There is also the storyline as an attraction, and the comedy show is entirely dependent on the performance of the actors and the charm of the language; they are all shot in the studio, and the shooting is purely technical, and the creativity lies in dialogue and performance.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.Comparing the creative differences between the television and film industries
B.Emphasize the importance of language charm to the television industry
C.Explain why the television industry's creativity is centered on screenwriters
D.Analysis of the relationship between the various constituent elements of the television industry

a
With the further increase of global meat production, the impact of animal husbandry on the global greenhouse effect will also increase.At present, the land for animal husbandry has accounted for 30% of the earth's land area.Take up more land for fodder and grazing.In Latin America, 70% of the forest has been cleared to make room for pastures.The livestock industry currently poses a threat to 306 of the 825 terrestrial ecological zones worldwide.And threatened 1699 endangered species.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Environmental costs of developing livestock
B.The development of animal husbandry should be strictly controlled
C.Bottlenecks in the development of animal husbandry
D.Pollution caused by animal husbandry

b
Although the status of gold is not as good as it used to be, the magic is still there.Paper money is powerless in the face of inflation, and gold is inherently value-preserving, especially in the era of inflation.The price of the US dollar and gold is like the two ends of a seesaw, and the dollar continues to depreciate Under the background of the market, the price of gold will naturally rise.When the stock market risks increase, the gold market will become a safe haven for funds.The recent rise in gold prices in the international market has nothing to do with the stock market shock caused by the U.S.subprime mortgage crisis.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.Predicting the future trend of the gold market
B.Explain why gold is sought after
C.Explain the various factors that affect the price of gold
D.Analysis of the international environment for gold investment

a
Psychological correction, as a professional and scientific method of educational reform, is of significance not only to promote the reform of prisoners, but also to reduce the probability of repeated crimes after prisoners leave the prison.Of course, because the construction of the discipline of psychology in China is not yet mature, Although psychological correction has already achieved initial results in the prison management system, it will take time for large-scale use in the prison system.
This text mainly says psychological correction:
A.plays an important role in prison management
B.Widespread use in the prison system
C.Development depends on the maturity of the discipline construction of psychology
D.Is an effective means of education reform in development

b
A little girl was lying on the window sill, and the people watching the window were burying her beloved puppies.She couldn't help crying and sorrowful.When her grandfather saw this, he quickly led her to another window and let her enjoy his rose garden.Sure enough, the little girl's mood suddenly became clear.The old man held up his granddaughter's chin and said, "Child, you opened the wrong window."
The old man said "you opened the wrong window" to tell the little girl?
A.People should understand the problem from different perspectives
B.The environment has a great influence on a person's emotional state
C.Get rid of failure and pain by changing perspectives
D.Different perspectives on the world will lead to different moods

b
With the strengthening of the judicial principle of "who advocates and who gives evidence", the ability to collect strong evidence has become the key to the success or failure of civil litigation.At present, although people's awareness of investigation and evidence collection has increased, evidence collection, preservation and use The capacity of civil investigation is still weak.Many parties often have to commission lawyers or other personnel to investigate and obtain evidence.Therefore, the demand for civil investigation and evidence collection is increasing.
What does this text mean?
A.The main ways to investigate and obtain evidence in civil proceedings
B.Reasons for increased demand for evidence in civil litigation investigations
C.The gap between the parties' awareness and ability to collect evidence
D.Gathering evidence becomes a key legal factor in the success of litigation

a
Yunnan is located at the junction of two major biodiversity hotspots in the world.The high-altitude Qinghai-Tibet Plateau quickly transitioned to the low-altitude Malay Peninsula in Yunnan.Most rivers in Yunnan are north-south, and tropical flora and fauna follow the north-west wet and hot The air has penetrated into most areas of Yunnan.Therefore, Yunnan has more than 50% of plant species, more than 70% of animal species, and more than 80% of vegetation types in 4% of the country's land area.
What does this passage mean?
A.The characteristics of biodiversity in Yunnan are outstanding
B.Yunnan has special natural geographical conditions
C.The relationship between topography and biodiversity in Yunnan
D.Links between climate and biodiversity in Yunnan

c
Today, people often live outside the mountains without knowing the history of their withdrawal from the plains.During the Tang and Song dynasties, as the economic and cultural center moved from the Yellow River basin to the Yangtze River basin, a large number of people moved north to the south, and the South China tigers completely withdrew from the plains.The idioms such as "adjusting the tiger to leave the mountain", "releasing the tiger to return to the mountain", "watching the tiger while sitting on the mountain" and other idioms later showed that people had mistakenly believed that the tiger was a mountain species and did not know that the tiger was "forced to go up the mountain" because of human activities.
What is the most accurate summary of the main point of this text?
A.Clarify people's misunderstanding about the area where tigers live
B.Describe the history of tigers retreating to the mountains with human activities
C.illustrates the era background of the tiger "forced to the mountain"
D.Analysis of the impact of human activities on the living environment of tigers

d
Zhouzhuang's tourism income has exceeded the 100 million yuan mark for many years.In southern Jiangsu, although the ancient cultural towns comparable to Zhouzhuang are not in the minority, tourism income can only be looked at in Zhouzhuang.A local old man said that Chen Yifei painted in the 1970s After the double bridge here, the painting won an award in the United States and was heavily collected by oil tycoon Hammer.When Deng Xiaoping visited the United States in 1979, Hammer added it to him and said it was painting near Shanghai, China.Small town.Today, Zhouzhuang has become the first choice for visiting the ancient town of Jiangnan.
What is the most accurate understanding of this text?
A.Cultural exchange is an important content of the international exchange
B.Culture is an important force for economic development
C.Tourism is a breakthrough for the rapid development of the urban economy
D.Cultural communication can be an important opportunity for urban development

b
In recent years, global paper prices have continued to rise.According to analysis, the price of pulp will be higher and higher, and for environmental reasons, the global pulp production capacity is weakening.Rising oil prices will make the problem worse, and according to statistics, it is predicted that this upward trend will not be reversed in the short term.When the price of paper rises to a certain level, it will be reflected in the book price.Even if the buyer is not considered to reduce purchases due to additional expenditures, the increased occupation of funds will also make the bookstore an increased operating risk.
What is the most accurate summary of the main point of this text?
A.Many reasons for the price increase
B.Forecasting Book Retail Industry Will Face Operational Troubles
C.Analysis of the development trend of the book retail industry in the future
D.Reveal the relationship between energy issues and the book industry

c
The theory of "aestheticization of daily life" proposed by western scholars is based on the objective basis of its emergence.It emerged on the premise of the rapid development of science and technology, the gradually improving quality of material life, and the increasing transition of people from material needs to spiritual needs.This theory responds to reality.The emergence of this response is, on the one hand, the requirement of objective reality for the theory, and on the other hand, the inevitable law of the development of western philosophy, aesthetics, and literary and artistic theories.
The text is intended to illustrate the "aestheticization of everyday life" theory?
A.Gained widespread recognition in all aspects
B.It mainly meets people's spiritual needs
C.Era background and theoretical basis
D.Closely related to people's daily life

c
With the advancement of science and the establishment of gene therapy methods, the use of gene stimulants has become possible, but it is very difficult to detect whether athletes have used gene stimulants.Although traces can be found from proteomics tests, the detection of genes generally requires Samples of athletes' body tissues, which involves the issue of respect for athletes.In addition, the current detection technology cannot keep pace with genetic modification.In addition to listing genetic stimulants in the World Anti-Doping Agency, it is also absorbing the best in the world.Of genetic technology experts serve themselves, hoping to develop genetic stimulant detection technology and achieve relevant cutting-edge results.
Wha does this text explain about genetic stimulant testing?
A.Need to continuously improve technical means
B.Need to establish a complete testing system
C.Difficulties encountered and ideas for solving them
D.Ethical and technical challenges

d
Canadian scientists accidentally discovered when studying "Williams syndrome" that people with musical and mathematical talents are actually caused by a genetic disorder, and the same genetic disorder may also lead to mental illness such as schizophrenia.Most children born with Williams Syndrome are staggered by 20 genes on chromosome 7 in their bodies.This occurs in one in every 20,000 people worldwide.
What is the author most likely to focus on next?
A.Genetic disorder and genius
B.What is "Williams Syndrome"
C.Typical cases of "Williams syndrome"
D.The significance of chromosome 7 to humans

c
In the face of heavy traffic every day, we always feel that it is disorderly.Once we see the clouds, we will find that there is still group collaboration under this "chaos": every car has its goal, and every driver strives to avoid it.Traffic accidents are individual behaviors; when driving on the road, the cars are connected end to end, the car distance is narrow but does not collide, the vehicle speeds up when the distance is increased, and the vehicle speed decreases when the distance is small.If you refuse to cooperate, the road will It will become an accumulation of waste copper and iron.Interestingly, this is not mainly the result of traffic commands by the traffic police, but the unintended result of each driver after pursuing his own goals.
What does this passage mean?
A.Individual behavior is the basis of group collaboration
B.Individual behavior and group collaboration are not contradictory
C.Group collaboration is a natural result of individuals achieving their goals
D.Group collaboration is a very important factor in human social life

c
Involving art museums has always been a great opportunity for architects, so they will get a stage where they can enjoy the most dazzling Chinese color techniques.At the Van Gogh Art Museum, from the original design sketch of Ritterveld to the design of the annex.Kurokawa Kiyoshi, together with Van Gore who made up for their shortcomings, has invariably adopted a very low-key and restrained attitude, and there has been no attempt to seize the title.Is it right to speculate that they are facing such a special situation? The targets of this project all know that their mission is not to defile Van Gogh with gorgeousness? Leave all the gorgeousness to the starry sky that rotates like fireworks under the paintbrush!
What is the most accurate summary of the main point of this text?
A.Explain that Van Gogh has brilliant artistic achievements
B.Comment on the unique design styles of the three architects
C.Discussing the reasons for the simplicity of the Van Gogh Museum
D.Analysis of the background of the unified style of Van Gogh Museum

a
The similar empirical knowledge of ancient Greece and ancient China produced similar theoretical insights, such as the understanding of the principle of leverage by Aristotle and the Mo Jing.However, the initial mechanical theory of ancient Greece soon developed into theoretical knowledge.Complex and the Chinese Mohist mechanics tradition was interrupted after the Warring States Period.The theory of not being good at observing, recognizing the movement of objects and forming a system is an obvious "weakness" in the ancient Chinese scientific tradition.In contrast, the Chinese achievements in solving practical problems are more prominent.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Characteristics of the development of ancient Chinese science
B.Reasons for the interruption of ancient Chinese scientific tradition
C.Ancient China s original research on mechanics is not inferior to ancient Greece
D.Incomplete mechanics theory is a weakness of ancient Chinese scientific research

a
Population density is the number of people living in a unit of land, and it is an indicator of the density of population around the world.However, population density only reflects the general quantitative relationship between population and land area, and cannot reflect the composition of the population on a unit of land.It reflects the relationship between the population and the land area that actually feeds him.In order to make up for these shortcomings, some new complementary density indicators have appeared, such as physiological density, agricultural density, etc., and the population density calculated by area is called the mathematical density of the population.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Reasons for the evolution of the meaning of population density
B.The generation process of complementary density indicators
C.Specific manifestations of population density
D.Relationship between land area and population composition

c
At that time, Han Yu was demoted to Chaozhou to do stabbing history.Although there were only 8 months, he was not afraid of labor."The Chaoren people are stunned." After 8 months, Han Yu was transferred from Chaozhou.There was almost no "achievement" at all, but he left a huge spiritual wealth to Chaozhou.By the Southern Song Dynasty, Chaozhou was already a cultural city."Beach Zou Lu" reputation.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Language standardization is a long-term effort
B.Why Chaozhou became a historical and cultural city
C.Cultural construction has a profound impact on cities
D.Evaluation officials should not only look at short-term performance

a
In modern society, people interact in a relatively uniform time, which is conducive to saving social costs, improving social efficiency, and promoting social development.However, the "same pace" of the whole society can easily lead to traffic jams, resulting in a series of Social issues that cannot be ignored.On the other hand, people's needs and the needs of social development have put forward different requirements for work and rest time.However, the inconsistency of work and rest time will also bring people's communication and social development.obstacle.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Work and rest time should find a balance between unity and difference
B.Small problems may cause big contradictions in social development
C.Adjusting work and rest time is an effective measure to solve traffic jams
D.Rest time needs to be adjusted as people's living habits change

c
There is no doubt that TV presenters are one of the most influential people in today's society.With the influence of mass media, the host becomes a public figure.Therefore, their roles are different from ordinary people, but they integrate social roles, media roles, and individuals.The role of a special role in one.Choosing this profession means not only choosing flowers and applause, wealth and glory, but also choosing the responsibility that the media and society will inevitably give them.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Development of mass media gives moderators special influence
B.The host plays a special social role as a public figure
C.The particularity of the profession determines the responsibility of the host
D.Moderators should use the influence of the media to expand their social influence

a
A well-known entrepreneur summed up the "ice cream philosophy" from unremitting hard work experience, that is, ice cream sales must start in winter because fewer customers in winter will force you to reduce costs and improve services.If you can survive in winter, then no longer Not afraid of summer competition.
According to the text of this paragraph, the "ice cream philosophy" mainly emphasizes:
A.Adversity is very important to cultivate the competitiveness of enterprises
B.Choose a good time and the business is half done
C.Enterprises will inevitably encounter many difficulties during the startup stage
D.Enterprises should focus on reducing costs and improving service quality

b
The evaluation of scientific work cannot be simply reduced to the size of a number, and no number can replace peer review and specific analysis and historical tests of the scientific significance of the work.However, poor evaluation indicators may mislead reviewers, Leading to wrong results; and good evaluation indicators can provide more accurate information and make the corresponding reviews more objective and fair.
The text is intended to emphasize the evaluation of scientific work:
A.Should be a unity of subjective and objective evaluations
B.The key lies in establishing a scientific evaluation index system
C.Digital conclusions should not be used as the main reference
D.There is a need to consider multiple factors in order to achieve justice

b
In recent years, global oil prices have continued to rise.With the increasing production capacity of crude oil in various countries, global crude oil reserve resources have become increasingly tight.According to analysts' forecast, this rising trend will never be reversed in the short term.Affected by this, although cars have gradually become People's daily transportation is indispensable, but more and more people decide to suspend the purchase of cars or start to suspend the use of cars.According to this, the operating risks of the entire automobile sales market have increased for a considerable period of time.
The gist of this text is:
A.Forecasting the future development trend of the oil industry
B.Explain that the business risks of the automobile sales industry will increase
C.Exploring the links between the energy industry and the transportation industry
D.Think that the energy industry will gradually affect people's way of travel

d
Can color blindness be an astronomer? In fact, most of the photos analyzed by astronomers in daily life are black and white.The colorful astronomical photos we see in magazines and other color prints are actually synthesized by processing black and white photos of different bands taken by multiple telescopes.And these bands are not necessarily in the range of human visible light, so even for people with normal vision, these pictures are not the true colors of celestial bodies.
The following statements are in line with the text:
A.Astronomers need to identify the color of visible light
B.The scientific value of colored astronomical photos is relatively low
C.Astronomical pictures are synthesized from color photos in different bands
D.People with normal vision cannot fully recognize the original color of the celestial body

b
The inclusion of more and more economic benefits in sports competition will drive some people to extremes.Although the natural abilities of athletes still dominate, if one-day science and technology means are sufficient to surpass the power given by nature, athletes do not need strict training in daily life.It is to strengthen the physique through instruments and surgery.Is there any essential difference between driving a motorcycle to participate in the 100-meter race? This is not only a problem for the sports industry but also a scientific dilemma.
"This" in "this is not just a question for the sports world" refers to:
A.Enhance physical fitness through instruments and surgery
B.The role of technological means exceeds the natural ability of athletes
C.Let athletes' natural abilities dominate
D.Sports competition goes to extremes driven by economic interests

d
In the struggle against natural disasters, humans still have a long way to go.Of course, reality must be faced up, but is there no way for ordinary people to do it? In today's disaster forecasting, which cannot be completely accurate, what should everyone do To protect the precious life that God has given us, how to make the most timely and intelligent choice at the moment of disaster, how to save ourselves, save people, and avoid or reduce the occurrence of tragedy? These things can actually be achieved through social education and self education to complete.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.The struggle between humans and natural disasters is a long process
B.The first priority of man in the face of natural disasters is to protect life
C.Timely and intelligent choices are important when disaster strikes
D.Education can protect more precious lives in natural disasters

d
When many multinational companies enter the Chinese market, they are trying to implement localized communication strategies and marketing solutions, and they are expecting the attention and recognition of Chinese consumers.The use of "Chinese elements" in advertising is a manifestation.This is worthy of recognition.However, this use must be consistent with people's cultural habits and emotional tendencies.If it is simply imitated and used technically, and lacks true cultural respect and understanding, no matter how beautiful the "elements" will only open up "evil" Flower ".
The text is intended to explain:
A.Consumers in different countries will have different aesthetic orientations
B.The use of "Chinese elements" in advertising should be justified
C.Highlighting cultural characteristics in advertising is an important marketing strategy
D.The understanding cultural connotation is a prerequisite for the successful use of "Chinese elements"

c
Every year, the British Banking Association organizes a training course to help bank staff identify counterfeit banknotes.During the training, trainees can't even touch a counterfeit banknote.They use real banknotes during training and speak real banknotes in class.Characteristics.Experts explained that students repeatedly get used to the feeling of real banknotes by repeatedly touching real banknotes, fingers, and eyes, and they will feel particularly unaccustomed when they encounter counterfeit banknotes in the future.Although they are characteristic of counterfeit banknotes Knowing nothing, subconsciously told them: "This is not real money!" According to statistics, staff who have received such training have a much better ability to recognize counterfeit money.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Subconsciousness is acquired through constant repetition
B.Need to rely on intuition when information is missing
C.Strengthening the right information helps improve discrimination
D.Excessive exposure to misinformation may interfere with people's judgment

d
For a long time, people did not understand the cultural connotation of industry, and the concept of cultural relics protection was relatively backward.In fact, each industrial heritage represented the highest level of social productivity at that time and promoted the development of society.Heritage is like a cultural carrier that transcends the times and a container of modern design, condensing historical information in socio-economic, industrial and engineering technologies.Some industrial heritages even represent the most basic things of a city, witnessing History of urban development.
The most accurate summary of this text is:
A.The concept of cultural relic protection should adapt to the development of productivity
B.Cultural research should take industrial heritage as a breakthrough
C.Industrial heritage records the history of urban development
D.Industrial heritage is a cultural relic

b
The reasons that affect climate change in a region for a long time or for a certain period of time are numerous and complex, and people have not yet been able to say exactly how much various factors affect climate change.Natural factors are still the dominant factors influencing the climate.Human activities are still not enough to affect the basic attributes of regional climates, and even less than the 51 major glacial or interglacial climatic changes.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The climate of a region is the result of a combination of factors
B.The basic attributes of the regional climate depend mainly on natural factors
C.Human activity is not enough to affect the climate of an area
D.Human understanding and analysis of climate influences is not enough

a
If you find a good product or a large market, you should follow up immediately; find the defects of the existing products in the follow-up, and then make up for the defects through innovation, surpass the opponent, and achieve the latecomer.Of course, the goal of innovation is to create, Rather than simply imitating.Therefore, creative imitators need to understand other people's creativity, recombine, and improve to produce new things with different functions and values.In fact, all products except the first generation are original and future Progress is achieved through creative imitation.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Creative imitation is the main way to improve products
B.New products can be obtained through continuous improvement
C.Innovation comes from making up for defects in existing products
D.Most products are completed through imitation

c
More and more people have become blind followers of the Internet.They are afraid that their customary virtual identity will be preempted by someone in an online community.This scene seems to be similar to the free email mailbox boom around 1999.Statistics at that time shows that each Internet user has registered an average of 8.6 e-mail boxes.By 2005, only 18% of these mailboxes were still in use, and the average e-mail box used by each natural Internet person was only 1.73.Similarly, only a few community registrants will Become a surviving network natural person.Everyone's limited energy and time determine the ceiling height of the future online community.
The text is intended to explain:
A.It is not necessary to register in multiple online communities at the same time
B.Chasing the trend blindly will consume a lot of energy and time
C.Online communities should learn the lessons of the free e-mail boom
D.Estimates of the size of future online communities should not be blindly optimistic

c
A city is like a huge sponge.The labor force is like flowing water between urban and rural areas.When the economy is in an upward period, economic expansion will absorb more labor: When the economy is in a downward period, the economic recession will squeeze these labor forces back into the countryside.The sponge effect caused by China's urban-rural dual structure played a role as an employment buffer in the financial crisis.However, this sponge effect is unsustainable because one of China's basic national conditions is that agricultural surplus labor must be transferred to cities.Transfer.
What does the text is intended to explain?
A.The economic downturn has affected China's urbanization process
B.Urban-rural dual structure weakens the impact of economic recession
C.Don't rely too much on the employment buffer effect of the sponge effect
D.Rural labor should not be victimized by the economic recession

a
Chinese consumers' understanding and requirements for cars have changed greatly, and their values and changes in the understanding of cars will influence their car purchase intentions.In the survey of multiple car purchase indicators, we found that we no longer emphasize A single indicator, but safety performance is still the most concerned indicator for consumers when buying a car, and the degree of attention in our survey is 8.6%; the second focus is on the handling performance of the car; the third is quality and durability; then the appearance and styling, Comfort level, brand reputation, image, power performance and second-hand car value, etc.Even the indicators behind the brand share reached 8.1%.
The following statements are in line with the text:
A.Consumers' focus on car safety performance has not changed
B.Chinese consumers have little difference in the value concept of cars
C.The composition of the mainstream consumer group of cars has undergone major changes
D.Consumer interest in car brands is declining

d
Without lightning, mankind would lose a hard-working "cleaner".When lightning strikes, part of the oxygen in the atmosphere is excited into ozone, and the thin ozone is not only odorless, but also absorbs most of the cosmic rays, making the surface of the earth Organisms are not harmed by excessive ultraviolet radiation.The high temperature generated during the lightning process can also kill more than 90% of bacteria and microorganisms in the atmosphere, making the air more pure and fresh and pleasant.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Lightning formation mechanism
B.The harm of cosmic rays to humans
C.Ozone's contribution to humanity
D.Lightning's protective effect on the earth

d
Wittgenstein is a student of the famous philosopher Moore at Cambridge University.One day, the philosopher Russell asked Moore: "Who is your best student?" Moore said without hesitation: "Wittgenstein." "Why "Because of all the students, only he always showed a blank look when he listened to the class, and there were always questions to be asked." Later, Wittgenstein's fame surpassed Russell.Someone asked: "Why did Russell fall behind?" "Wittgenstein said," He has no problem."
The text is intended to explain:
A.Doubts and questions are always the secrets to success
B.Curiosity is the intrinsic motivation for research
C.Recognition is an important factor for success
D.Finding problems is a prerequisite for continuous improvement

b
An obvious problem in China's contemporary rapid urbanization is the gradual loss of local cultural characteristics.The civilized characteristics of cities are the foundation of urban competitiveness.Each city has formed a rich local culture and distinctive urban style in the development of thousands of years.These historical and cultural characteristics are the main source of the city's cultural and economic competitiveness and an important part of human civilization.Protecting these historical and cultural characteristics is protecting human civilization.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Conflicts between rapid urbanization and urban cultural protection
B.Protecting the cultural characteristics of the city is of great significance
C.Cultural characteristics are an important reflection of urban competitiveness
D.The rate of loss of the city's cultural identity is amazing

d
There was a child who, when he was in high school, his parents chose the literary path for him.It took him only one semester.The teacher wrote the conclusion in his comment: "The student should study hard, but be too polite and rigid.Even if such a person has perfect morals, he must never make achievements in literature."Later, after thinking that the chemistry teacher understood this characteristic of him, he suggested that he change to chemistry, because what is needed for chemistry experiments is meticulous.After studying chemistry, he seemed to have found his own stage in life, and his grades were far ahead of his classmates.Later, he won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, his name was Otto Wallach.
This story mainly tells us:
A.Parents should not choose a life path for their children too soon
B.Teachers play a decisive role in children's success
C.Human beings have only characteristics but no advantages or disadvantages
D.Good at taking advantage of "disadvantages" may lead to success

a
According to preliminary statistics, China has found nearly 470,000 immovable cultural relics and about 2,900 museums.A rough estimate is that the national cultural relics collection does not exceed 20 million.What are these numbers? The area of England is only 1/73 of China's, and the number of cultural relic sites protected by the state has reached 500,000, and there are more than 3,000 museums.Among them, the British Museum currently has 7 million collections.There are also more than 16,000 museums, including 130 million artifacts in the Smithsonian Museum.
The text is intended to explain:
A.China's protection and attention to cultural relics is far from enough
B.The government should be the backbone of cultural heritage protection
C.China should increase the excavation and management of cultural relics
D.Different countries have different standards for judging cultural relics

c
Fujian and Zhejiang have the most tidal resources in China's sea areas, and this tide contains this huge energy.Tidal power is the use of favorable terrains such as bays and estuaries to build water banks and form reservoirs so that they can be accumulated in large quantities or in dams.A hydroelectric power plant is built next to it to generate electricity through hydro-generators.However, tidal power has higher requirements for natural conditions.may.
This text mainly states:
A.Distribution of tidal resources in China
B.Utilization of tidal resources in China
C.Necessary conditions for tidal power generation
D.Technical obstacles to be overcome by tidal power generation

d
Communication and solitude were originally two ways of living in the world.For each person, these two methods are essential, but the proportions are not the same.Due to the differences in personality, some people prefer to communicate.Some people prefer to be alone.People often think of communication as a capability, but they ignore that solitude is also a capability, and in a sense, it is a more important capability than communication.On the other hand, not understanding communication is of course It is a pity that impatience with loneliness is not a serious defect.
This text mainly states:
A.Everyone has a different degree of love for socializing and being alone
B.People who like to socialize are often afraid of being alone
C.Enjoying loneliness is a very high state of life
D.Must be good at communication and lonely in life

b
In translation, "literal translation" focuses on the faithfulness of the original text, and "parallel translation" focuses on the smoothness of the translation tone.Which translation method is the best, people have their own opinions.In my opinion, there should be no faithfulness between the literal translation and the free translation Translation must be able to express the meaning of the original text as much as possible.Thoughts and feelings are consistent with the language, which changes with each other.There is only one precise statement for one meaning, and the meaning is completely different.So if you want to express the original meaning as much as possible, you must try to keep the original sentence structured.Therefore, a literal translation must not be a free translation, and free translation cannot be a free translation.
In this text, the author believes:
A.The translation method should be flexible according to the original meaning
B.Faithfulness to the original idea is the highest art of translation
C.Artificial translation, free translation is not necessary
D.Minimize the influence of the translator's personal style when translating

b
It is now recognized that, on the one hand, the aurora is related to the large-scale interaction of the Earth's upper atmosphere and the geomagnetic field, and on the other hand, it is related to the high-speed charged particle stream emitted by the sun, which is often called the solar wind.The essential conditions for the formation of the aurora are the atmosphere, magnetic field and solar wind.All other planets in the solar system with these three conditions, such as Jupiter and Mercury, will also produce aurora around them.This has been actually observed.Proven.
This text mainly introduces:
A.The role of the sun in the formation of aurora
B.Essential elements for forming an aurora
C.Planets with aurora phenomenon
D.People's observation and knowledge of the aurora

c
Genetics has important guiding significance for studying the origin of life on earth, medicine, agricultural animal and plant and microbial breeding, as well as anthropology and sociology.It was developed on the basis of animal and plant breeding, and it is bound to be able to Come back to know the practice of animal and plant breeding.The rise of the antibiotic industry has promoted the development of microbial genetics, and the development of microbial genetics has also promoted the progress of the antibiotic industry and other fermentation industries.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Evolution of each branch of genetics
B.Ways of Life Science to Social Science Operations
C.Disciplinary basis and guiding significance of genetics
D.Broad application prospects of genetics

b
The essence of strategic games is that participants' decisions are interdependent.This interaction is manifested in two ways: the first way is to happen sequentially, and the participants take turns to move; the second way is to happen simultaneously, and the participants simultaneously However, everyone must understand that there are other active players in this game.Everyone must put himself in the position of others to evaluate the results of this step.
The following statements are consistent with this text:
A.The essence of strategic games lies in-group cooperation
B.Participants' mutual influence during the game
C.The results of each step in the game directly affect the overall situation
D.Consider yourself for others during the game

d
Scientists in France and Belgium are trying to find out whether the mathematical genius is different from the brain of ordinary people.In a published report, they said that the study found that someone can mentally solve complex mathematical problems quickly, probably because they can use brain parts that others cannot use.Researchers used positron ray scanning technology to compare the brain of a famous mathematician with the brain of ordinary people.They found that when mathematicians perform problem calculations, the part of the brain usually responsible for long-term memory also becomes active, and Most people do not have this phenomenon.Therefore, researchers have concluded that mathematicians use more memory when performing calculations, which speeds up calculations.This principle is the same as the principle of computers.The larger the memory, the faster the calculation speed.
The following statements are consistent with this text:
A.The more you use your brain, the faster your calculations will be.
B.Long-term memory is generally activated during quick mental arithmetic
C.Brain capacity determines the ability to handle mathematical problems
D.Faster calculations because more memory is used

a
Tropical forests showing the diversity of nature are the last habitats of many animals, and their existence is extremely important to humans.Faced with the severe destruction of tropical forests, it is easy to forget that most of the forests in temperate regions have already encountered Passed: In developed areas, a large number of virgin forests have disappeared; in development areas, especially in areas of severe rainfall, once the plants on those hillsides are washed out, it will cause problems such as floods and soil collapse.It can withstand local felling and survive, but some species have a narrow distribution range.Excessive felling will make it disappear forever.
According to this text, it can be seen that the author's intention is?
A.Call for attention and strengthening of the protection of temperate forests
B.Explain that temperate forests are actually more vulnerable
C.Analysis of the grave consequences of deforestation
D.Emphasizing the importance of forests for human survival

b
Some people say that all knowledge is scientific, and all science is colorless, and when we are pursuing knowledge, we must know that there is no color attitude.If this statement is not expanded at will, I also agree.But we must know that as long as To be a living person, there must be color.The pursuit of colorless knowledge must lurk with a power of color behind it or at the bottom.This driving force not only determines the direction of a person's pursuit of knowledge and The outcome also determines whether a person is sincere to knowledge.
What does "the power of color" mean in this passage?
A.Research attitude
B.Value orientation
C.Ethical standards
D.Hobbies

d
Most of the ancient Chinese scientific works are empirical summaries, not theoretical discussions.The inventions described are designed to solve practical problems in national and social life, rather than trying to achieve major breakthroughs in a certain research field.In terms of research methods, Chinese science and technology attaches importance to comprehensive and holistic research, rather than grasping things as a whole, rather than separating research objects from the intricate connections, independently studying their entities and attributes, and exploring their mysteries in detail.Science and technology in ancient China did not develop to a higher level.
What does this paragraph focus on the explanation of?
A.Defects in research methods have long stagnated ancient Chinese science and technology
B.Solving practical problems is the driving force for the development of ancient Chinese science and technology
C.The focus of scientific research in ancient China and its historical background
D.The root cause of the lack of progress in science and technology in ancient China

b
Ancient Greece and Rome were the cradles of Western civilization.Western philosophy, aesthetics, and various art forms began here.Western music culture also began.This period revealed the relationship between music and mathematics; the three famous tragedies Escuros, Euripides, and Sophocles were both dramatists and musicians, and music played a wonderful role in their plays.
As can be seen from this text, what are the characteristics of the music culture of ancient Greece and ancient Rome?
A.Meaning is narrower than it is now
B.Close ties to other arts and sciences
C.A strict distinction from art and philosophy
D.The content mainly involves mathematics and drama

c
Traditional animal resource protection measures are mainly delineating protected areas or establishing conservation bases.These measures can well protect species diversity, but there are also some shortcomings: the area of the protected area is large, and poaching is repeatedly banned; establishment of good breeding bases for protection Local breeds have large investment and long time, and are prone to inbreeding, species decline and other phenomena.The advent of new achievements in biotechnology, such as test tubes, cloning, and cryopreservation, has opened up new ways for the protection and utilization of animal genetic resources."Ark" is no longer heaven and earth.
What does this text mainly introduce?
A.Breakthroughs in protecting animal species diversity
B.Conservation of animal resources has contributed to the birth of new achievements in biotechnology
C.Advances in biotechnology have opened up new horizons for the protection of animal resources
D.Difficulties encountered and progress achieved with traditional resource protection measures

d
Today, with the rapid development of science and technology, people's material, spiritual and cultural needs are increasing day by day.Small-scale, low-level science popularization activities have not adapted to the development of the times."Understanding science", a large "science popularization", has become an urgent need for all Major issues of social concern.With the in-depth development of science and technology, science and technology have gradually formed their own concepts and logical systems, and they have gradually disappeared from the public's sight and common sense.It is difficult for people to accurately understand the knowledge structure and experience of the past.It is difficult to judge the social value and significance of science and its various changes, which has made some science and technology become knowledge barriers that lie on the road of human development.
What does this text mean?
A.There is a gap between the scientific literacy of citizens and the rapid development of science
B.Difficulties in improving the level of science popularization
C.Modern science and technology may become barriers to knowledge
D.The necessity of improving the level of science popularization under the new situation

a
Thousands of years ago, in the hot and humid virgin forests of Africa, the indigenous people used fire to sing freely and enthusiastically while following various complicated rhythms.This kind of singing may not be considered by some "civilized people".Music.However, such a sound is the most primitive, the sound of life issued by a tenacious instinct in a harsh environment.If blues music is the root of many musics, then the above is the root of this source.
This text is the introduction of an article.What should the article tell next?
A.Human instincts in primitive music
B.Origin and relationship between blues music and indigenous music
C.Historical background of indigenous music
D.Relationship between natural environment and music style

c
Once a small advertising lightbox can kill about 350,000 insects a year.Bright nights can seriously affect the life cycle of insects, especially adults.Insects are an important part of the food chain in nature.Many small animals, birds and bats Insects are the main food, and many plants rely on insects for pollination.If the types and numbers of insects change, the ecological environment will be seriously affected.The pressure of excessive lighting on energy waste and environmental pollution is self-evident.
What does this passage mean?
A.Main effects of light on plant and animal growth
B.Close relationships between species in nature
C.Light pollution's interference with natural ecological balance
D.The important role of insects in nature

d
Some people say that the rules of the economic field and the moral field are different.The economic field emphasizes the role of "economic man" and the principle of doing more and more profit; while the moral field requires dedication, altruism, mutual assistance, etc.It is true that there are rules of supply and demand signals, equivalent exchange, clear property rights, and profit maximization in the economic field, but since it is a social activity of people, moral principles will also penetrate into it every moment, and it is difficult to clearly separate the two.
What does this passage mean?
A.The role of ethics in the market economy is inevitable
B.Sociality is a common attribute of the economic and moral fields
C.Values of various fields in social activities are infiltrating
D.Need to balance economic and moral principles in social activities

b
Compared with hard power, soft power is more of an influence, a kind of spirituality.The soft power of a city is the outside world s appeal to the city, its intuitive response and imprint of the mind.Identity and attachment are the reflections of the wisdom and feelings of city managers.The combination of soft power and hard power constitutes the overall strength of a city, and the addition of the two is not constant.Soft power directly affects the performance of hard power.Strength is like a rope, and hard strength is like a pile of hard dry wood.Although the rope is soft, it can tightly bind the hard dry wood to form huge energy that can forge a beautiful city.
What does this text mean?
A.The concept and composition of the city's overall strength
B.Connotation and importance of urban soft power
C.Urban soft power and hard power each have their own emphasis
D.Urban soft power and hard power complement each other

c
Since the reform and opening-up, China's economy has maintained a high-speed growth trend overall, but the growth of labor employment has been much lower than the rate of economic growth.At present, although the proportion of China's service industry absorbing labor employment has been rising, it has even become an employment The main force, and basically digested all the newly added labor force, including the labor force stock transferred from agriculture and manufacturing, but compared to developed countries, its contribution to labor employment is still too low.We must use the industrial structure Opportunities for adjustments and changes in growth models to tap the huge potential of the service industry for economic development and employment expansion.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.Industrial structure adjustment is an important opportunity for the rapid development of China's service industry
B.The service industry is an important driving factor to ensure the rapid growth of employment in China
C.China's service industry's ability to absorb labor and employment needs to be further expanded
D.The main reason for the inconsistency between employment and economic growth is the lagging development of the service industry

c
The taboo is to show the awe of the feudal monarchs and lords, and we must avoid saying their names directly and express them in other ways, it is the product of the feudal patriarchal system and the embodiment of the family and the respect of the ancestors.In the Western Zhou Dynasty, complete in the Qin and Han dynasties, prevailed in the Tang and Song dynasties, and reached the extreme during the Qianlong Reign in the Yongzheng period of the Qing Dynasty.Taboos, as peculiar to the feudal society, are now extinct.The taboo has evolved into some custom of avoiding evil, and its impact in real life still exists.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.The development of feudal society makes taboos more and more strict
B.The psychology of avoiding evils causes people to conduct various taboos
C.Taboos still exist in real life today
D.Avoid taboos imposed by the ruler using state power

d
In Ankole, the Hima people who live on livestock and the Iru people who live on agriculture live together; in Arizona, the Navajo people used to hunt and gather for their livelihoods, but now they mainly live on livestock.The Hoppies are neighbors; the former southeastern coast of Australia was home to indigenous people who hunted and looted food, but now they live in Europe engaged in agriculture, animal husbandry and industry.
Is the author enumerating these facts to illustrate?
A.The environment forces people to accept a certain lifestyle
B.People have strong adaptability to the natural environment
C.It is entirely possible for different cultural groups to live in harmony
D.Geographical environment is not a determinant of human production

a
Philosophy used to be a way of life.The so-called Socratic philosophy is not just a way to talk to others, and the various theories he put forward in the dialogue.Philosophy was not a written study from the beginning, but a way of living.But we have forgotten this later and turned it into a difficult game far from every day.Even the rigid Kant in the eyes of many people, Don't forget to distinguish between "philosophy of college significance" and "philosophy of WTO significance", and the latter is respected.
What does this text mean?
A.Philosophy originates from life and should serve the people
B.Today's philosophical development deviates from his essence
C.Kant and Socrates' philosophies
D.The way contemporary people interpret philosophy

a
Processing technology is considered to be the core technology of traditional Chinese medicine and it is also a traditional skill unique to traditional Chinese medicine.Mastering it is equivalent to mastering the traditional Chinese medicine market.Foreign companies usually hire domestic processing experts to "steal" processing technology by opening film processing plants in China.At present, there are dozens of such foreign-funded enterprises.This is because some local governments do not understand the state's regulations in special fields and cannot manage them; while some local governments know these regulations, but for economic indicators, they do not care about this.Regardless, surveys show that the number of actual domestic manufacturers of decoction pieces is several hundred more than that announced by the State Drug Administration.
What does this text mean?
A.The state should strengthen the management of the confidentiality of processing technology
B.The government should strengthen the qualification review on the establishment of a Chinese medicine decoction factory
C.The development of China's traditional Chinese medicine industry is threatened by foreign companies
D.Local governments should strengthen their understanding of the relevant regulations of the Chinese medicine industry

c
The World Memory Project is a continuation of the World Heritage Project.The World Heritage Project was initiated by UNESCO in 1972, 20 years earlier than the World Memory Project, and it focuses on cultural and cultural values of outstanding significance and universal value in natural and artificial environments.Natural heritage, such as buildings or sites with historical, aesthetic, archeological, scientific, and anthropological research value, while World Memory Engineering focuses on documentary heritage, specifically precious documents in any medium maintained by manuscripts, libraries and archives And oral history.
According to this text, what are the main differences between the World Heritage Project and the World Memory Project?
A.Culture and Archives
B.Objects and ruins
C.Physical and Record
D.Legacy and literature

d
The area of floating ice in the Arctic waters has gradually decreased, reducing the total by about 20%, making it difficult for polar bears to stand on the ice for a long time.In addition, some countries have hunted seals in large numbers.It is difficult to hunt seals on ice floes.When we arrived at a bay near 80 degrees north latitude on the northwest coast of the island of Spitzbergen in the Arctic, we were surprised to shoot the entire process of polar bear fishing.The habit of living and "no water" began to jump out of the icy seawater to catch fish for food.
This passage is sufficient?
A.The Arctic environment is getting worse
B.Natural selection, the survival of the fittest
C.Smart species are more difficult to adapt to the environment
D.Environmental changes have changed the habits of polar bears

c
Science fiction master Arthur Clark said: "If a respected old scientist says that this thing is possible" then he may be right, but if he says "something is impossible" then he may be very wrong.
What does Arthur Clark want to say?
A.Science and technology progress is endless
B.Do what you want
C.The future may be far beyond imagination
D.Superstitious authority can hinder the pace of progress

a
One professor divided the students into several groups, sent each group some jigsaw pieces, and timed to see which group could be completed first.In fact, the numbers are marked on the back of each puzzle in order, and only need to be stitched in the order of these numbers You can spell the whole picture very quickly, but very few groups notice this.Some spells a long time before they find the digital mark on the back, and some never see it at all.
What does this text mean?
A.Careful observation is more conducive to success
B.Pay attention to the pros and cons to fully understand things
C.Opportunities only for those who are prepared
D.Sharpening the woodworker

d
The survey shows that the sales volume of children's books in 2007 increased by nearly 25% year-on-year, becoming another high-growth module after economic management, academic and cultural books.In the national book retail market in 2007, children's books accounted for 11% Above; the sales of local original children's literary works are even more explosive, and they often occupy at least half of the seats on the best-selling list of children's books in major bookstores.
What does the original mean?
A.Children's books sold more than academic and cultural books
B.Major changes in the overall structure of the book market
C.Children's book sales account for more than 20% of the retail market
D.Best-selling children's literature tends to be original

c
The psychological mechanism of Internet addiction is relatively complicated.There are motivational factors such as need, motivation and special personality factors such as depression, loneliness, and self-control.Experts believe that people who exercise have strong self-control.(The content of the topic is missing)
Can we know from this?
A.Comment on the significance of physical exercise for personality development
B.Point out the possibility of physical exercise as a network alternative
C.Explain the value of physical exercise in treating Internet addiction
D.Explain that physical exercise has the basic function of promoting mental health

a
When talking about French literature in the minds of the Chinese, the French can't help but say in a contemptuous tone: "You like La Traviata." In the eyes of the French, he likes Dumas and has some taste.After all, he has an "Earl Monte Cristo", there are "Three Musketeers", what does Xiao Zhongma have? I just wrote a social flower.French literature is the pride of the French people and plays a pivotal role in world literature.Just like "La Traviata" is obviously a disrespect for French literature."La Traviata" has become a kind of It is popular, almost a hundred years ago.At that time, it was failing to catch up with the Reform Movement of 1898, people were frustrated, and the way of improvement was not feasible.Everyone had to read a random novel.The birth of "La Traviata" in China was born actually.
What does this text mean?
A.The popularity of La Traviata in China has a certain social background
B.Preference for literary works reflects one's taste
C.Evaluation of literary works should be combined with the background of its birth
D.Chinese and French literary aesthetics now differ

a
The fine volcanic ash contains silicon dioxide, and the melting point of this compound is 1100 degrees Celsius.At present, the operating temperature of the turbine engine of most aircraft is 1400 degrees Celsius.Once the volcanic ash is sucked into the interior of the engine, the silica will be adsorbed on the turbine after melting.The blades and turbines guided the blades, leading to catastrophic consequences.In 1982, two aircraft passed through the volcanic ash erupting from the Kalungong volcano in West Java, Indonesia.All eight engines of the two aircraft were stopped, ranging from 11,000 meters.After a high altitude glide to 400 meters, it restarted to make an emergency landing.
What does this text mainly introduce?
A.Volcanic ash has a serious impact on aircraft flight
B.Silica is the main component of volcanic ash
C.Cooling allows the aircraft to effectively avoid the dangers of volcanic ash
D.The volcanic eruption has historically caused flight accidents

d
From parchment, bamboo tube to paper, the invention of movable type printing, from Morse code, binary code to the digitization of images, the carriers of cultural products are becoming lighter, and the spread of spiritual products is becoming faster and faster.Especially the Internet Inventions and applications just broke the time and space boundaries of cultural content transmission, allowing text, video, and music to be transmitted to any corner of the earth in an instant.At the same time, with the help of new tools of technological innovation, people can more quickly Speed, producing exciting anime games, digital film, and television, mobile newspapers, online publishing, audiobooks, etc., and creating new cultural industries.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.Cultural progress includes technological development and innovation
B.Scientific and technological innovation makes the potential of cultural innovation infinite
C.Scientific and technological innovation has greatly promoted the process of cultural innovation
D.Scientific and technological innovation provides tools and carriers for cultural innovation

c
After the First World War, not only the natural sciences, but also the entire German academic culture showed a booming scene.Heidegger's position in the history of philosophy need not be repeated.Marx and Weber made the whole history of social science famous.Schmidt was the ultimate influence on modern constitutional government.In terms of psychology, the Gestalt School has also quietly risen.In literature, Hoptman and Thomasman, two Nobel winners, have twin stars.Remark's "No War on the Western Front" is the most famous in the last century.One of his works; drama, film and music also quickly entered the golden age, and the style became charming and diversified.Germany seems to want to lose what it lost politically and economically, and win back scientifically and culturally.For a regime that has changed cabinets many times in 14 years, such prosperity can be considered a small miracle.
What does the following statement match this text?
A.Germany leads the world in academic culture after World War I
B.The German government has always attached great importance to the development and progress of science and technology
C.Academic culture and political and economic development are not necessarily synchronized
D.The development of natural sciences and social sciences is often mutually reinforcing

a
The Internet age is an era of "excessive information and scarce attention".The essence of the contemporary economy based on the Internet is the "attention economy".In this economic form, the most important resource is attention.Attracting attention has become a very important issue.The emphasis on the economic value of attention in the Internet age is undoubtedly necessary, but if the moral evaluation and spiritual significance of attention are ignored, it will lead to a lack of humanity due to attention.Caring and minimal respect, so that someone will use the convenience and concealment of the network means to waste, pollute, and trample on others' attention through false and bad information, which is undoubtedly a serious mental injury.
According to this text, it can be seen that the author's intention is?
A.Call on the Internet to make good use of attention and cherish its spiritual and cultural value
B.Emphasizing how attracting attention in the Internet age is key to creating economic value
C.Emphasizes that the Internet age ignores moral evaluations that attract attention
D.Appeals to strengthen the management of online attention pollution and distortion (not mentioned)

d
The first electric car was on the road as early as 1990.Although some well-known car manufacturers have launched their own pure electric concept cars in recent years, this has not shortened the distance between electric cars and real life.The reason is the research and development of electric vehicles is not just as simple as replacing the traditional engine with an electric motor, but a huge research topic.There are many problems such as battery capacity, storage capacity, stability, etc.for automotive batteries alone.In addition, replacing traditional engines with electric motors Later, body design, traditional systems, and electrical systems will have disruptive changes.To solve this series of problems, automobile manufacturers need to have strong R & D capabilities.(Center sentence)
What does this text mean?
A.The bottleneck of electric vehicle research and development is the problem of batteries
B.It will take time for electric vehicles to be widely used in real life
C.Electric vehicles have become a new direction for research and development in the automotive industry
D.The development process of electric vehicles depends on the research and development strength of manufacturers

d
The U.S.Department of Agriculture database contains various vitamin contents of common foods.Some people have calculated the data of various foods in the state of "raw" and "cooked".After removing the effect of changes in water content, we have obtained the vitamins after heating.Loss ratio.Although these data are not necessarily very accurate, they are enough to get a meaningful impression: Vitamins A.and E are not affected by temperature.The loss of food after processing into cooked food is about 10%, and the loss of vitamin C.is 16 %, While vitamin B.is the most unstable, with a loss of 26%.Other vitamins are also basically in this range.In general, after heating food to mature food, the loss of vitamins is roughly 10% to 25%.between.
What is the main emphasis of this text?
A.There is no difference in vitamin content between raw and cooked food
B.Different vitamins in food are affected differently by temperature
C.Heating damage to vitamins in food is limited
D.Vitamin loss in heated food

d
Although "negative news" focuses on negative themes that reflect conflict, confrontation, and disharmony, the reporter's use of the subject matter may be expressed in different ways.Good reporters often find positive factors in negative themes, even If you can't find positive factors, you will also deal with negative factors in a constructive manner, alerting and reflecting; while lame reporters face certain negative themes, they will report with a mind-hunting attitude, making people wonder about the senses.Among the stimuli, it is difficult to obtain spiritual shock, baptism, and reflection.On the contrary, it will expand people's sense of fear and insecurity to society and cause extremely bad effects.
What does this text mean?
A.Even negative topics contain positive factors that can be tapped
B.Whether the reporter is excellent is mainly reflected in the depth of mining negative topics
C.The treatment of negative topics is a key factor affecting the effectiveness of news
D.Good journalists should deal with negative topics from a more positive perspective

b
History has proven that each round of economic crisis is accompanied by a deep technological revolution and then gradually comes out of the trough and begins to recover.It has to be acknowledged that the financial crisis has caused an unprecedented crisis in "Made in China".The direct result of this is that all regions are catching up.Industrial upgrading, but at the same time new problems have arisen.Under the habit of "grasping the big and letting the small," many people think that industrial upgrading is a matter for large enterprises and has little to do with SMEs.Obviously, this is a misunderstanding.The core driving force for industrial upgrading is technological innovation, and SMEs are the most active force in technological innovation.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.New Issues Facing Chinese Enterprises in the Process of Industrial Upgrade
B.In the process of industrial upgrading, the participation of SMEs is inseparable
C.Technology change is the best way for companies to survive the financial crisis
D.Industrial upgrading is the key to making "Made in China" weather the financial crisis

c
Canadian researchers surveyed 308 volunteers (198 of whom were women) with an average age of 29 in different parts of North America, and found that 50.7% of people had Internet delays and 47% of their time was not used for work, and It is used to delay work.Research shows that the delay of white-collar workers is more serious than that of blue-collar workers.White-collar workers who are hired are more serious than white-collar workers who operate freely.In the case of employment, subordinates have more serious delays than their superiors.Or it is easier to divert attention and procrastinate, while pleasant work has more direct returns and greater opportunities, which will make people motivated to complete faster.
According to this passage, which one of the following is the least prone to Internet delays?
A.Less physical effort
B.generous compensation
C.Interesting work
D.A clear life

d
An in-depth study of Western classics does not make people better or worse, nor does it make citizens more useful or harmful.The self-conversation of the soul is not a social reality in nature.The whole significance of Western classics is to make people use themselves.Loneliness.
Regarding the above text, what is the following understanding?
A.Studying Western classics can dispatch loneliness
B.Western classics are the product of people's loneliness
C.Studying Western classics does not improve citizen quality
D.Studying Western classics is a non-utilitarian activity of the soul

c
"I don't agree with you, but I swear to defend your right to speak", this sentence gathered together is said by French enlightenment thinker, Voltaire known as "French conscience", as an icon of defending "free speech" This sentence has been consistently promoted by European and American media and politicians to the world.What is unexpected is that after research, Voltaire did not say this sentence, which seems to be in the West s "free speech" statement.Poke a hole.A Chinese scholar who has lived in Europe and America for many years said that there are 18 types of "freedom of speech" in the United States that are not protected, and the content of the "European Convention on Human Rights" restricting free speech is twice as long as the content of free speech.
What does this passage mean?
A.There are double standards for "free speech" in the West
B.Western "free speech" does not exist
C.Absolute "free speech" does not exist in the West
D.Someone coined the phrase Freedom of Speech in the name of Voltaire.

d
Many of the shortcomings of literary criticism are the lack of theoretical courage.The reason why criticism is aphasia and absent is that there is no new and powerful theory and spirit that can be applied to support it, and there is nothing to say in my heart.What is healthy? Literary criticism? There are many standards.One of the most important standards is the ability to tolerate and rationally treat cultural practices that are different from their own cultural claims.
What does this passage mean?
A.Tolerance and rationality are the most important theoretical criteria in literary criticism
B.Aphasia and absence of literary criticism are caused by a lack of theoretical courage
C.Healthy literary criticism must have powerful new methods and new theories to support it
D.Healthy literary criticism must be tolerant and rational in treating different cultural claims

a
The Central Meteorological Observatory performs weather forecast, first solves the equations describing the evolution of the weather with a computer, and "calculates" the future weather.The weather forecaster analyzes the weather map, meteorological satellite and other data, and then makes the next 3-5 days based on the accumulated experience Every day at 8 am, the Central Meteorological Observatory connects to various meteorological stations to conduct weather consultations.The chief forecaster summarizes everyone's forecast opinions and makes prediction conclusions on the development and change of future weather.
What does this text mainly introduce?
A.How is China's "future weather" forecast made?
B.The Central Meteorological Observatory uses high-tech methods to observe the weather
C.Artificial analysis and forecast are irreplaceable in the weather forecast
D.Weather forecast is the result of the collective wisdom of scientists

d
Once upon a time, rum was taken wherever European colonists went.The locals were forced to accept the colonial rule of the great powers but accepted rum willingly."In order to get rum, they are even willing to give everything "The colonies created rums, and the presence of rums has promoted the continued expansion of the colonies."
What does the author not express in the above paragraph mean?
A.Colonial people like the rum of colonists
B.Rum helped the expansion of European colonies
C.Rum was taken around the world with colonial expansion
D.Rum is loved by different races and classes

c
Parents, students, and employers do not have the natural power to participate in the management of institutions, but they have the right to account for the social responsibility of higher education institutions.The popularization of higher education, diversified sources of university funding.As a result, parents, students, and employers have become institutions of higher education.Stakeholders: For parents and students, their accountability for the responsibilities of institutions of higher learning is more about whether students can obtain good learning experiences and learning experiences, and whether schools can produce graduates that meet social needs, and can According to the needs of enterprises and society, carry out applied research that directly inputs production and increases benefits.
Can we draw from the above text?
A.The popularization of higher education is susceptible to the social climate of quick success
B.Colleges and universities should give parents, students and employers accountability for social responsibility
C.The development of higher education institutions should consider the interests of parents, students and employers
D.Requests from parents, students, and employers have promoted the development of applied disciplines

c
With its gorgeous colors and beautiful dancing posture, the butterfly has won the reputation of "flying flowers" and "dance of nature".The rich colors of the butterfly wings and various patterns create this beautiful elf.Some butterflies are in When flying in the sun, the wings will flash with metallic light.Some butterfly wings can have a single color to a whole body, and there are butterfly colors that can be rich and dazzling.Some people even collected Arabic numerals 1-9 on butterfly wings and 26 English alphabets shaped patterns.
What does this text describe?
A.The butterfly is the embodiment of beauty in nature
B.Butterfly wings are colorful and strange
C.The butterfly is a very ornamental group of insects
D.Many gorgeous patterns on butterfly wings

d
The international promotion activities of Chinese that are currently being comprehensively expanded to all parts of the world must take into account the current status of overseas Chinese ethnic cultures, and comprehensively promote the international promotion of Chinese, promote Chinese culture to develop soft power, and support overseas Chinese culture from China.The mother of culture is born, and it is another thing to become the ethnic culture of the local society.If the former replaces the latter, it will confuse the boundaries between Chinese learning a mother tongue and learning a foreign language, and confuse and cooperate with overseas Chinese to build their own ethnic groups.The boundary between culture and the promotion of Chinese culture is not conducive to maintaining and developing the policy relationship between the Chinese and China.
What does this text emphasize?
A.Attention should be paid to maintaining and developing the normal relations between overseas Chinese and China
B.The development of Chinese cultural soft power should go hand in hand with supporting overseas Chinese ethnic cultures
C.Overseas Chinese culture should be ingeniously integrated with Chinese culture while maintaining its own characteristics
D.One of the prerequisites for Chinese international promotion activities is to support overseas Chinese to build their own ethnic culture

b
Ballet, in China, has been more than a century since it was performed in the court in the late Qing Dynasty; it has also been taught for nearly a century in Russia since the 1920s in Shanghai.Ballet does have a great distance from the traditional Chinese aesthetics, but the Chinese It can be accepted smoothly, and it has never been interrupted for a century.Even in the years of the Cultural Revolution, ballet still ran on the stage and took on the role of "model".Ballet, once a culture appreciated by European courts, entered China but realized Chinalization A number of Chinese players boarded the podium of the international arena.
What is the main narrative of this text?
A.Ballet also has a long tradition in China
B.Ballet takes root in China with its unique charm
C.Chinese people always maintain an open attitude and continuous passion for ballet
D.Ballet becomes a miracle of foreign culture taking root in China

b
Poetry must not just stay on paper media.It must make full use of various platforms such as the stage, film and television, so that it can be accepted by the people and maintain long-term vitality.Many excellent poetry works are highly artistic and are moving towards the stage.In the process of film and television, the comprehension and feelings of the performers were incorporated, and the "second artistic creation" of poetry was supplemented by a variety of modern art expressions such as sound and light, which greatly enhanced the appreciation and appreciation of poetry.
What is the correct understanding of this passage?
A.With the help of contemporary technology, the people's understanding of poetry is far better than the ancients
B.With the help of artistic forms such as stage, film and television, poetry can maintain long-term vitality
C.Performers' "second artistic creation" of poetry extends the vitality of poetry
D.Popular poetry requires the help of popular art forms such as stage, film and television

a
Ah Q, like all the immortal literary classics, is inexhaustible.Readers of different times, different nationalities, different stages, and different educational levels interpret it from different angles and sides.Even the same reader at different stages of life will have different understandings.These different interpretations and understandings constitute a history of Ah Q's acceptance, which has no end and will never end.
Is the following statement inconsistent with this text?
A.The image of Ah Q is constantly enriching with the development of the times
B.Interpretation of Ah Q is a topic that is often said
C.The interpretation of Ah Q is related to the reader's own experience
D.Future people will have an updated interpretation of Ah Q

c
The government's control of public risks is different from other social affairs.The biggest feature is that "decisions are made in the unknown".The existence of uncertainty makes it difficult to make decisions and implementation of risk control.In view of this, risk regulators should consider it in its entirety Scientific factors, economic factors, political factors, and legal factors, and ignoring any of them can lead to regulatory failure.
In the above text, what does the author mean?
A.Importance of public risk control
B.The complexity of public risk regulation
C.Variability of public risk regulation
D.Uncontrollability of public risk control

d
In the 21st century, media events in China are frequent, and the degree and manner of media attention to events determine the attitude of the public and the development of events.What people see is no longer the event itself, but the media events after the media control.With the rise of the Internet, media events are more concentratedly represented in the form of online events.In online events, Internet users are the main body of Internet public opinion and network supervision.Their tentacles are everywhere in society, and they are constantly monitoring the actions of government and officials.
Is the following statement inconsistent with this text?
A.Network supervision appears extensive and universal
B.The Internet has a significant impact on social opinion
C.The media event may not be the event itself
D.Network supervision is more efficient than traditional methods

a
When the Japanese economy was dominating the world, many entrepreneurs flooded into the art market and sought out Western Impressionist works.Later, with the bursting of the economic bubble, the purchasing power of Japanese art plummeted.The classic works of art masters seem to be on the waves The giant wheel can still not understand it; those ordinary works are small slabs, which are vulnerable to the storm, and their owners will inevitably suffer the devastation.
What does this passage mean?
A.Don't blindly follow the trend when buying art
B.The art market is affected by the economic situation
C.Masterpieces of art can preserve the value
D.The price of an artwork depends on the achievement of the work

c
Chinese TV people must face up to the fact that whether it is a mobile phone, the Internet or other mobile terminals, the real challenge to TV is not the institutions and channels of these entities, but the audience that is slowly changing under the immersion of these media environments.These audiences, they may be TV people, Internet users, or "hand-shot mobs", the television content has been out of the producer's control since the moment it was delivered to them.These audiences will get from TV shows What kind of information, fun and values, how they will interpret, derive, and transform TV programs, make TV people sleepless at night.
What's most likely to be told next in the article?
A.Reasons for Changes in TV Audiences
B.How TV producers guide the audience's aesthetic orientation
C.How television production adapts to changing audience tastes
D.How audiences use media such as mobile phones and the Internet to express opinions

a
Some scientific experiments show that most people do not have the ability to handle multiple tasks at the same time.As long as the Internet is used, people's working memory will be severely overloaded, making it difficult for the brain's frontal lobe to concentrate on any small matter.At the same time, because neural pathways Plasticity, the more you surf the Internet, the more you train your brain to adapt to a distracted state.This is why people who are used to surfing the Internet will feel at a loss as long as they leave the Internet.The full development of the brain requires us to be able to quickly analyze all kinds of information and Be able to meditate without restraint; you must be able to meditate on the Internet and retreat to the countryside.The problem today is the ability to maintain a balance between states.
What does the following statement match this text?
A.The Internet limits the full development of the human brain
B.The network degrades people's ability to handle multiple tasks
C.Going online can cause memory loss and distraction
D.Humans originally had the ability to freely change their state of mind

a
In a shopping experiment, first let shoppers look at some of their favorite items or disgusting items to change their emotions, and then show some pictures of common items to let shoppers choose among them.As a result, they found that they were affected by positive emotions.Subjects under control were able to make purchasing decisions quickly, and their decisions were less likely to be changed by other reasons.
What does this text mean?
A.A good mood allows shoppers to make quick, but not changeable decisions
B.Reminders must not make customers disgusted when shopping
C.Shoppers will quickly make a purchase decision when looking at their favorite items
D.Shoppers with bad moods will quickly change their buying decisions

b
In the U.S., academia, business, administrations, and most consumers tend to believe that using milk instead of milk is a healthier option.However, the vast majority of Westerners do not like the taste of soy, so American milk has been further removed Or to cover up the soybean flavor operation, and the Chinese will feel that there is no such thing as soybean milk flavor.The preference for milk flavor and the rejection of soybean flavor are the main reasons why soybean milk is not popular in the West.In addition, the soybean milk is in the preservation process.Medium and medium milk is prone to aggregation and sinking, which also makes it difficult for soy milk to become as convenient as milk.The difficulty of preservation and the market demand are not so large, resulting in the price of soy milk in the United States is much higher than milk.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.Chinese and Western people have different tastes for soy milk
B.Analyze the reasons for the high prices in the U.S.market
C.Exploring the root causes of soy milk not being enjoyed in Western markets
D.Point out the technical means necessary for soybean milk to enter the U.S.market

c
The famous American scholar Eaton once predicted: "We are convinced that in the near future, the highest economic interests of our country will mainly depend on the creative ingenuity of our countrymen and not on natural resources." Eaton's prediction has become a reality today.The financial crisis, the sharp rise in the prices of energy and mineral resources, the risk of stagnation in the world economy, and the ability of the people to innovate has received unprecedented attention in many countries.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Human resources will play an increasing role in economic growth
B.The importance of natural resources in national development will gradually decrease
C.For the country to develop, it is necessary to give full play to the creative capacity of its citizens
D.National quality will determine the direction of the country's future development

b
An enterprise in the information age is like a complete person, with organizations like bones, funds like blood, and information like nerves.Information flow is the lifeline, information systems are the nervous system, and customer needs are the source of stimulation.Under a unified digital nervous system, from decision-making to manager to executor, from human to machine, if the information can go all the way, the entire enterprise can think with one brain.This digital brain must not only respond to diverse and personalized customer needs in a timely and accurate manner.In addition, in the screening and analysis of such information resources, we are constantly looking for new opportunities, expanding the space for progress, and creating seamless service brands that are always close to customer needs.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Creating well-known brands is the basis for the long-term development of enterprises
B.Great importance should be attached to the effective integration of all aspects of the enterprise
C.How to respond to customer needs in a timely and accurate manner
D.Information systems are vital to the business

b
The upper leaves of sugar beets grow vertically and the leaf clusters are funnel-shaped.The foliar space preparation structure formed by this growth method is extremely effective at absorbing light and improving the photosynthetic efficiency of plants and groups.The leaves of plantain are round The angle of the leaves is 137.5 degrees, which is the chord angle of the round golden section.The leaves grow at this angle to make full use of the light.As the trunk grows, the leaves rise in a logarithmic spiral, and each leaf Neither will obscure the underlying leaves.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Light absorption is a key factor affecting plant growth
B.Leaf structure that coincides with mathematical rules is beneficial to plant growth
C.Different growth environments cause differences in plant leaf growth
D.The absorption of light affects the growth angle of the leaves

b
Throughout the history of the world's pop music, you will find that it is basically a history of the integration of two different cultures, black and white, and always the original material provided by the black people, and then the white people "stolen" it and perfected it.A brand new product was launched in the world.Jamaica became the biggest beneficiary of this integration due to its special geographical location.This model was also logically extended to the field of track and field, and finally achieved the glory of Jamaica's track and field.
This text mainly talks about:
A.The development model of world pop music history
B.Benefits of cultural integration for Jamaica
C.The special significance of geographical location in cultural communication
D.Different contributions of blacks and whites to music and sports

d
At present, China is at a critical stage of industrial structure adjustment.In the current world economic crisis, the sustainability of our existing foreign trade-led economic model is becoming less and less, and agriculture is a safe haven for the economic crisis.The comprehensive agricultural production capacity and the competitiveness of the food market can comprehensively increase farmers' income, promote the large-scale development of the rural economy and the large-scale upgrade of the rural market demand, and then we can comprehensively expand domestic demand and promote the smooth transition of China's foreign-oriented economy to an inward-oriented economy.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.At present, the most effective way to expand domestic demand in China should be to vigorously develop agriculture.
B.The world economic crisis can become an opportunity for China's economic transformation
C.The focus of China's current industrial structure adjustment is the adjustment of the agricultural production structure
D.The policy of strengthening agriculture and benefiting farmers is an inevitable requirement for the current transformation of China's economic development model

c
The law of world tea production is "South Red North Green", that is, lower latitude regions (such as India, Kenya) can only produce high-quality black tea, and relatively high latitude regions (25 㠾 30 㠮orth latitude) are most suitable for producing high-quality green tea.The international tea price has always been higher than that of black tea.The main tea producing countries of India, Indonesia, and Sri Lanka are not of high quality.The three countries mentioned above have been "red to green" since the 1970s, and all attempts to occupy the international green tea market have failed.At the end of the day, China's famous green tea is mainly distributed in mountain areas, with rich rural labor resources and low labor costs, and the development of the green tea industry has obvious comparative advantages.
The following statements are consistent with the original:
A.Oversupply of black tea on the international market
B.Indian green tea prices are higher than the average international green tea prices
C.Chinese green tea is competitive in the international market
D.The trend of "red to green" appears in the international tea market

a
Throughout the history of the currency development of various countries, although currency internationalization brings certain risks to the host country, it is far below the benefits.From the perspective of ordinary people, the high degree of internationalization of national currencies means that they are going abroad.In the process of travel, consumption, and studying abroad, it can be more convenient to pay in local currency without having to go through tedious exchange procedures.From the perspective of the government, international currency issuers can finance their international deficits by issuing national currencies, compared to other The benefits of the "mint tax" imposed by the country are self-evident.As a result, the currencies of many countries are "rivaling" towards internationalization.
The text is intended to:
A.Reveal the reasons for the internationalization of currencies
B.Explain the results of currency internationalization
C.Remind the dangers of currency internationalization
D.Analysis of the realization of currency internationalization

c
In previous foreign communications and exchanges, our diplomats often encountered situations where foreigners were discouraged in the face of China's vast and intricate cultural history, and we could not even describe the profound changes in the ancient times.Civilization, the strategic frameworks and slogans we proposed, such as "Peace Rise" and "Harmonious World", focus more on foreign strategic decision makers than on ordinary foreigners who do not know much about China.Measured by the standards of image management, our "advertising words" and "symbols" are not too close to the masses.In terms of visual touch and emotional imagination, people still feel a bit regrettable.
The core issues discussed in this text are:
A.Dilemma encountered by diplomats in their diplomatic relations
B.The difficulties that ancient civilizations need to break into the world
C.Misunderstandings in China's external communication and communication
D.Objective divides between Chinese and Western cultures

c
The text we follow today about ancient Chinese painting comes from the hands of Chinese literati.It is also because of this that Chinese literati have long dominated the space for painting and sound painting discussions.They have been used to starting from their own point of view and choosing Favorable views of literati artists, and now-or long overdue-it is time for us to challenge them, and we should also question what they call good painters or good works.Many outstanding non-literati artists are because of Literati's prejudices that have failed to obtain due recognition.Here, we should give them an objective evaluation and due status one by one.
The following statements are consistent with the original:
A.The appreciation level of literati artists lags behind their creative levels
B.Many talented literati artists in ancient times were buried because of prejudice
C.Scholars have long been in a strong position in the field of Chinese painting theory
D.There has been a long history of differences between ancient literati paintings and non-literati paintings.

a
Generally speaking, a society's supervision system is composed of multiple forces, and media supervision should not become the main force among them, let alone stand out from the crowd, because this system should also include public supervision, system supervision, and other aspects.The absence of any aspect will make the entire system appear obvious loopholes.Simply relying on a supervision force is "unsafe" for any society, because the role of different supervision forces in the entire system is Different from the system supervision and other methods, media supervision is a kind of non-mandatory supervision, which is not only subject to the environment of public opinion, but the effectiveness of supervision depends to a large extent on the attitude of the target of supervision."Hope" is pinned on the media, neither scientific nor realistic
The main issues addressed by this text are:
A.Excessive expectations are currently given to media surveillance
B.Social supervision has not attracted sufficient attention
C.The effect of media surveillance is not satisfactory
D.The role of mandatory supervision is not fully realized

c
Civilization and culture are different.Civilization makes all nations more and more similar everywhere.According to the German Elias "Process of Civilization", civilization is a group society where everyone lives according to the same rules, as if Dancing according to a beat, it is not the same as stepping on the feet; and culture makes a nation different from other nations.It is innate, not a rule but a habit.In fact, urbanization can also be seen in this way: the rapid development of cities, skyscrapers The building becomes a symbol of the city, which is actually the result of the strong development of modern civilization in all corners of the world.However, we also hope that civilization will not overwhelm culture and "identity" will not eliminate "difference".
The text is intended to:
A.Questioning the tendency of modern civilization to ignore ethnic personality
B.Exploring the relationship between the process of urbanization and the development of civilization
C.Emphasize the need to preserve culture in the process of urbanization
D.Comparing the different effects of civilization and culture on human development

b
Due to the limited scale and small strength of SMEs, whether it is technological innovation or market expansion, it is neither possible nor economical for many things to rely on each enterprise alone.Therefore, the development of associations and service organizations for SMEs Development is very important.Such organizations can be comprehensive or professional.Facts have shown that there is a great correlation between the development of SMEs and the development of such service organizations.Actively grant and support The development and operation of this type of organization is a matter of SMEs.Although it will take a certain amount of energy and pay a certain price, this kind of pay and price is worth it.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The development of SME associations and service organizations will become the trend
B.SMEs should be aware of the significance of participating in associations and service organizations
C.SME associations and service organizations have much to offer in reality
D.SME participation in associations and service organizations can improve competitiveness

c
Some herbal teas that have been declared as "clearing heat and igniting a fire" are actually not even distant relatives of tea.They are not ordinary "tea leaves" but only contain some Chinese herbal medicine extracts.From the perspective of modern medicine, many symptoms of the human body are related to traditional Chinese medicine.The words "hot" and "fire" are similar, and many of these symptoms will naturally diminish.No matter whether you drink herbal tea or white water, they will be relieved after a period of time.On the other hand, it is entirely possible that there are certain ingredients in Chinese herbal medicine.It is just effective for some symptoms, so many people drink herbal tea, feel clear "hot", "fire", this is not surprising.However, such an "effective" is in line with the public's way of thinking, whoever doubts These effective remarks will attract a large number of consumers' "appearance" attacks, and it will become a matter of course.
This text is intended to explain "
A.Drinking herbal tea may ignore health
B.Many consumers do not understand the essence of herbal tea
C.The function of some herbal teas to "remove heat and dispel heat" is questionable
D.Chinese herbal medicines really work in herbal tea

d
Now movie creations are reusing the popular subject matter to re-use a subject matter.There is a market, and many people are rushing up.This is not a healthy movie ecology.In contrast, the mining of national culture is rare, such as the traditional festival Dragon Boat Festival.The development of the background such as the Mid-Autumn Festival and the use of ethnic art elements such as Kunqu opera and Huangmei opera are rare.Once you deliberately explore this cultural wealth of the Chinese nation, you will be presented with a wonderful treasure trove of art in front of the creators.There will also be a spring full of flowers.
What is the most accurate summary of the subject matter of this text?
A.Domestic movies need to work hard to get rid of unhealthy ecology
B.Domestic movies will usher in spring of flowers
C.Domestic movies can't fall into the misunderstanding of theme reuse
D.Domestic films should dig deep into the treasures of national culture

d
Facing the current complex international and domestic situation, China's future industrial development will gradually show two major grasps.One is to adapt to the trend of demand structure change and accelerate the technological transformation of traditional industries.The second is to scientifically judge the future market demand changes and technology development trends.Accelerate the development of strategic emerging industries.The current global economic competitive landscape is undergoing profound changes, and scientific and technological development is breeding new revolutionary breakthroughs.The development of strategic emerging industries has become a major issue for major countries in the world to seize the commanding heights of the new round of economic and technological development strategy.
What is the author most likely to discuss next?
A.China should promote scientific and technological progress and strengthen the capacity for independent development
B.China should seize the commanding heights of the new round of economic and technological development
C.China should promote the technological transformation of traditional industries
D.China should accelerate the development of strategic emerging industries

d
Just like insect bites can cause itching, contact with skin and plant toxins can also cause itching.Studies on itching from oak leaves have found that when contacted with plant toxins, skin cells release histamine that causes redness and itching.Antihistamines such as diphenhydramine can treat this kind of itching, but there are no suitable drugs to treat itching caused by allergic eczema, etc.For the latter, the best advice is to wear loose clothing in any situation Do not scratch it with your hands.
What does the following statement inconsistent with the original?
A.Diphenhydramine cannot treat atopic eczema
B.Antihistamines can be used to treat skin itching
C.Itchy skin symptoms are the same but the mechanism may be different
D.Reducing skin friction helps inhibit histamine activity

c
In a highly technological age where both the environment and the economy are facing challenges, it is vital to improving our ability to understand and discern scientific evidence and scientific perspectives, and one of the ways to do this is from natural sciences and The cooperation of professionals in different fields of humanities and social sciences.For example, for complex problems such as global climate change, scientists need to explore and explain the root causes, but at the same time, humanities and social science workers also need to assess the impact of climate change on population and society, journalists need to pass this information to the general public, and with their joint efforts, they can make new scientific discoveries and their socially relevant links to The public explained better and clearer.
What does this passage mean?
A.The way experts from different fields work together
B.The purpose of the division of labor and cooperation among experts in different fields
C.Ways to improve public understanding of science
D.Improving the public's ability to understand the science

d
Many people advocate freedom of speech, thinking that freedom of speech can solve the problem of freedom of thought.In fact, freedom of expression does not necessarily lead to freedom of thought.If we observe some expressions on the Internet media, we will find that there is a kind of trend, rigorous people may not necessarily participate in expression and discussion, and there are many irrational cases of abuse and malicious attacks on the coal body of the Internet.As a result, although free speech, one's thought expression is easily vulnerable to siege This is not freedom of thought, it's just freedom of speech.
What does this passage mean?
A.The premise of freedom of thought is not freedom of expression
B.Free speech will lead to extremes of thought
C.Freedom of thought is not equal to freedom of speech
D.Freedom of speech does not necessarily lead to freedom of thought

d
The development of the emerging industrial Internet of Things is astonishing.In just a few years, the industrial scale of the Internet of Things has shown a compound annual growth rate of more than 30%.Intellectual property such as patents has provided strong support for the rapid rise of this rising industry.Predicting the future In the next few years, the global IoT market will grow rapidly.In 2015, the size of the IoT market in China will reach 750 billion yuan, and the market prospects will far exceed those of computers, the Internet, and mobile communications.From the current situation of patent applications in China, Obviously, the number of core technology patents and international patent applications filed through the Patent Cooperation Treaty is obviously insufficient.Therefore, industry experts have pointed out that it is necessary to accelerate the patent layout of China's Internet of Things industry.
What does not match the meaning of this text?
A.China's IoT market may exceed the computer market in the future
B.China's IoT industry is growing rapidly as a rising industry
C.The development of China's Internet of Things industry needs the support of independent intellectual property rights
D.China's IoT industry will develop into a pillar industry in China in the future

b
Haze weather caused by fine particles is even more harmful to human health than sandstorms.Particles with a particle size of more than 10 microns will be blocked out of the human nose; particles with a particle size between 2.5 and 10 microns, It can enter the upper respiratory tract, but part of it can be excreted through sputum, etc., and it will also be blocked by the villi inside the nasal cavity, which is relatively less harmful to human health.Interfering with the gas exchange in the lungs, causing diseases including asthma, bronchitis, and cardiovascular disease.These particles also enter the blood, where harmful gases, heavy metals, etc.are dissolved in the blood, which is more harmful to human health.
What does this text mean?
A.Heavy metals will be dissolved in the blood and endanger human health
B.Fine particles in haze weather are harmful to human health
C.Different effects of particles with different particle sizes on human health
D.The pathogenic mechanism of particles of different sizes in severe weather

b
The way to register for Weibo is very simple, as long as the viewers register an e-mail address and set a password, they can become Weibo users.The requirements for writing Weibo are not high: just write a few words to vent your emotions.So, just use If you can type on your computer or send a text message on your mobile phone, you can post your emotions in a short and quick way.In addition, the interface setting method of Weibo makes it easier to browse the information, and the content of a Weibo is only equivalent to two Three mobile text messages that will not take long.In this era of excessive information and people's attention is severely divided, Weibo is more in line with the needs of people to read quickly.
What does not match the meaning of this text?
A.The threshold for using Weibo is low, and information release is simple and easy
B.The content of Weibo more caters to the reading needs of modern people
C.Users can use Weibo to vent their emotions
D.The setting of the Weibo interface is convenient for users to browse the information

a
The pollution caused by offshore oil development to the ocean is mainly manifested in the following: wastes generated during life, production, and natural processes, and oily sewage are discharged into the ocean; accidents such as oil spills, oil spills, and blowouts occur; the greatest harm is to marine life Impact.Oil film and oil block can stick to a lot of fish eggs and juvenile fish, cause fish eggs to die, deformity of juvenile fish, and also cause the oily smell to fish and shrimp.Adult fish and shellfish live in polluted seawater for a long time.In the body, certain harmful substances are accumulated in the body, which endangers human health when entering the market and consumed by humans.Preventing pollution caused by the development of offshore oil must start with increasing technological innovation and raising the environmental awareness of offshore oil development workers.
This text does not mention offshore oil development?
A.Pollution status
B.Environmental awareness
C.Pollution performance
D.Object of harm

b
The so-called national media literacy refers to the literacy of citizens to correctly judge the value, meaning, and role of media information and to effectively use and disseminate information.In the information age, national media literacy has become an important part of national comprehensive literacy.As a media audience, nationals If you have a high level of media literacy, you can distinguish the various ideologies and values behind the mass media, deceive the truth of the information received, and extract the truth from the rough so that you can uphold and promote healthy and progressive concepts and culture, and resist and criticize negative and decadent concepts and culture.
The text is intended to explain:
A.What is national media literacy
B.Significance of improving national media literacy
C.How to maintain high media literacy
D.To promote the continuous improvement of national media literacy

a
When astronauts perform missions outside the International Space Station, compounds in space will stick to their clothes: they are brought back to the space station, and the smell of the universe is on these special compounds, so they "smell" the universe The real smell: Outer space smells like the smell of a car race, mixed with the smell of hot metal, diesel and barbecue.These smell: If the byproducts of the violent burning of the stars that are about to die out, this byproduct is A strong-smelling compound, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, these molecules flood the entire universe and will float forever.Comets, meteors and space dust all have their presence, and they were also one of the important ingredients when the life of the earth was first formed, Coal, oil, and even food on the earth have not been able to lack it.
The following statements are consistent with the original:
A.The dying star produces PAHs during intense combustion
B.PAHs are the foundation for the continuation and evolution of life on Earth
C.A wide variety of compounds in space
D.The cosmic odor is harmful to astronauts

a
The dual-track system is an institutional arrangement adopted by China in transitioning from a planned economy to a market economy.It has been widely used in various economic fields.So far, the market for all industrial products and most agricultural products in China has been fully liberalized.Degrees still exist, which reflects the complexity and particularity of the reform of the food distribution system.
Based on this text, the correct understanding of the "dual-track system" is:
A.The timing of the complete withdrawal of the dual-track system under a market economy is still immature
B.During the planned economy period, the dual-track system was generally adopted for industrial products
C.The opening of the agricultural product market is just around the corner
D.The dual-track system of food markets restricts free trade in food

d
Recently, researchers have developed a new type of lithium battery, which is widely used in laptops, mobile phones and other electronic products.Traditional lithium batteries use liquid electrolytes.A polymer film is used to separate the positive and negative electrodes.In the lithium battery, the positive and negative electrodes of the battery are fused together to make a jelly-like gel.This gel looks solid, but 70% of it is a liquid electrolyte, which can work well.To the conductive effect.The new lithium battery has the same function as the traditional lithium battery, and the outstanding advantages are in terms of safety.The traditional lithium battery, such as the poor packaging process, has a relatively high risk of fire and explosion.Compared with the new lithium battery using a gel, It will be much safer.
From this text, you can know:
A.The new lithium battery has a higher ignition point, so it is safer
B.Traditional lithium batteries do not require polymer separators to separate the positive and negative electrodes
C.New lithium batteries have been widely used in mobile phones and other electronic products
D.The internal structure of the two types of lithium batteries is different, but the conductive principle is the same

d
Since the 1990s, the global annual consumption of rare earth has increased from 33,000 tons to more than 10-liter tons.Rare earth is not only an important raw material for traditional industries such as steel, non-ferrous metals, petroleum, but also in photoelectric information, catalytic equivalent technology, and new materials.It has shown an irreplaceable role in the field.In today's world, a new use of rare earth is found almost every 3 to 5 years, and one out of every four new technologies is related to rare earth.China is the largest resource country of rare earth and protects Rare earth resources are urgently needed.
This text mainly states:
A.The characteristics and value of thinness are gradually being understood by humans
B.Broad prospects for the development and utilization of rare earth resources in China
C.The international community has regarded the rare earth as a strategic resource
D.Development and utilization of rare earth restrict high-tech applications

d
In the process of urbanization, large public facilities or buildings, such as subways, often carry the function of urban memory and are part of the city's history and culture.Large public buildings in cities do not need to keep up with the trend and do not need to be unified, but To connect architecture with the city's historical context, human environment, etc., to a certain extent, a brand new look has become the dominant pursuit of urban aesthetics, so the city is in various unnecessary innovations and changes, and the characteristics of urban architecture are blurred.Sometimes it becomes a victim of "dressing contests", and over time, it makes it difficult to form and continue the cultural connotation of the city.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Lack of overall design of urban architecture will make the city lose its human characteristics
B.The cultural connotation of Chengshan cannot be formed and continued to the immediate situation
C.Innovation and change in urban fabric construction will lead to the city's model
D.History and humanities should not be used in urban construction: important elements to ignore

b
The leader of the British Conservative Party personally solicited young people in the advertisement.The Labour Party has a National Committee for the Youth Labour Party.In its revised party constitution in 2005, it was stated that the young people should resonate with the Labour Party's ideas and ideas; the Liberal Democratic Party even relaxed its age, even 12 All children can join their youth organizations.This has also promoted the younger trend of party leaders and brought vitality to British politics; former Labour Prime Minister Blair took office at the age of 44 and current Prime Minister Cameron became the Conservative at 39 leaders.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Britain has a good culture and environment that encourages childcare
B.Britain's three major parties all attach importance to absorbing young members
C.Young people in Britain have a strong sense of participation in politics
D.The trend of younger party leaders in the UK is becoming increasingly apparent

b
In all life on Earth at present, humans are no longer members of the traditional food chain, but are creating or even controlling the food chain and exerting unprecedented influence on the natural ecosystem.The abuse of atomic weapons and genetically modified technology is to make the earth s life system on which we live depends on the destruction of fire, and the garbage created by the pursuit of a hedonic consumption model will cover the planet.It also overdraws the underground resources, space resources and even space resources of future generations.The increasing temperature of the earth has attracted people Proud technological civilization sounded the alarm.
This text is intended to illustrate:
A.Earth warming is related to human activities and must be addressed
B.Human beings must pay attention to sustainable development while developing technology
c.Human beings have suffered unprecedented damage to nature and must suffer from it.
D.Technological advancements have changed the way of life of human beings, with serious consequences

b
There are advanced and backward examination techniques, but it is difficult to say that the college admissions system is advanced or backward.In 1993, scholars pointed out that the examination system is related to the national education systems and social conditions of each country.Some countries have an examination system with It is highly persistent and difficult to change; in some countries, the examination system is undergoing substantial, even rapid reforms.In addition, the reform directions of examination systems in different countries are not the same.
What does the text show the author's point of view?
A.Historical and objective evaluation of the examination system
B.College admissions systems have their strengths and weaknesses, making it difficult to distinguish between good and bad
C.College admissions system should be reformed according to the specific conditions of the country
D.The examination system abroad has a long history and is worth learning from

d
If criticism is not free, then praise is meaningless.In a sense, the credibility of praise depends on the freedom of criticism.If we are in an environment where we cannot express our opinions freely, then regardless of the voice of praise How well expressed is not to let the public believe it is true, because the most authentic evaluation is always produced in a freely contestable speech environment.Once the institutional soil that guarantees the credibility of praise speech is missing, even if the praise really comes from the parties The true feelings will be greatly reduced.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.Praise and criticism are a unity of contradictions
B.True praise can achieve the best results
C.Both criticism and praise require a free speech environment
D.Being able to express criticism freely has true praise

d
It is often thought that used, old-style television picture tubes (cathode-ray tubes) are a waste material that contains toxic substances.But a new study suggests that this waste material may be useful.Researchers at 800 trillion becquerels of radioactivity Debris of the cathode ray tube glass was placed between the cobalt radiation source and the instrument for measuring the radiation dose to determine its ability to shield the radiation.The analysis results show that even if the glass debris of the cathode ray tube is not processed, the 55 cm thick Glass shards can reduce the radiation dose to 1% of the original, which is equivalent to the shielding ability of a lead plate about 9 cm thick, and lead is considered to be the substance that has the strongest ability to absorb and shield nuclear radiation so far.Debris and glass frit produced by crushing the cathode ray tube are mixed together, and the effect is about 40 cm thick.
Regarding the glass debris of the cathode ray tube, the following statement is correct:
A.The ability to absorb nuclear radiation is comparable to lead
B.Increasing thickness increases its ability to shield nuclear radiation
C.Its view of containing toxic substances is questioned
D.The fineness of its processing will affect the ability to shield nuclear radiation

c
After nearly 200 years of development, the art museum has evolved from the original "artist's institution" to today's "public art institution." The curator, director, and curator of the Art Museum found that the biggest problem they face now is not Dealing with donors, collectors, and colleagues, but how to attract ordinary people without art education and lack of relevant art experience to the art museum.The potential idea group does not enter the museum because they do not understand art history, lack For related art experiences, the museum has always thought that the museum did not welcome them, and there was nothing in them that interested them.Eliminating this "uncomfortableness" first required to downplay the elite color of the art museum.Art is not only about big people, but also ordinary people.Sociologically, the latter is more important.
This text mainly states:
A.The popularity of art education leads the public to museums
B.De-elitism is the direction of current art development
C: Art museums should actively approach the general public
D.The level and level of the public's artistic appreciation continue to increase

a
Government functions and costs have been controversial, but research in this area seems to be in a state where opinions and positions are far from being consistent.One important reason is the limitation of research perspectives and methods.Generally speaking, there are two types of research One is to abide by the presuppositions of neo-classical economic theory, that the market can effectively solve problems in economic and social development, and hold the view of "small government"; the other is to abide by the presuppositions of government interventionism, that the government's intervention from time to time Necessary conditions for healthy operation.I believe that to solve this dilemma, we must have a new theoretical perspective and new research methods, and the emerging classical economic theory is one of them.
This text is most likely to tell next:
A.Theoretical framework and research methods of emerging classical economy
B.How can the new theoretical perspective help improve the administrative efficiency of the government?
C.Limitations of Presuppositions in Neoclassical Economics
D.Reasons for the inconsistency between government functions and costs

b
Traditional holidays have statutory holidays, and it may not be impossible to travel to Zhejiang.The real reason why an ancient festival continues is not that it is so lively and how many business opportunities it can bring, but because it carries the accumulated Chinese generations.That sentiment is filled with the spiritual blood and cultural genes that the Chinese nation depends on to survive.Nowadays, as social progress and economic development, people have higher expectations and requirements for traditional festivals and look forward to returning.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Excessive commercialization will weaken the spiritual connotation of traditional festivals
B.The vitality of traditional festivals lies in the inheritance and development of their spiritual connotations
C.People expect traditional festivals with historical value and practical significance
D.Traditional festivals can provide people with emotional retreat and spiritual homes

d
Since the 1980s, market-oriented reforms have enabled the realization of the market value of human capital, and the rate of return on education for residents has increased from a low level to about 10%.Important reasons: With the improvement of education, high-education workers are no longer scarce, education returns have gradually stabilized, and the salary ratio of high- and low-education workers has no longer rise.In recent years, the phenomenon of wage convergence has appeared, and the gap between different education incomes is narrowing.
In line with this text:
A.Educational level is directly proportional to income
B.Educational level has improved, and the salary ratio of different education has decreased steadily
C.The human capital market continues to adjust so that the impact of educational factors on income is gradually reduced
D.The guarantee of universal education and fair education has narrowed the income distribution gap

d
The latest research shows that the so-called "good cholesterol" may not be really that good.The study cited a large number of genetic data and found that even if the high-density protein cholesterol (HD.L) level commonly known as "good cholesterol" is increased, it will not reduce the risk of heart disease.It must help; at the same time, people with high HD.L levels due to genetic factors are not at least as likely to have a heart attack than people with low levels of natural HD.L.If HD.L really helps To reduce the risk of heart disease, the former should have a lower chance of developing heart disease.Scholars who have not participated in the study are disturbed by the relevant results.
Which of the following is best for the title of this text?
A.Genetic factors and heart disease
B.New findings in heart disease research
C.Effects of cholesterol on heart disease
D."Good cholesterol" or does not exist

c
There is something wrong with the human electoral system, which is filled with too much money and meaningless arguments.Perhaps we should turn our attention to nature, find the meaning of elections, and correct or improve our system.Entomologist Tom Sealy Suggest that we should learn from bees.Sealy's research shows that the hive is a truly democratic society.When bees need to find a new home, the choice of place is voted by many bees, such as according to the size, humidity and surrounding flowers of the place How many parameters such as "quality".Each bee uses dance to vote.When the number of bees dancing a certain dance is enough, most opinions also tend to the place represented by the dance.The bees not only vote to decide "move the capital", in In the duel of the candidate queens, the worker bees will also interfere with the direction of the "election" in some way, and choose the queen who is most beneficial to the development of the entire hive.
Which of the following is best for the title of this text?
A.Smart Bee
B.Connotation of elections
C.Democracy of bees
D.Human role models

a
Unless otherwise specified, inflation is generally the price increase measured by the consumer price index (C.PI).Index, which directly affects the real purchasing power of residents 'income.From the perspective of maintaining residents' welfare, no price index is more suitable and more considerate than C.PI.And the fluctuation of food prices dominates consumer prices in China.The index fluctuates, not only because food prices account for more than 30% of the commodity basket, but more importantly, the food price itself fluctuates violently.Therefore, focusing on food price fluctuations has become the top priority of China's inflation research.
The most accurate summary of this text is:
A.Explain why food prices are the focus of research on inflation in China
B.Analysis of the significance of controlling food price fluctuations to China's national economy and people's livelihood
C.Explain how food price volatility affects the consumer price index
D.Emphasize that improving the real purchasing power of residents should start with controlling food prices

d
In traditional Chinese concepts, the sculpture has not been regarded as an art form equivalent to painting; in traditional Chinese scholarship, there is only "painting" instead of "sculpture." This lack of attention in history caused the end of the 19th century.At the beginning of the 20th century, a large number of stone carvings with high historical data research value were lost overseas, and today, the eyes of emerging collectors are only on the wealth of art, so the bronze, golden Buddha statues of the Yuan, Ming and Qing dynasties Prices soared all the way, and in the face of those ancient stone sculptures that truly reflected the Chinese sculpture culture and historical style, they behaved a bit timid and indecisive, which made people regrettable.
This text mainly talks about:
A.The importance of conceptualizing sculpture art
B.Reasons why the ancient stone carvings are not valued in China
C.The immature mentality of current sculpture collectors
D.The deviation between the price and value of sculpture collections

b
Deep in the heart of almost everyone, there is a longing for Utopia and the ideal society.The dystopian theme is the deduction of its logic.Eventually, it will be found that ideals (mainly worship of institutions and technology) often lead to various inefficiencies.Disadvantages of control: totalitarian rule, inhuman society, spiritual depression, etc.Compared with the enthusiasm of utopia for criticizing "old" or promised "new", dystopian vocabulary is grimmer and respects the truth of human nature.Most dystopian works are full of imagination and black humor, and their spicy irony makes us cried and laughed, and then sweated coldly.
The most accurate summary of this text is:
A.Revealing the Drawbacks of Utopian Ideals
B.Introduce the characteristics of dystopian works
C.Describe the gap between ideal and reality
D.Point out the differences between utopian and dystopian works

a
The United Kingdom has a tradition of high welfare.In 1601, the United Kingdom introduced the world's first "Poverty Alleviation Act".In 1948, according to the "Beveridge Plan", it was declared the world's first welfare state and promised to provide a "cradle to grave" all-weather welfare guarantee.Institutional services.However, with the economic downturn, especially the aging population, the UK s population aged 65 and over has reached 16%, and pensions are inadequate.The current pension gap has reached 26% of GD.P.Reform is reasonable and reasonable, but this has undoubtedly touched the cheese of national pension costs, and it is also reasonable to be strongly resisted.Obviously, the rigid characteristics of the welfare system make it easy to be extravagant and difficult to be extravagant.
The most accurate summary of this text is:
A.Describe the difficult situation in the UK pension reform plan
B.Revealing the new requirements of the aging population on the British attacking government
C.Rethinking the shortcomings of the UK's 24/7 welfare guarantee system
D.Analysis of objective reasons for the failure of the British high welfare tradition

a
People who silently read TV news and advertisements can remember and remember more information than those who watch the TV program itself; you despise the value principle of a magazine, and you can still read it with interest.If this happens to a TV program, If you don't see it, change the channel quickly.In this case, we are unwilling to spend time on disagreeing views, it is impossible to reflect, and in fact, it will be rarer to question everything.Looking at the two written records together, it is easy to find inconsistencies, and even to discern the difference in the level of authority between the information; it is more troublesome to compare two video reports, and it is required to choose from two conflicting television reports.At times, viewers either rely on intuition or watch what they believed before.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Reading text is more helpful than watching TV
B.The way information is received affects people's behavior
C.Television can lead to wrong values
D.People who like to read are calmer than those who like to watch TV

d
In the long evolutionary process, food scarcity has always been the primary threat to human beings.Due to the uncertainty of food supply and the inability to preserve food for a long time, human beings have been living a full and hungry life and can maximize the effective use of food Of individuals have survival advantages.After experiencing repeated famine selections, individuals with survival advantages and the genes in their bodies are retained by natural selection.These genes can stimulate a large amount of insulin secretion after a full meal, thereby maximizing Limit the conversion and use of glucose in the blood.Although the cost of doing so may lead to obesity, the survival threat caused by its harm to the body is not manifested until after middle age, and for most of human history Here, the average life expectancy of a person is less than 30 years.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The living environment of ancient people is completely different from modern people
B.The human physiological structure is the result of natural selection
C.Food scarcity is the number one issue for humans in the long run
D.Obesity is associated with dominant genes in human survival and reproduction

b
As a visual symbol of mass communication, a trademark must have a specific meaning, and it needs to clearly convey the specific information it has in a concise image.Therefore, a trademark that has only image beauty but does not have rich connotation cannot be said As a "sign", at best it is only a pattern or graphic.At the same time, we must also understand that every enterprise must have many aspects.It is impossible to cover all the information with one image.It is also not advisable to accommodate all the characteristics.This requires the designer to extract the unique attributes of the object through analysis and screening, so that it perfectly integrates with the visual image, so as to create a brand-new, clearly indicative symbol.
The text is intended to explain:
A.How can a trademark present the unique attributes of a business
B.The trademark should be the perfect unity of image and connotation
C.The trademark creation process is a test of the designer
D.Rich content is the most basic requirement for trademarks

b
Asian countries have escaped the global depression in recent years.The main reason is that they have not been involved in the 2008 financial crisis.However, a recent survey showed that Asian debt levels are growing at a terrible rate.In some ways, There are some reasonable reasons for this.The ultra-low interest rate policies of many countries encourage loans, and debt growth is a natural product of wealth growth.But it is worthwhile to note that Asian countries need to rely on larger debt scales to maintain economic growth.This signal shows that the economic health of Asia is not as good as the growth rate of GD.P reflects.Asia s current debt level is generally lower than that of Europe and is still in a safe range, but the rapid growth of debt will make the economy more vulnerable Shock.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Lack of staying power for economic growth in Asian countries
B.Asian countries need to be alert to falling into a debt crisis
C.Endless troubles after blindly pursuing the growth rate of GD.P
D.Fully understand the advantages and disadvantages of ultra-low interest loan policies

a
Meteorological conditions and changes not only affect people's physical health but also have a significant impact on psychological emotions.Favorable meteorological conditions make people feel more emotional and comfortable; unfavorable weather conditions make people feel depressed, lazy and weak and even cause psychological and spiritual Morbidity and abnormal behavior.Studies show that high temperatures, high humidity, rain and some abnormal weather events are not good for people's mental health.According to a WHO data, El Ni?o in the last century affected about 100,000 people worldwide.Depression, the incidence of mental illness increased by 8%.The reason is that this phenomenon causes global climate anomalies and weather disasters, exceeding the psychological tolerance of some people, leading to mental disorders such as restlessness, mental retardation and other mental disorders.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Abnormal weather can adversely affect a person's mental condition
B.Depression is related to climate abnormalities and weather disasters
C.In-depth study of abnormal meteorological conditions such as El Nino is necessary
D.There is some scientific reason for the ancient saying of "heaven and man unite"

d
You must have heard this theory: the left-handed person's right brain is more active and therefore more emotional and artistically gifted; the right-handed person has fully trained his left brain because rain is good at logical thinking and his personality is more rational.This concept is so Be so deeply rooted that some parents or educators take pains to get their children to balance left and right-hand activities.
The author is most likely to talk about next:
A.Why is there a division of labor between the left and right brains?
B.How the left and right brains work together
C.Examples of different left and right brain divisions
D.There may not be a clear division of labor between left and right brains

c
Compared with government public relations, civil diplomacy is more flexible, the content and carrier of communication are more acceptable, and it can achieve the effect of moisturizing and silent.At present, more and more foreign people come to visit China, and China is getting more and more With more citizens going abroad, the development of online media has also made it easier for the general public to influence public opinion.Therefore, it is necessary to guide the domestic public to actively cooperate with public diplomacy and actively disseminate Chinese cultural traditions and values through channels such as news media, community organizations, and civil society.Philosophy, safeguard the image of the country.
What does this passage mean?
A.Differences between Civil Diplomacy and Government Public Relations
B.Significance of civil diplomacy in international exchanges
C.Nongovernmental diplomacy should be guided to play an active role
D.The media should guide the public correctly in international exchanges

a
Income distribution is the result of a series of socio-political and economic policies and related systems, so the essence of reforming income distribution is to reform socio-political and economic policies and related systems that cause unfair income distribution.Income distribution reform, in a strict sense, It is not a reform of "all the rich and poor", but a reform that brings the socio-political and economic system closer to fairness, justice and justice, and a reform of the socio-political and economic environment that provides all members of the society with more equal opportunities for development.Social fairness, justice and justice.With a political and economic system that can provide equal opportunities for development for members of society, it is possible to form a reasonable income distribution system.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.The essence of income distribution reform
B.Background to income distribution reform
C.What is true social justice
D.What is a reasonable income distribution system

b
The role of contingency in psychology is often overlooked by laymen and even clinical psychology practitioners.It is difficult to realize that part of the change in behavior is caused by random factors, so psychologists should not pretend to be able to predict each case.Action.Psychological predictions should be probabilistic, meaning that they can make psychological predictions at the individual level, which is a common mistake made by clinical psychologists.
What does this text mean?
A.Human behavioral changes are accidental
B.Psychological predictions are overall predictions of behavior
C.The accuracy of human behavior prediction is not high at present
D.Clinical psychologists are better at making psychological predictions about individuals

d
The custom of burning incense has a long history in China.Usually people incense their clothes for etiquette.Ancient scholars also like to burn a furnace in the study to create a mood of "red sleeves and fragrance for night reading".Therefore, it was long before the Han Dynasty.Incense burners made of pottery, porcelain, copper, iron, and tiles appeared.During the Han Dynasty, the introduction of Buddhism played a significant role in the development of incense burners.From the end of the Yuan Dynasty to the beginning of the Ming, incense burners made of other materials gradually It was replaced by a copper incense burner, and the Xuande period of the Ming Dynasty was the peak period of copper incense burner production.
Sections are the introduction to an article, what is the article most likely to tell next?
A.The influence of religion on the technique of making incense burners
B.Reasons for the gradual fading of etiquette
C.Development and evolution of incense burner making materials
D.The Making of Xuande Incense Burner and Its Artistic Achievements

b
The "happiness" sensor is placed on the surface of the human body or implanted in the human body, and the indicators of people's happiness can be measured through various indicators.No "happiness" sensor will be perfect, and it is not necessary.When the thermometer was invented It is also very imprecise, but over time, the design of thermometers has become more sophisticated and is now an indispensable commodity.Scientists believe that "happiness" sensors will follow a similar evolutionary process, although they will There will always be a certain degree of uncertainty, but wearable sensors are more low-key and easier to use than traditional tools for measuring happiness.
What does this passage mean?
A.No "happiness" sensor can be perfect
B."Happiness" sensor will become an indispensable commodity
C."Happiness" sensors will develop towards high accuracy
D.Humans do nt need perfect happiness sensors

a
Through remote sensing detection, it was found that from October to March of the following year, every 2 to 3 days, there was floating dust blowing from the westerly belt at an altitude of more than 2 kilometers.When it arrived over the North China Plain, due to the lowered terrain.After the wind speed drops, the floating dust will be mixed down with the pollutants, and the fine particles will rapidly increase after encountering water vapor, causing a large-scale high-intensity pollution phenomenon.If the south side is relatively strong, it will form a continuous multi-day Heavy polluted weather.
This text is intended to explain the air pollution phenomenon in North China?
A.Causes of Formation
B.Formation process
C.Coverage
D.Time of occurrence

b
In fact, deferred debt repayment does not help to truly resolve the risk of local government debt.In most cases, it has planted a more powerful "time bomb".Once "borrowing the old with the new" has become a routine practice for local governments The consequences are even more unimaginable.In view of this, the central government should promptly take tough measures to stop local governments from continuing to sing "drag words"; relevant ministries and commissions should also actively consider using the capital market to digest local government public debt and use debt securitization, etc.Introduce private capital to reduce debt risks; local governments should also appropriately reduce their economic construction functions, realize financial rights and equal rights of affairs, and fundamentally eliminate the living soil of excessive debt.
What is the most accurate summary of this text?
A.Emphasize the central government's guiding role in defusing local government debt risks
B.Discuss effective means to resolve the risk of local government debt
C.Analyze the reasons for limiting local government deferred debt service
D.Describe the general practice of local government debt repayment

b
There are many new technologies born in the field of thermal power, and the combined cycle technology is one of them.In simple terms, the combined cycle technology is "one gas and two uses": the high-temperature exhaust gas discharged from the gas turbine is recovered and converted into steam by the waste heat boiler and enters the steam turbine.After driving it to run, both turbines transmit kinetic energy to the generator to generate electricity; the exhaust gas enters the boiler again, which further converts the thermal energy contained in it into kinetic energy and reduces the temperature of the final exhaust gas.This is not only environmentally friendly but also saves fuel.In addition to high power generation efficiency, fast start-up speed is also a great advantage of combined cycle technology.Its working principle is to shut down the slow-running steam turbine at the beginning of a startup, and only start the gas turbine to generate sufficient heat before switching to combined cycle mode.This feature is very useful for large cities with frequent power emergency incidents.
Regarding combined cycle technology, what does the following statement do not match the above text?
A.Can be started quickly in a short time when the power is off
B.Steam turbine starts earlier than gas turbine
C.High-temperature exhaust gas is recycled
D.Significantly improved power generation efficiency

a
In the West, football was once synonymous with humility and brutality.At that time, there were no rules for football activities, let alone etiquette, and there was no difference between fighting with a group fight.It is common to kill people.But this game is particularly bloody.Particularly exciting and attractive.Although repeatedly banned, it is often "spring breeze blows up." In order to make this game that people love and hate to benefit the body and mind, and to change the image of "cheap kicker", people Created football rules, added football etiquette.
What does this passage mean?
A.Rules and etiquette are important for football
B.Football has always been popular in the West
C.Football has a history of being spurned
D.Football has undergone tremendous changes

b
In a long traditional agricultural society, mankind has been unable to shake off the lack of production and the lack of basic materials, and the total wealth of society is relatively constant, and wealth is mainly provided by limited natural resources.This means that international relations are more focused on Access to limited natural resources began.However, the development of modern industry and commerce and the advancement of science and technology have led to explosive growth in the total wealth of society.Countries around the world have increasingly realized that jointly establishing a just and reasonable world order is the realization of everyone.The best way to benefit.
What does this text mean?
A.The growth of total social wealth depends mainly on the use of natural resources
B.Changes in the way social wealth is acquired have profound implications for international relations
C.There is a strong link between international relations and natural resources
D.Mankind is gradually getting rid of the constraints of the supply of natural resources

d
In the face of earthquakes, science still has a lot to do.Through the study of seismic waves, people have found that seismic waves include longitudinal waves and shear waves.The former propagate faster, but the destructive force is smaller, while the latter is the opposite.Therefore, people use the earthquake monitoring network to monitor When the faster-propagating longitudinal wave of the seismic wave is transmitted, the monitoring center sends a signal to the monitoring center, and the monitoring center can use radio waves to send alerts to the public and key facilities through the client.In other words, the seismic alert is a "running race between radio waves and seismic transverse waves" "When the earthquake transverse wave has not yet arrived, warn people.
What does this text mean?
A.Difficulty in monitoring S-waves of seismic waves than P-waves
B.The accuracy and speed of earthquake warning systems need to be improved
C.The development of radio wave technology is a prerequisite for achieving pre-seismic prediction
D.Scientific use of the time difference between two seismic waves can issue an effective earthquake alert

c
Traditional pure literature magazines are quietly undergoing a "fashion revolution".Recently, well-known pure literature magazines have announced: "touch the Internet".These magazines have decades of history and have always been "tens of pages away." "The world", so this trend has caused a lot of onlookers.However, our reporter learned in the survey that most of these literary journals face the dilemma of traditional readers and difficult for young readers.Therefore, "touching the net" is certainly fashionable for them.It is also a kind of self-salvation that conforms to the times.
What is not covered in this passage?
A.Traditional literary journals face the problem of attracting younger readers
B.Traditional literature periodicals "touch the net" is in line with the trend of the times, the general trend
C.Pure literature magazine going digital is the only redemption from the current predicament
D.Pure literary magazines have maintained the tradition of paper media for decades

a
Solving the problem of combining science and technology with the economy has always been the core of the reform of the science and technology system.Previous reforms have adopted a series of measures from the commercialization of technology, the operation mechanism of science and technology, the organizational structure, and the personnel system, mainly focusing on the micro-organizational level.To this day, we need to think more from the macro-management level.In other words, the reform has been changed to the government managers who promote the reform of the science and technology system.Does the concept of government science and technology resource allocation need to change? Do we need to change the mode of scientific and technological activity management? Does the organization that manages science and technology activities need to be adjusted? After answering these three questions, it is possible to solve the "two skins" problem of technology and economy.
What does this text mean?
A.Thinking about the reform of the science and technology system from the perspective of government management
B.Immediate reform of the national science and technology system is imminent
C.Clarifying government responsibilities is an important prerequisite for the reform of the scientific and technological system
D.The disjunction of technology and economy is a drawback of China's science and technology system

c
Since the beginning of the 21st century, Europe has been plagued by a decline in competitiveness.In 2010, in the newly-promulgated "European 2020 Strategy", the European Union explicitly proposed that the ratio of R & D and innovation to GDP would average 3% per year.Under the impact of the debt crisis, countries are busy tightening their finances, and innovation has been ignored.According to the latest statistics from the European Union, in 2011, the EU s R & D expenditure accounted for only 2.03% of GDP.Of the 27 member states, only Denmark and Malta have achieved their goals.In the next few years, due to restrictions on public debt and fiscal compacts, fiscal policies in EU countries will remain tight overall, and limited funds can be used to stimulate research and development, which means that it is difficult to innovate.The improvement has fundamentally determined that Europe's economic growth will lack an engine.
According to this text, what is the root cause of the declining competitiveness in Europe?
A.Debt crisis hits European manufacturing
B.Limited investment in R & D
C.Fiscal austerity leads to insufficient innovation
D.Economic growth cannot drive higher product quality

a
At present, there is no shortage of good design and talents in China.However, there are still many obstacles in how to integrate with life and the market to make design an industry.One is the lack of channels for communication between artists and manufacturers.Many experts believe that manufacturers lack interest in design.Many experts believe that the modern understanding of design should be extended to all enterprises, so that companies are willing to invest, only to understand that design is the main capital of future competition and is the product of international measurement The main criterion is that consumers buy the main weights in the balance so that companies can have a strategic vision that values design.
Can it be derived from this text?
A.Enterprise's disregard for design hinders the industrialization of design in China
B.Poor communication between designers and enterprises restricts the marketization of design
C.Domestic enterprises' evaluation of design level differs from international standards
D.Enterprises are unwilling to invest in the design process and cause a large number of design talents to drain

c
At different times, about 7,000 plants and hundreds of animals were used as food by humans.The loss of species will reduce the diversity of food, and make humans rely on only a few major foods, thus breaking the balanced diet structure of people In addition, with forests, the loss of species in the field can lead to an increase in certain pathogens, which are the culprits of disease in organisms.Some of the animals, plants and microorganisms most likely to become extinct are actually "buffers" for the spread of infectious diseases.Areas, they bear many diseases before they become infected.
The following statements are inconsistent with the original:
A.Endemic species can buffer the spread of infectious diseases
B.Loss of biological diversity affects human health
C.Loss of species endangers human food safety
D.The delicate relationship between species diversity and disease infection

d
WiFi relies on invisible radio wave transmission, the power of the equipment is getting higher and higher, and local electromagnetic radiation is bound to increase; wireless signals pass through walls, and network information is not secure.These security risks are "swept away" in LiFi.Spectral ratio The radio spectrum is 10,000 times larger, which means greater bandwidth and higher speed, and the network setup requires almost no new infrastructure.LiFi technology itself has its limitations.If the lights are blocked, the network signal will be cut off.Currently, A series of key technology products are "hands-on" by researchers, and there are no commercial chipsets yet.There is still a long way to go for thousands of households like WiFi.
The following statements are inconsistent with the original:
A.LiFi technology is dedicated to transmitting signals with the help of lights
B.WiFi technology has hidden dangers in information security
C.WiFi is now widely used
D.LiFi does not require any infrastructure to complete network setup

a
When we are suffering from some psychological pain-such as loneliness, social isolation, self-doubt, negative emotions, and no sense of life, nostalgia can play a coping mechanism.These troubles make the brain begin to screen its own memory bank and conclude Some narrative-specific snippets.Through nostalgia, we have resurfaced past successful experiences and intimate relationships.At those times, our lives have a sense of security and order.The psychologist explained: "You are reiterating to yourself 'I have done great things', and I hope this sentence can predict future development.' Although I am not sure now, looking at my past, I know that I am a lovely person.I was destined to accomplish something great.'"
The following statements are inconsistent with the original:
A.Nostalgia will make our escape from reality
B.Nostalgia is our driving force
C.Nostalgia has an emotional buffer
D.Nostalgia can make us optimistic

d
Clay appears to be a poorly fertile mixture of multiple minerals, but it may be the origin of life on Earth.In the simulation of ancient seawater, clay formed hydrogels-made up of a large amount of absorbable liquid The tiny space composition (like a sponge).In the past billions of years, the chemicals that have been trapped in these spaces may have undergone complex reactions, resulting in the formation of proteins, DNA.and various systems that eventually produce living cells.The hydrogel formed by clay may play a role of restraint and protection for the above chemical processes until the development of a cell membrane that envelops living cells.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Clay is rich in nutrients needed for life
B.Protective effect of hydrogel on biochemical reactions
C.The role of clay in the origin of life on Earth
D.Earth life may have originated from clay

a
In recent years, the music curriculum in China's primary and secondary schools has not received enough attention in many regions, and the content of teaching materials cannot keep up with the times.Some music teachers only focus on skills development and ignore the main purpose of music education.Before teaching students a piece of music, teachers should first understand the moral ideas expressed in it, and then educate the students' minds and bodies positively in a variety of ways.As a music teacher, it is their responsibility to make children truly love music.A true, good, and beautiful healthy seed are planted in their hearts.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Music education should focus on the moral education of works
B.Teachers should take responsibility for educating children
C.Music education focuses on morality
D.The content and theme of music education need to be changed

d
Regarding actor certification, everyone is most familiar with the title "first-level actor", and the main criterion for the selection of "the first-level actor" is "to make outstanding contributions to the prosperity of China's literary and artistic career".The standard itself is also ambiguous.According to relevant data, it is only customary to call "first-level actors" as "national first-level actors", and the word "national" in front of the title is more a display of glory.It can also be understood that the popularity and popularity of an actor mainly come from his work, and has nothing to do with his title.
This text mainly emphasizes:
A.The criteria for evaluating actors should be clear and feasible
B.Actor certification is not a measure of the ability
C.Evaluating actors should value work rather than a job title
D.Realistic problems with current actor certification

d
At present, the setting of urban management institutions in different cities is different, generally divided into four types: urban construction supervision brigade, urban management bureau, urban management administrative law enforcement bureau, and urban management committee.Since urban management work is actually its own politics, there is no special national law For guidance, local governments have formulated some local regulations in accordance with the legislative authority, but they are very different and difficult to systematize.This has led to a number of "urban law enforcement violence" incidents in various places in recent years, affecting social stability.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The "chaos" of the current multi-city management in China
B.Urban management law enforcement is the focus of public attention
C.Urban management into the legal track is a top priority
D.It is necessary to formulate national urban management regulations

d
The so-called "commercialization of environmental resources" is to give nature economic value and incorporate the environment into the market economy system.The environment is transformed into a product that can be analyzed like other commodities.As long as the environment is given appropriate value in economic reform, the environment will It can be better protected.According to this view, the emergence of various ecological and environmental problems is precisely due to the fact that the resources and environment are not considered as "commodities" and are not brought to the market for trading.
What does this text mean?
A.Nature and the environment should be given economic value
B.The environment is an important element in today's market economy
C.The emergence of ecological problems is related to the fact that resources and the environment are not regarded as "commodities"
D.Commercialization of environmental resources can better protect the environment

a
Language users distributed in different places have accumulated common or unique experiences in production and life in the long-term development process.These experiences or knowledge systems are all condensed in the language.Each language group has a different understanding of nature.The aspects have reached different depths, forming a complementary distribution of the cognitive structure, and together they constitute a broad and deep knowledge system for human beings.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Human knowledge systems are preserved and constructed verbally by different groups
B.Human groups develop and use experience and knowledge through language
C.Language promotes the differentiation of the knowledge system of various groups
D.The depth and breadth of the experience and knowledge system of different human groups

c
If the Antarctic ecological environment can be assessed and the relevant regulations are strictly implemented, the ecological impact of Antarctic tourism can be effectively controlled, because compared with the extremely vast area of ​​the Antarctic continent, the area of ​​tourist activities is only the total area About 3% .How to manage the scientific research station that has been set up in Antarctica for a long time is a more difficult problem, especially some abandoned scientific research stations have caused new threats to the Antarctic ecological environment.
What does this passage mean?
A.Significance of Antarctic ecological environment assessment
B.Prospects for Antarctic Ecotourism
C.The necessity of Antarctic ecological environment management mechanism
D.Impact of Antarctic scientific research station on local ecological environment

d
With the deepening of China's opening up to the outside world and the acceleration of the globalization of the world economy, the impact of international economic environmental factors on the stability of China's macroeconomic operation has become greater and greater, and we need to pay close attention and treat them with caution.At present, the international market oil prices, food and edible oil prices The impact of rising prices on China's domestic market is becoming greater and greater, and it has become a factor that cannot be ignored for the rise of domestic market-related commodity prices.The impact of such input-type cost-driven price increases will be accompanied by China's important resources such as foreign oil The rise in the dependence of sex goods, and becoming more and more, may become a long-term factor driving price increases, and we must pay more attention to this.
What does this text mean?
A.China's input costs will continue to increase with the deepening of globalization
B.China's externally dependent economic model is one of the reasons for rising prices
C.International market prices have a great impact on China's domestic market prices
D.We must attach importance to the impact of international economic factors on China's economic stability

a
In the US movie theater line, whether it is blockbuster or low-cost production, the fare is the same.This does not seem to be in line with the economic theory of "demand size determines the price".Some researchers have pointed out that any theater The price of all movies released during the same period is the same, a phenomenon formed in the 1970s.Not only the film industry, sports events and performances also follow this pattern.Although at some times and in some regions, mobile pricing can enable Film companies and theaters have higher earnings, but for theaters, keeping the same ticket price for different movies still outweighs the disadvantages.
What is this paragraph most likely to tell next?
A.Reasons why the same ticket price for different movies is better for the theater
B.Main reference factors for determining the fare of the U.S.film industry
C.The relationship between film production costs and audience demand and film pricing
D.Formation of fares in other industries such as sports events and performances

c
"Micro-innovation", this concept is becoming a new direction for Chinese companies to try.Today's technological innovation is no longer a subversive update, and any small change to the user experience may explode the entire market.Weibo It can be seen as a micro-innovation based on blogs, which lowered the user threshold with 140 words and quickly triggered a wave of national microblogs.For companies accustomed to imitation, how to prevent micro-innovation from becoming a "cottage" "Synonym" is the key to the problem, especially in the Internet field.A phenomenon like a group of peaks is common, but it is difficult to see that "micro innovation" is playing a role.
This text is explained by "group purchase"?
A.The phenomenon of blind conformity
B.Update trends
C.Copy and imitate
D.Collective purchase agreement

b
When the night is quiet and we are about to go to sleep, our bodies often twitch suddenly.This kind of twitch is often referred to by scientists as lethargic nystagmus (also known as sleep twitch).At present there is no research to fully understand its cause, so There is a lot of speculation about this.One explanation is that the human brain evolved based on the reptile's brain, so it still retains part of the reptile's stress response pattern.When the muscles are completely relaxed, the brain will be based on this stress The reaction mode thinks that we are falling freely.For the sake of self-protection, the brain commands the muscles of the whole body to move immediately, trying to catch something during the fall, so the already relaxed muscles will suddenly tighten, causing sleep twitching.
This text?
A.Introduce the clinical manifestations of sleep nystagmus
B.Provide an explanation for lethargy
C.Explain the relationship between sleep nystagmus and the brain
D.Explain the significance of lethargy muscles for humans

d
In 1996, brain science researchers in Parma, Italy discovered that a special type of cell, called a mirror neuron, exists in the monkey's brain.Let the monkey see or hear an action.When it does this action, these cells will Excitement.Later studies have shown that this mirror neuron also exists in the human brain, which can feel the subject's fear and anger, sadness and nausea; complex feelings such as shyness, loneliness, and unpopularity can also be apparent through mirror neurons When we see other people's expressions or experienced emotional states, mirror neurons will be activated, allowing us to experience the feelings of others and enter the emotional world of others.
What's best for this text title?
A.The magic of "compassion"
B.What is a neuron
C.New discoveries in brain science
D.Potential causes of "love"

c
Iron is an essential nutrient for all organisms, and marine phytoplankton must extract iron from seawater.Iron produced in seawater is usually very small, so for the vast ocean area, the limitation of iron limits the growth of phytoplankton Iron in seawater mainly comes from aerosols in rivers.However, most of these iron-containing aerosols are deposited in offshore areas, so the transportation of wind and dust has become the main form of iron supply in oceans far from the continent, especially for less iron.In areas such as high latitudes, this replenishment can greatly promote the growth of phytoplankton.
What does the following statement agree with the original?
A.The main function of deep-sea phytoplankton is to decompose iron-containing suspended matter
B.Iron in the ocean in low latitudes mainly comes from wind and dust transport
C.Iron-bearing materials transported by wind and dust are important to marine phytoplankton
D.Iron in the deep sea is mainly in the form of river suspended matter

c
The ultra-fine particle function preparation machine is to pulverize the particles ultra-finely with a violent collision of high-speed air flow, and then automatically classify them, and then add nano- or micro-materials that need to be compounded to knead a variety of properties, so that the particles can achieve the required function.After using ultra-fine particle function preparation machine to pulverize chemicals, they are still easy to agglomerate, not easy to fluidize, and the drug is easy to volatilize.At this time, a pharmaceutical-grade surface coating compound is added, which is adsorbed on the ultra-high-speed medicine by high-speed rotation.The surface of fine particles can not only prevent the agglomeration of ultrafine particles, but also form a protective film to protect the efficacy.
This text explains the "ultrafine particle function preparation machine"?
A.Undertake the processing task of medicine from raw material to preparation
B.Features and its application in medicine crushing and preparation
C.Design principle and application in medicine crushing and preparation
D.Solved the problems in the preparation of chemical crushing

b
According to reports, the female audience accounts for nearly 2/3 of the core audience of a parent-child program of a satellite TV.You can imagine such a scene: at night, young mothers with young children alone watch "Dad with children" on TV at home, And young dads may still be working overtime, socializing, or just staying in the bedroom playing games and playing computers-their children still continue the story of being without their father.In fact, this phenomenon also happens to mothers.In many modern families, the responsibility of raising children is mainly passed on to the older generation.
The text is intended to emphasize?
A.Parental education is absent from modern family life
B.The absent subject of parent-child education in real life
C.The real reason for the current parent-child show to resonate
D.Lack of communication between parents and children in real life

b
The traditional concept of innovation believes that innovation does not have a fixed structure and does not follow rules and patterns.People who want to be innovators are told to "go beyond the natural thinking mode", "expand ideas and use things that have nothing to do with your products and services.Analogy ".We advocate a completely different approach: think in a well-known framework, don't jump out of its scope.When people focus on the internal factors of a situation or problem, creativity is the strongest.Defining a specific innovation task and then closing its extension, so that most of our talents may have more lasting creativity.
What does this text mean?
A.Focus is an important factor in improving creativity
B.Thinking within the framework tends to be more conducive to innovation
C.Ignoring the idea of ​​rules and patterns is not conducive to stimulating creativity
D.Innovation without a fixed structure limits the thinking of innovators

c
At the beginning of the 20th century, physicists such as Planck, Ball, and others jointly created quantum mechanics, which together with relativity is considered to be the two basic pillars of modern physics.The development of quantum mechanics revolutionized the structure of matter for people.And the understanding of their interactions.With the help of quantum mechanics, many phenomena can be truly explained, new phenomena that cannot be imagined by intuition are predicted, and then verified.The birth of theories such as quantum mechanics has helped promote the progress of world civilization.It is of far-reaching significance.The scientific value of these years-long basic research results is inestimable, and it can never be measured by simple standards such as "useful or not."
What does this passage mean?
A.Scientific research requires long-term accumulation
B.Quantum mechanics is of great significance to modern physics
C.Fundamental research is not emergency
D.Scientific value cannot be measured with quantitative indicators

d
News is an objective report, and comments are subjective judgments.In order to get rid of subjective assumptions and maintain objective and rational as much as possible, the news must be based on the facts of the news, rather than relying on its own imagination.This determines that reviews can always follow the news.Later, according to news facts, make corresponding comments and value judgments.You cannot run in front of the news, you cannot make judgments beyond the facts of the news, you can't piece together a fact based on fragmented imagination, and then trumpet it.
What is the most accurate summary of the main point of this text?
A.Comments are an extension of news coverage
B.Comments are from news but higher than news
C.Comments are the refinement and sublimation of news facts
D.Comments must be subjective but must be based on news facts

b
Looking back at the entire industry chain, the plight of China's milk powder industry is the plight of the upstream smallholder economy.China is at the peak of its birth, and there is a huge gap between the amount of milk powder needed and production.High-quality milk sources are scarce products, especially in pastures Today, the traditional dairy farming model has become the biggest obstacle to the development of milk powder in China.The milk source in our country cannot meet the soaring market demand.If we want to ensure the quality of milk sources, we need to change the current small farmer style.The free-range farming model has been transformed into an industrial pasture-style farming model, which requires many fundamental reforms, such as land transfer, the diversion of agricultural population, and a large amount of original capital investment, which are more difficult than restoring milk powder credit.
This text is intended to explain the Chinese milk powder industry?
A.Congenital deficiency in the layout of the industrial chain
B.Difficulties in changing from the production model
C.It is difficult to get rid of import dependence in a short time
D.It takes time to restore the credit of the industry

c
Mark Twain once heard a pastor lecture in a church.At first he felt that the pastor was moving and prepared to donate.After ten minutes, before the pastor had finished speaking, he was a little impatient, so he decided to donate only some change.After another ten minutes, the priest had not finished speaking, so he decided not to donate a penny.In psychology, this phenomenon of excessive stimulus and prolonged action caused psychological impatience or resistance.Called the "overrun effect".The "Ice Bucket Challenge" project currently aimed at helping patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis should also be alert to this effect due to excessive entertainment.Start with the show, but not end with the show, Leaving the true spirit of charity and not just the star video collection, this transnational relay is considered a success.
What is the most accurate summary of this text?
A."Ice Buck Challenge" should be avoided as a show
B.Weakening the role of stars in charity
C.To grasp the value of charity and entertainment
D."Overrun effects" should be prevented in due course

b
At present, for most consumers, smart home products are both familiar and unfamiliar, and many people's concepts are still in electric curtains or villa anti-theft systems.From a technical level, one-click control, remote control, human body sensing, automatic The products that appeared in opening these movies are not "high-tech" today, but due to reasons such as high prices, smart homes have not become widespread.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.Intelligence has become the future development direction of the home furnishing industry
B.At present, there is no barrier to technically achieving smart homes
C.Popularizing the smart home must reduce production costs
D.The fuzzy concept of smart home affects its popularity

c
Human self-esteem can be divided into conditional self-esteem and unconditional self-esteem.The former is self-esteem obtained by meeting certain preset standards, and self-worth depends on the realization of these standards, rather than the true needs of the self, such as thinking of having Beauty is only valuable.Conditional self-esteem often does not understand their needs, and the standard for measuring self-esteem is internalized.If the love of parents is conditional, reward their desired behaviors and not want them.Punishment of behavior, which imposes standards of behavior on children.Children will unconsciously regard this standard as their own pursuit of life, and conditional self-esteem is often manifested through strong self-awareness.Such people always pass Look at yourself from the perspective of others.
What is in line with the meaning of this text?
A.Human true needs are a source of conditional self-esteem
B.Parents' excessive doting can damage children's self-esteem
C.Conditional self-esteem is often overrated in the unexpected world
D.Parents setting behavioral standards for their children are not good for their growth

d
British scientists claim that they have found a way to replace the Global Positioning System (GPS) without the need for any space technology.Studies have found that lasers can confine and cool atoms placed under vacuum, reducing the temperature to above absolute zero One millionth of a degree.At such temperatures, atoms are extremely sensitive to changes in the magnetic and gravitational fields of the earth.Researchers can use these results to limit atoms on a small device, study their fluctuations, and locate their And accurately locate where they are.At this time, the tracking of the track will be done by a device that is only 1 meter long.The key is how to turn it into a miniature device so that it can be installed on a smartphone.in.
What does this text mainly introduce?
A.Innovation of smartphone applications
B.New uses of lasers in technological innovation
C.Application of new positioning system in frontier fields
D.The principle of using atoms to locate

b
Psychological science education is a systematic project that requires the cooperation of all parties.A district has carried out various special psychological science education activities.Streets and communities are the main positions of psychological science education, and all streets have listed this work as community education The relevant departments of the District Party Committee Organization Department, the District Human Resources and Social Security Department, the District Education Department, and the District Women's Federation carried out targeted psychological science popularization education from the actual situation, which played a positive role in stabilizing the workforce.
What's best for the text title of this paragraph?
A.A large number of psychological popularization activities are carried out in a district
B.Jointly promote psychological science education and form a good working atmosphere
C.Psychological popular science education is the focus of community education
D.All units carried out targeted psychological science education

b
Big data refers to massive data that is so large that it is difficult to obtain, manage, process and organize it into useful information through general software tools.It has four characteristics of large volume, high speed, diversity and value, and is considered to be the new century human The "new wealth" and the value "comparable with oil", the developed countries have taken the development and utilization of big data as an important goal to win a new round of commanding heights.
What does this text mean?
A.There is still technical difficulty in processing big data
B.Huge value is hidden behind big data
C.Developed countries have taken a step forward in the development and utilization of big data
D.Development and utilization of big data has become a hot spot in national competition

c
From politics and economy to daily life, from globalization to regional revival, from practical technology to discourse expression, many problems and even crises are closely related to the factor of space.This is caused by the earthquake and tsunami disaster, border armed conflict, The collapse of the real estate industry, road congestion and increasing competition for space are manifested in various forms.
What does this text mean?
A.Economic globalization brings many space crises
B.Natural and man-made space crises are becoming increasingly prominent
C.Space is becoming more important today
D.Increased population brings many space problems

c
One of the biggest problems with the need for reform of state-owned enterprises is that their property rights belong to the state, which has led to the contradiction of the impersonalization of state-owned enterprise operations.As a result, corporate managers do not have to be accountable to enterprises.It is difficult for enterprises to achieve economic benefits.In the reform, state-owned enterprises Began to face the market, and the government also gave it full autonomy, but this has led to some state-owned enterprise executives to strengthen insider control, making state-owned enterprises a corrupt channel for some people to fake public money.The public capital absorbed through the shareholding reform is due to The strength is weak and it is impossible to check and balance this effect.Obviously, after the establishment of the mixed ownership model.If the insider control mechanism of the state-owned enterprise has not been changed, its effect can only be limited.
What does this passage mean?
A.Depersonalization of operations makes it difficult for state-owned enterprises to achieve economic benefits
B.Mixed ownership model can effectively promote the reform of state-owned enterprises
C.Public capital forces cannot balance the insider control mechanism of state-owned enterprises
D.Mixed ownership is the key to successful SOE management system reform

a
The common point between modern chemistry and alchemy is to create new things at the molecular level.As for creating new elements, it is actually the task of nuclear physicists.They take some cyclotrons to bombard the new elements and then fill them into the periodic table as chemistry.The fruit of the victory of the family.Classical alchemy actually has elements such as atoms, but does not have rational thinking.For example, medieval Europeans believed that light, heavy, dry, and wet are basic physical properties.Dry and light It is fire, dry and heavy is soil, wet and light is air, and wet and heavy is water.Therefore, any substance is the result of the synthesis of four basic elements: water, fire, soil, and air in different proportions.This is obviously different from the current concept of knowing the world, and the understanding of the nature of matter in other civilizations in the same period is also between mystery and reason.
What's the most likely next?
A.The starting point of modern chemical rational thinking
B.How physicists create new elements
C.The impact of classical alchemy on European civilization
D.Knowing the various concepts of elements in the world

a
Sediment benchmark refers to the actual allowable concentration of specific chemicals in the sediment that does not harm the quality of benthic organisms or overlying water bodies.It is not only a perfection of the water quality benchmark, but also the basis for evaluating sediment pollution and ecological risks.Basic elements of eco-environmental quality assessment.Research on sedimentary benchmarks abroad began in the 1980s, but a complete and unified sedimentary benchmarking system has not yet been formed.Due to the migration, transformation, and bioaccumulation of pollutants in sediments, and The complexity of the interface process still lacks key research methods.Many domestic scientists have done a lot of useful explorations, but the research is still fragmented, and no national authority has issued a lake sediment reference standard.
What does this text mean?
A.Urgent need to make up for the lack of existing sediment reference systems
B.Sediment reference is very important but the system is not studied
C.Sediment reference is an important research content of lake water environment
D.There have been many advances in related research on sediment baseline

a
The ocean is a natural extension of land areas through river basins.In marine development activities, production links such as marine fishing, maritime transportation, marine mineral development, and mariculture are jointly completed in the sea areas and watersheds; while the production links such as sea salt industry and seawater utilization are Completely completed on land.In addition, while the development of modern science and technology promotes the advancement of marine technology and the development of the marine industry, the development of marine high-tech and the emergence of new products have also promoted the advancement of land-based science and technology and the development of related industries Sea and land products have developed interactively through this technological extension.
What does this text mean?
A.Dependence of the marine economy on the spatial distribution of the basin economy
B.The development of modern technology has promoted the progress of the sea and land economy
C.Marine economy and river basin economy are industrially intertwined
D.The development of modern technology has promoted the convergence of sea and land economies

b
With the social contract, people lose their natural freedom, and their absolute right to take whatever they want; through the social contract, they get the freedom of civilization and the legal right to their own possessions.When weighing the advantages and disadvantages, if we want to avoid mistakes, we must clearly distinguish what is natural freedom and what is civilized freedom-natural freedom is controlled only by the actual power of the individual, while civilized freedom is limited by the public will Entering a civilized society, human beings have obtained moral freedom, which alone makes human beings their own masters.
Based on the above text, is the following statement correct?
A.The social contract sets the boundaries between natural freedom and civilized freedom
B.The social contract emphasizes restraint rather than complete freedom
C.People can obtain civilized freedom only if they obey the social contract
D.Social contract grants people the freedom of civilization and restricts the freedom of nature

d
Dementia is an acquired mental impairment syndrome with cognitive impairment as the core symptom.The degree of mental impairment is sufficient to interfere with social or professional functions.It is a chronic progressive disease.The scope of the impairment involves memory, behavior, personality, judgment., Attention, visual spatial skills, language, logical reasoning and many other advanced neural functions.According to statistics, dementia has become the fourth leading killer after cardiovascular disease, cancer and stroke, seriously threatening the health and life of the elderly Quality.Age is an important risk factor for Alzheimer's disease.It is generally believed that the prevalence of dementia will double for every 5 years of age in people over 60 years old.As the elderly population continues to increase, Alzheimer's will become A serious public health problem in our country.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.Alzheimer's sometimes develops suddenly
B.Incidence of dementia is related to education level
C.The basic living ability of patients with dementia can be improved
D.The number of Alzheimer's patients in China will continue to rise

c
The principle of visible light communication technology is very simple, the light represents 1, the light goes off 0, and the combination of light and off carries information.However, because the frequency of visible light is much higher than the wireless network communication signal, its linearity of propagation is very strong, slightly If there are obstacles, communication will be interrupted.Considering technological development trends and product practicality, visible light communication is not widely used in homes to replace wireless networks, but this does not mean that this technology has no practical value.This technology is not useful in broadcasting.It has exciting application prospects in public communication.Using visible light communication technology, light-emitting diode signal lights can tell the driver that there is congestion in straight ahead, and it is recommended to turn right and take another road.
Can we deduce from this text?
A.The use of visible light communication technology will make the city truly a smart city
B.At present, the core technology of visible light communication has made a huge breakthrough
C.Visible light communication technology will shine in public communication
D.Visible light communication technology will make a radical change in the home network

a
The value of love is determined by the way you are loved.Love is not given but accepted; loved is not accepted, loved is given.Without acceptance, there is no love, no matter how much you give.Many people are simply, one-sided The earth believes that love is giving, and as long as you give it with all your heart and give it without reservation, it proves that this is actually wrong.True love must be accepted, otherwise it can only be shown as a gesture of favor.If giving is love, wouldn't there be chaos in the world, or would everyone pretend to be coercive in the name of love.
What's best for the text title of this paragraph?
A.Love is accepted
B.The value of love
C.Love is loved
D.Love is acceptance

b
Researchers have long envisioned that stem cells could be used to repair or replace damaged tissues.This research field is known as regenerative medicine."Pluripotent" embryonic stem cells have high expectations from regenerative medical scientists.The so-called "pluripotent" means These stem cells can differentiate into a variety of other cell types, and current technology can already induce pluripotency in non-embryonic cells, thus bypassing the ethical controversy that arises when using embryonic cells directly.
What's the author least likely to tell next?
A.Significance of cell pluripotency research
B.Origin of the name of regenerative medicine
C.New results of cell pluripotency research
D.Ethical controversy in the field of regenerative medicine

c
Since the first permanent pacemaker was implanted in the body in 1958, manufacturers of implantable medical devices have been continuously researching ways to provide power to their products.Non-rechargeable lithium batteries are currently common and are used in heart disease In transplantation equipment for neurogenic diseases, non-rechargeable lithium batteries can generally be used for 7 to 10 years, which is already relatively "longevity." Researchers believe that unless breakthrough breakthroughs are made in the field of biological batteries, implantation -Style equipment can never really work reliably and permanently.
What does this text mean?
A.Implantable devices are currently mainly used in the medical field
B.New technologies need to be introduced in the treatment of neurogenic diseases
C.Power supply is currently the bottleneck of implantable devices
D.Broad prospects for implantable medical devices

a
In previous discussions about network speedups and price reductions, public opinion has mostly cut in from the perspective of the game between operators and consumers, focusing on the impact of low Internet speeds and high fees on public life, using the logic of service provider obligations and consumer rights.This time, it provides a new perspective, that is, low-quality, high-cost broadband services potentially prevent the process of social informatization.In the operation of the modern information society, broadband construction has the meaning of infrastructure and is a knowledge-based economy., A networked society, a digital life, and the minimum physical support of a service-oriented government.Without a high-speed, high-level broadband environment, the efficiency of information exchange will lag, the cost of technological innovation will increase, and the development and innovative type of an information society The growth of society is naturally bound.
What does this text mean?
A.Broadband construction should become the cornerstone of the information society
B.There has been a misunderstanding in the previous discussions about network speed and price reduction
C.The service quality of network operators should be at the forefront of the service industry
D.The improvement of information exchange efficiency depends on the improvement of the broadband environment

c
For a long time, the government's handling of public affairs has been in a relatively monopoly state.As social transformation has intensified, social governance has faced more and more challenges, and the government has been unable and unnecessary to deal with many complicated social affairs.Appeared, it is urgent to clarify the relationship between the government and the society.The society can handle it and hand it over to the society.The government only performs macro-control and supervision, which must be completed by the government itself.Services help to strip off part of the government's functions, expand the space for social self-service, enable the society to conduct self-management and self-service, and ultimately promote the improvement of the overall efficiency of society.
What does this passage mean?
A.Government's monopoly on public affairs hinders social efficiency
B.Social transformation weakens the role of government in handling public affairs
C.The transformation of government functions to services is an inherent requirement of social transformation
D.Purchasing public services is the primary way for governments to improve efficiency in the future

a
Both directors and producers are very complicated types of work, and the accumulation of experience is very important.If they have not experienced the frustration of the set, there will be problems with their ability to perform on the scene.Therefore, in some countries where the film industry is mature, newcomers from After graduating from school, you must first be an apprentice in a studio, start writing a script, and then go through associate directors, executive directors, and other links.After you have mastered all aspects of skills, you will eventually grow into a qualified director.You Zejian ".
Which of the following words best summarizes the truth contained in this text?
A.The knowledge and doctrine obtained from the book is very simple in the end.To truly understand the doctrine in the book, you must verify it yourself.
B.Hard work can improve work
C.Genius is 1% talent plus 99% effort
D.Soldiers who do not want to be generals are not good soldiers

c
When discussing the differences and pros and cons of science and religion as cognitive methods, it is often true that the notion that science is not omnipotent and science can go wrong is also true.But in that discussion, no one claimed that " In the case that science is always correct ", actively inserting this view, but obviously using the fact that" all cognitive methods are imperfect "to deliberately confuse different cognitive methods.This is extremely misleading.
According to this text, what does the author want to say?
A.Do not deviate from the topic in discussions on cognitive styles
B.No cognitive method will be perfect
C.The idea that "science can go wrong" is sometimes confused
D.There are no advantages or disadvantages between the two cognitive methods of science and religion

b
With the implementation of the debt replacement plan, the risk of local debts being unable to be paid due has basically disappeared, and rigid payment has been ensured again.However, there are still many technical issues to be resolved in order to truly standardize local debt management, the most prominent of which is the local government.Credit rating issues.Credit ratings are the basis of bond pricing.They are directly related to the issuer's financing costs, but because the credit rating standards are not clear, the government credit ratings of developed regions in the east and the less developed regions of the west are the same.Local government credit and national credit ratings Similarly, even local debt rates are lower than the national debt rate, which is obviously unreasonable in theory, and it does not reflect the requirement of "the market plays a decisive role in the allocation of resources".
What does this passage mean?
A.Local debt management risks still need attention
B.Local government credit rating system needs to be improved
C.The determination of debt interest rates should be in line with market rules
D.Geographical differences should be considered when addressing local debt issues

a
In modern military, the status of strategic deterrence is becoming more and more important.The strength of strategic deterrence is composed of two parts: the standing army and the reserve force.To ensure the normal operation and development of these two forces, in addition to the mobilization of the national economy, an intangible thing is needed.With the support of forces, this is exactly the strategic task undertaken by the press and public opinion war in the information war.Because without the media's propaganda, others will not be able to fully feel your "power" and its deterrent effect will be greatly reduced.From the Gulf From the war to the Iraq war, the United States used the media to wield a "deterrent stick".Before the war, it launched a large-scale public opinion offensive and caused the other party to lose a game.It can be seen that through public opinion wars, we can seize the right to speak and preempt the enemy to form a confrontation A favorable war environment can help achieve strategic goals.
What does this text mean?
A.Journalism is critical to strategic deterrence
B.Public opinion war has become an important means to win the information war
C.Mass public opinion offensive becomes outpost of modern war
D.Media propaganda is the link between standing forces and reserve forces

c
We have witnessed that the future science and technology in those science fiction novels that existed only in the imagination were realized one by one and changed the real world.Maybe one day, science fiction will stop thinking about and simulate the actual role of technology, and focus all its attention On the subject of the narrator, human destiny and even the fate of the universe, we still want to thank them for helping us imagine the future world.But, I hope that there will always be someone who asks as heartily as Jules Verne more than a hundred years ago : Is it really impossible for people to travel around the earth in less time?
According to this text, the author wants science fiction?
A.Imagine as much as possible the impact of technological development on humans
B.Pay more attention to the development of the science fiction storyline itself
C.Ability to continue to inspire and inspire future technological innovation
D.Efforts should be made to explore the specific performance of future technology applications

d
Literature entered the Internet and gained a brand-new open perspective for civilians.The free, compatible and shared virtual space on the Internet broke the monopoly of literary discourse power of elite writing, and provided "everyone who is willing to create online." The opportunity to be a writer ".This" new folk literature "marks the return of literary discourse to the folk.Nevertheless, online writing cannot be compared with" people's writing "because the" people's writing "of literature does not depend on the media The publicity and the breadth of participation depend on the humanistic value orientation of this literature and the aesthetic character that is popular with the general public.
What does this text say?
A.Popularization is the trend of future literature development
B.Literary creation should adhere to the value orientation of human nature
C.Internet writing provides equal voice as ordinary people
D.Civilian internet literature cannot be equated with "people's writing"

a
To determine whether the formation of a ring crater or ring structure is related to the impact of a meteorite, the key is to find out whether the rock of the pit has been subjected to the shock wave accompanied by the strong impact of the meteorite.Under the action of the strong shock wave, the target rock will undergo shock metamorphism.About the meteorite impact In the identification of pits, the international scientific community has identified three diagnostic indicators for shock metamorphism: mineral shattered sheeting, mineral shattered glass, and high-pressure polymorphic transformation of shattered minerals.In nature, in addition to extraterrestrial objects caused by high-speed impacts Except for the shock wave, no other natural process or geological effect can trigger such physical changes in the geological body.If one of the above three indicators can be found in the surface ring geological structure, it can be determined that a meteorite impact has occurred in the area.event.
According to this text, for a circular pit or circular structure?
A.It can be judged that the meteorite impacted the formation when the minerals changed the glass.
B.Its formation often proves that it has been subjected to strong shock waves
C.Three diagnostic indicators of shock deterioration usually do not appear at the same time
D.Strong earthquakes may trigger high-pressure polymorphic transformations of shattered minerals

b
Throughout the world, a new era of waste treatment is coming.Not long ago, Russian scientists have been able to use plasma technology to deal with harmful gases generated during the waste incineration process and harmless the "sludge muddy water" produced by urban life, making it Turned into humic acid fertilizer.German scientists created the "wind sorting technology", which made the world see a broad future of waste disposal.This technology ended the manual sorting of waste, allowing wind to replace people with plastic and glass in waste.Sorting paper, etc., has raised the waste treatment process to an unprecedented new stage.
What's best for this text title?
A.Waste: misplaced resources
B.Technology: The Key to Waste Management
C.Wind: The "robot" in the new era
D.Harmlessness: the future of waste disposal

c
Psychologists have found that people's understanding of the world is driven by two basic needs: first, there is a "consistency need" in our understanding of the world, and we hope that the world's movements conform to our beliefs, ideas, attitudes, experiences and expectations Even if reality is inconsistent with our own expectations, we must change the external evidence to make it meet our internal expectations; second, human beings need to have a sense of control in the external environment, and we do not want to be powerless in the face of reality, At a loss, we need to find some possibility that we can understand, control, describe, explain and predict.
Which of the following behaviors can be explained by the psychological findings in this article?
A.Herd mentality is easy to produce in the collective
B.Stubbornness when you know you are wrong
C.Like to use "conspiracy theory" to explain things beyond your own experience
D.Prone to boredom and trying to change in an overly familiar environment

d
In the early and middle stages of urbanization, the United States pursued a free economic theory, and the market mechanism played a major role.The federal government's weak regulatory measures led to excessive suburbanization, resulting in structural imbalances in urban development planning, the sprawl of urban sprawl, serious waste of land resources, ecological A series of issues such as environmental damage.In response to this, in the later stages of urbanization, the U.S.government gradually increased its control, strengthened urban planning and industrial planning through legislation and administrative intervention, and gradually paid attention to environmental protection, especially in the 1990s.The "smart growth" movement proposed by the U.S.government has had a profound impact on urbanization.
What does this text tell us?
A.The government must attach importance to promoting balanced development between urban and rural areas
B.Ecological environment is the first consideration in the process of urbanization
C.Urbanization and coordinated economic development can achieve results
D.The government should plan and intervene in the development of urbanization

d
With the global warming, melting ice layers, the huge energy resources contained in the North and South Pole, and the advantages of navigation channels have been fully explored, and its strategic significance has become increasingly prominent.It is estimated that only the Arctic regions have coal, oil, and natural gas reserves.It accounts for 25%, 13%, 30% of the world's potential reserves.At the same time, the strategic location of the polar region is also particularly important.Today, to win competitive advantages, not only the United States, Russia, Canada and other polar countries have formulated polar regions in accordance with their national interests.Strategy, and some non-polar countries and groups are also actively participating in polar affairs, making the situation in the polar region suddenly change.As an emerging strategic hotspot, the international struggle around the polar region, especially the Arctic region, will become increasingly complex and fierce.
What does this passage mean?
A.The active participation of big powers complicates the situation in the polar regions
B.Countries should look at polar regions from a global strategic perspective
C.The international struggle around the Arctic is about to begin
D.The polar region has become a hotspot for strategic games in countries around the world

b
Oceanologists have revealed the mystery of coral reef colors.It turns out that there are many mutations in the genes responsible for controlling pigment production in corals.The more genes are activated, the brighter and brighter the coral color is.These pigments coexist with corals and are The seaweeds that provide food have a protective effect.In places with strong sunlight, in order to prevent seaweeds from being killed by the sun, coral insects will generate more pigments and the colors of corals will be more vibrant.
What's best for this text title?
A.Defending seaweed
B.Mystery of colorful corals
C.Sun and coral
D.Dedicated coral

a
In the era when the text is not yet popular, folk stories have assumed the functions of cultivating outlook on life, morality, and ethics, and listening to stories is an important channel for people to learn traditional culture, natural knowledge, and philosophy of life.However, the rapid development of modern technology is Deeply changing people's lifestyles, and also greatly affecting people's acceptance habits and aesthetic tastes.Young people's current perception and understanding of traditional culture is more through film and television works, online novels, video games, etc.Some people are more and more unfamiliar with some classic images in traditional folk stories.Many experts and scholars said that it is urgent to salvage the "lost" folk stories.
What's the most likely next?
A.Ways to make folk stories acceptable to modern people
B.Relationship between folk tales and traditional culture
C.The younger generation's understanding of folk tales
D.The impact of modern technology on the spread of folk stories

a
The photosynthesis of plants is the most effective process for fixing solar energy on the earth.The oil and natural gas consumed by humans are actually direct or indirect products of plant photosynthesis in ancient times.The earth produces 1,730 substances each year through photosynthesis.100 billion to 220 billion tons, which contains energy equivalent to 10 to 20 times the total energy consumption in the world, but the current utilization rate is less than 3%.Photosynthesis is the best example of efficient use of solar energy, breaking the mystery of photosynthesis The mechanism will lay the foundation for establishing an "artificial photosynthesis system" and then developing clean and efficient new energy.
What does this text say?
A.Significance of cracking photosynthesis
B.The mysterious mechanism of plant photosynthesis
C.Ways to improve photosynthesis utilization
D.Relationship between solar energy and plant photosynthesis

a
Modern information network technology, microelectronics technology, and virtual technology have expanded people's horizons to a whole new field.People can not only rely on computer technology to build a combat laboratory, integrate historical experience and predictions into the future, and integrate The combination of computer automatic reasoning and expert experience guidance can also create a realistic combat environment by synthesizing dynamic artificial simulation battlefields, opening up new channels and broad spaces for strategic theoretical research.Many countries have based this and proposed new operational principles.And theory, and based on this, the national security strategy of the country has been formed, thereby realizing the transition of national security planning from empirical decision-making to scientific decision-making.
What does this passage mean?
A.Modern technology helps scientifically formulate national security strategies
B.The development of modern information network technology has revolutionized the way of war
C.National security planning is changing from empirical to scientific decision-making
D.Operational principles and theories depend on the innovation and development of science and technology

b
When showing off tourism became a purpose, it was expected that they would crowd together to famous attractions.In fact, tourism as a modern lifestyle can have diversified functions.If it is for education, you can take children to see the famous mountains and rivers , The ruins of the ancient city, to help them understand the country's history and cultural traditions; if it is for relaxation, you can go to the seaside, deep mountains, or choose a farmhouse in the suburbs nearby, and you can escape the hustle and bustle of the earth for a short time.Facing the purpose of tourism, look for The right place for vacation is the healthy concept of tourism, so that you can better enjoy the joy of tourism.The transformation and upgrading of the concept of tourism, the differentiation of the tourism market, the phenomenon of overcrowding may disappear, and the happiness in travel will also be more mellow.
According to this text, what does “transformation and upgrading” of the tourism concept mean?
A.Achieving diverse functions
B.Rationally face the purpose of tourism
C.Give practical meaning to tourism
D.Enjoy the joy of travel

d
The survey shows that the biggest difficulty in youth entrepreneurship is funding.64.2% of people believe that lack of sufficient funds is the main difficulty.Many people are unwilling to borrow or raise funds despite lack of funds, which reflects that many entrepreneurs are starting a business.There is a conservative mentality in the process.Another prominent difficulty is the excessive competition of peers, accounting for 26.9%.During the survey, it was found that the field of youth entrepreneurship is more concentrated, such as the college student group is more inclined to e-commerce, computer technology support, etc.Young farmers are more willing to engage in the planting and breeding industries that they are more familiar with.This kind of homogeneous entrepreneurship will inevitably lead to excessive competition while forming a scale effect.
The following statement is consistent with the original?
A.Insufficient funding is a major factor in the failure of youth entrepreneurship
B.Inadequate financial services support for young entrepreneurs
C.Homogeneous entrepreneurship reflects the conservative mindset of entrepreneurs
D.The field of youth entrepreneurship is concentrated in certain fixed industries

c
The setting of university majors should be the result of multiple considerations by universities, governments, markets, and society.Overemphasis on certain aspects will inevitably lead to imbalances.To achieve relative reasonableness and balance, it is necessary to provide a platform on the system, such as ensuring universities When setting up a major, it has been collectively demonstrated by specialized institutions such as professors' committees or academic committees.The education department should also promote and respect the governance model of modern universities, give professional organizations more autonomy in professional settings, and eliminate unreasonable institutional factors.Afterwards, when society evaluates the majors of colleges and universities, can it be possible to treat the employment status of different majors with a rational and peaceful mindset, instead of equating the red card of the employment rate with "professional badness".
What does this passage mean?
A.Education authorities should give universities more autonomy
B.Institutional construction is the foundation to ensure the rationality of professional evaluation
C.Colleges and universities should consider multiple factors
D.Employment rate is not the only criterion for evaluating the quality of a major

c
The food industry is a people's livelihood industry that is related to the immediate needs of the people and a harmonious and stable economy and society.However, at present, China's food supply system as a whole has a surplus of low- and mid-end products, and a serious shortage of high-end and personalized product supply.Foreign products are becoming more and more dependent.Especially under the current economic new normal of speed shifting, structural adjustment, and power conversion, in-depth promotion of the supply-side reform of the food industry is an inevitable choice for achieving healthy and long-term development of the food industry.Food Standards It is not only an important part of the national food safety governance system, but also a main vane to guide the quality of food production.Therefore, the key to deepening the supply-side structural reform of the food industry is to build a set of advanced food industry standards.
What's the most likely next in this paragraph?
A.Main problems existing in the domestic food industry
B.Lessons learned from foreign food industry standards
C.Issues to focus on in building food industry standards
D.Specific measures to deepen the supply-side reform of the food industry

a
The change of Nanjing's name in history is rooted in the likes and dislikes of the rulers.It is not only Nanjing that has also caused the change of other place names.After Song Tingping set up the Fang La uprising, he hated Jiangnan people for rebellion and the highest artistic accomplishment.The emperor Song Huizong then wrote on the place names: In the two active areas of Fang La, Luzhou was changed to Huizhou, and the original meaning of the "hui" was "bundled and bound"; Muzhou was changed to Yanzhou, which is even more self-explanatory.In contrast, in order to avoid the taboo of the country, Zhu Yuanzhang took the meaning of "Hai Ding Ze Boning" and changed Mingzhou to Ningbo, which was already "friendly".
This text mainly introduces?
A.Political factors behind the change of place names
B.Impact of historical events on place names
C.Place preferences of ancient emperors
D.Likes and dislikes of the ruler in certain areas

b
Although China's disaster relief capacity has improved greatly after many large-scale natural disasters, disaster prevention education is still lagging behind.The China Poverty Alleviation Foundation conducted a survey of the Chinese public's disaster prevention awareness in 2015, and the results showed that only 24.3% of urban residents expressed concern about disaster response knowledge, and this data was only 11% in rural areas.In addition, less than 4% of urban residents made basic disaster preparedness in daily life, and more than half of rural residents I have never participated in any disaster prevention training.The useless disaster prevention education can not improve the self-rescue ability of the people.After the disaster occurs, the organization and learning begin, and the lost lives are irretrievable.
What does this text mean?
A.Disaster prevention education is more important than disaster relief
B.China's disaster prevention education needs urgent strengthening
C.Disaster prevention education is the foundation for improving self-rescue capabilities
D.Serious imbalances between urban and rural areas in disaster prevention education

b
In the wave of the new industrial revolution, many big manufacturing nations are betting on smart manufacturing.China is both a big manufacturing country and a big country.If the data is a raw material that creates value in the era of Industry 4.0, China is undoubtedly the country with the most resources.But the data will not Creating value directly is like cash flow rather than fixed assets determining the rise and fall of an enterprise.What truly brings value to an enterprise is data flow, which is data that flows to all links of the decision-making chain in time after real-time analysis and becomes user-oriented.The content and basis of creating value and services.Although Germany is the initiator of Industry 4.0, as a provider of controllers, Internet of Things technology and production equipment, Germany is only a supplier of basic technology, but the value-creating end directly facing customers is China.
What does this passage mean?
A.China faces new opportunities in the wave of the new industrial revolution
B.China should fully tap the potential value of data resources
C.Data resource owners have an advantage in smart manufacturing
D.Data flow is the key for enterprises to lead in the era of Industry 4.0

c
Since offshore oil drilling platforms, submarines and other super large cargoes have appeared one after another, semi-submersible ships have gradually found their place of use.Semi-submersible ships can use both unique sinking and floating methods and ro-ro with the help of terminal facilities.Various methods such as skid-mounting and hoisting have strong flexibility and convenience.In addition, most of the semi-submersible ships have self-propelled ability and the speed can reach more than 15 knots, which can greatly shorten the transportation cycle of important equipment.At the same time, due to its own With less equipment and less fuel consumption, the semi-submersible ship can reach tens of thousands of kilometers.More importantly, the semi-submersible ship sails in the water through the semi-submersible method, the draft is deep, and the deck is often consistent with the water surface, thus resisting high winds Is extremely stable.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.Semi-submersible vessels can only load cargo by sinking and floating
B.The main disadvantage of semi-submersibles is the relatively slow speed
C.The semi-submersible ship is more stable due to the deeper draught when sailing
D.Semi-submersibles only appeared after the emergence of very large cargo

a
National cultural traditions and historical cultural information are recorded in historical classics in large quantities.In addition to classics, there are various historical relics that have been passed down from generation to generation as a carrier of historical culture.This is what traditional villages do.A historical and cultural carrier, compared with classic documents and cultural relics, the historical information about the Chinese nation's culture that it carries is more active, and it is "empirical evidence" of the development history of the Chinese nation's civilization.It can reflect the truth more than words and cultural relics.The Chinese nation's different regions, different ethnic groups' production and lifestyle, moral ethics, and ethnic customs.Therefore, we have every reason to attach importance to traditional villages and protect them.
What does this passage mean?
A.The protection of traditional villages is of great significance to the protection of national history and culture
B.Various methods and channels should be adopted to protect the history and culture of the nation
C.Traditional villages are important carriers and realistic manifestations of Chinese history and culture
D.Traditional village culture can show history more vividly than classic literature

d
As the functions of smartphones continue to increase, the limited battery life of mobile phones can no longer meet the needs of standby, and Charging Po is logically becoming a high-frequency application.While shared charging has low entry barriers and easy offline layout, as long as you grasp the "flow" and "Just needed", shared charging is almost a profitable business.With the finalization of the standard, the 5G era may come in 2019 ~ 2020.Entering the 5G era, video content, video calls, live video, high-definition networks Games, etc.will test the battery life of mobile phones, and mature shared charging scenarios may eliminate this concern.
This text mainly introduces shared charging?
A.Profit model
B.Application scenarios
C.Sales strategy
D.Market prospects

a
The objects of natural resource accounting are mainly minerals, forests, arable land and water resources.Forestry developed countries such as Norway and Canada will pay more attention to the accounting of forest resources.China mainly emphasizes the accounting of forests, arable land and water resources.This is Because mineral and fossil energy are important, but their marketization is also very high.However, the nature of forests, arable land and water resources is completely different.The "products" they provide to humans, such as food, wood and aquatic products, are just their contributions Part of the ecological services it provides is more important, such as carrying ecosystems and maintaining biodiversity.All these ecological services cannot be imported.
This text mainly explains?
A.Why does China choose specific natural resources as the main accounting target?
B.Correct selection of natural resource accounting is important for the construction of ecological civilization
C.Different countries have different preferences for natural resource accounting targets
D.Minerals and fossil energy are different in nature from other resources

b
The construction of rural communities is still in the exploratory stage."Village to housing" is a concrete manifestation of the development of urbanization, and it is also an inevitable requirement for public services to extend to rural communities and allow farmers to share the fruits of reform and development.For a long time, the dual structure of urban and rural areas has led to cities The development of rural areas is lagging behind, the development of rural areas is lagging behind, and the capacity of public services is weak.In the tide of urbanization, "village conversion" is to break the institutional barrier between urban and rural divisions, so that farmers can enjoy the same conditions as urban people.Social security and public services.The level of economic development varies from place to place, and farmers have different requirements for public services.This determines the path of "village to housing", the types of public services provided, and the level of security of rural communities.Village to village."
What does this passage mean?
A."Village conversion" is a useful exploration of rural community construction
B.The key to the smooth progress of "village conversion" is to adapt to local conditions
C.Urban and rural shared public services are a key step in rural development
D.Breaking the urban-rural dual boundary can promote the development of urbanization

b
Stealth fighters currently rely on the shape design and material surface coating to reduce their detectability and achieve radar stealth.However, due to the existing technology and material levels and the difficulty of fighter manufacturing, maneuverability, cost and follow-up costs, and ease of maintenance and guarantee Due to many restrictions, the stealth fighter has to make a certain balance in the above aspects, so it is generally impossible to achieve the so-called full stealth of all-round and full electromagnetic bands, especially when it is performing special tasks, carrying or mounting non-stealth exposed outside the aircraft.In stealth configuration, the stealth ability drops a lot.
What does this text mean?
A.Introduce the plight of making stealth fighters
B.Analysis of design flaws of stealth fighter
C.Exploring the technical difficulties of stealth fighters
D.Explain the stealth principle of stealth fighter

c
Interference bias is an effective means to counteract the attack of precision-guided weapons.The key to the precision threat of precision-guided weapons is to be able to directly attack the key points.The premise of high-precision strike is that the missile-borne guidance mechanism must accurately lock the target and receive guidance correction signals in real time If the guidance signal is suppressed or interfered with, or the correction information is inaccurate, the guided weapon will not be able to accurately hit the target, which will greatly reduce its power.If the traditional camouflage protection technology uses "easy tolerance" to hide the target and interfere with the biased protection technology It is to put an "frosted mirror" on the incoming missile so that it cannot be seen clearly, and the sighting is not accurate, so that the guidance mechanism deviates from the target in the wrong direction, and this technology is more protective of important position targets that cannot be turned underground.Practical value.
According to this text, "disturbance bias" can be most accurately summarized as?
A."Smoke bomb" camouflage protection technology
B."Tracker" for Missile Guidance Signals
C."Mishun San" of precision guided weapons
D."Umbrella" for ground targets

a
At present, many domestic express delivery companies are beginning to try to expand the drone delivery business, which can both relieve ground traffic congestion and improve the operational efficiency of express delivery companies.However, since the application of drone technology, security accidents have occurred repeatedly.The large-scale application of man-machine in the express delivery industry may also have a great impact on the air traffic control order.Especially the drone technology that introduces artificial intelligence gradually gets rid of manual intervention, and will continue to accumulate with the "experience".Optimize your flight route.Once the implementation of its supervision is not in place, it will most likely have unpredictable consequences.In this regard, we should take practical and effective measures to maximize the advantages of artificial intelligence in the field of drones and prevent their possible Social harm caused.
What does this text mean?
A.Widespread application of drones requires joint efforts of technology and supervision
B.Drone technology introduced with artificial intelligence has greater potential risks
C.The time for courier companies to introduce drone business is immature
D.The development of artificial intelligence requires more consideration of its security risks

b
After the exposure of dyed foods, many people said that they could not understand: Food coloring is only to change the color, and only has a "pleasing effect".Why must we dye it? This is not the case.The color of food will change people's taste experience of food, and then affect the choice of food.There is an area in modern food technology that specifically studies how various properties of food affect people's perception of food.Ingredients and Foods processed in exactly the same way, just the different colors used, will cause people to evaluate them significantly differently, and will also affect people's choice of food.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.Food additives you don't know
B.The psychology behind food coloring
C.What factors affect food taste
D.Dyeing technology in modern food production

d
In the middle of the 21st century, China will become a powerful country in science and technology, and the construction of science and culture will play a very important role in this historical process.In this regard, we need to strengthen cultural self-confidence.Cultural self-confidence is not only reflected in recognition of past cultural contributions and values In addition, it is more manifested in the confidence and determination to integrate various high-quality cultural resources and create a new culture.Although it is necessary to fully explore and inherit the scientific factors in China's traditional culture, it is necessary to fully understand the contribution to scientific development in our history.However, it is even more necessary to think about how to make new achievements that have made important contributions to the world in future scientific development and scientific and cultural construction.This should be a more important aspect of enhancing cultural self-confidence.
The text mainly says:
A.Cultural self-confidence is manifested in the integration and innovation of cultural resources
B.Scientific and cultural development is the core of building a strong country with science and technology
C.Criteria for judging the contribution of Chinese scientific development to the world
D.Ways to Enhance Cultural Confidence in the Construction of Science and Culture

a
In the process of performing underwater tasks, divers generally use signal ropes as the main communication tool, that is, by pulling and shaking the signal ropes to form a series of signals to achieve simple communication on land.This communication method is convenient and direct, but its The disadvantages are also obvious: the signal rope can only achieve the expression of a limited amount of information, and the signal transmission process is extremely vulnerable to the interruption or failure of the complex seawater environment, which brings security risks.In 2015, divers' signal ropes were entangled.It is almost an accident.It can be said that when performing underwater tasks, divers are truly a lifeline.In view of the many shortcomings of signal ropes, combined with the rapid development of smart wearable devices in the civilian field, intelligence for military diving Wearable products have gradually become one of the hot spots for research and development of science and technology workers.
The most likely next paragraph of this text is:
A.Key technologies for smart wearables in military diving
B.Defects of signal ropes in transmitting information in the military field
C.Development status of smart wearable devices in daily life
D.Prospects for the introduction of artificial intelligence technology into wearable devices

d
Terahertz waves have unique properties not found in microwave and infrared radiation.Terahertz waves have “unique skills” such as high frequency, short wavelength, and low transmission loss in dense smoke, sand and other environments.You can “see through” the wall at a glance and then Scanning the interior of a house is an ideal technique for imaging enemy hunting in a complex battlefield environment.Although terahertz waves are susceptible to various climatic conditions and the transmission distance is limited when transmitting in the atmosphere, in some special cases, this " The "short board" has just become another technical "specialty" for terahertz communication.For example, when encountering atmospheric attenuation, the terahertz wave signal cannot be transmitted to the enemy's radio monitoring mechanism, so it can achieve covert short-range communication.
The text does not mention terahertz waves:
A.Physical properties
B.Special advantages
C.Application scenarios
D.Discovery process

b
Since the international financial crisis, countries have paid more attention to the goal of full employment.Generally speaking, products imported from abroad will compete with products produced by the country.Once domestic products are replaced by imported products, domestic workers engaged in the production of that product will Unemployment is the root cause of trade friction.By vigorously developing foreign direct investment, it can play a role in replacing foreign trade.Encouraging Chinese companies to transfer production activities to trading partner countries with lower labor costs can replace the target.The export of the country will increase the employment of the target country; on the other hand, foreign-invested enterprises that produce locally and sell locally can still obtain export profits, reduce the surplus from their own countries, and avoid trade frictions.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Chinese enterprises' foreign direct investment will gradually increase
B.Foreign direct investment is conducive to easing international trade frictions
C.The financial crisis may affect the achievement of full employment goals
D.Employment protection is the root cause of international trade friction

a
Over the past 100 years, the debate about whether Darwin's evolution is correct has never stopped.The emerging scientific facts, while making up for the "missing link" that Darwin had not discovered in the past, are also testing the predictive ability of Darwin's evolution.The "Tiktarik" fossil found in Canada reveals the transition from fish (fins) to terrestrial animals (legs) and is considered to be an excellent example of the "germline gradualism".Of course, Darwin Evolution is not perfect, and it does have a "falsifiable" place.Taking natural selection theory as an example, it was strongly challenged when Mendelian genetics was established, but various new ones that cannot be explained simply by natural selection theory The evidence ultimately expanded people's understanding of evolutionary dynamics and mechanisms, rather than abandoning the theory.
This text takes the example of natural selection theory being challenged by Mendelian genetics, with the purpose of:
A.Demonstrating the falsifiability of Darwin's theory of evolution
B.Demonstrating the predictive power of Darwin's theory of evolution
C.Evidence of the fact that "the theory of germline evolution"
D.Deepening people's understanding of biological evolutionary mechanisms

b
The Earth's glaciers are reportedly in a rapid melting phase.However, some scientists believe that in ancient times, the earth fell into a deep frozen state called "snowball earth", when the ice cap almost completely covered the entire earth.However, the earth appeared The number of deep freezes, the extent of extension, and the speed at which the earth turns into a snowball have been unsolved.At present, scientists have analyzed the latest rock sequences discovered in Ethiopia, and the results show that the "snowball earth" was only This discovery supports the theoretical model of snowball glaciers, which suggests that once the ice extends to 30 degrees of Earth's latitude, rapid global glaciation occurs.
Which of the following can we learn from this text?
A.Causes of rapid glacial action
B.Formation speed of "Snowball Earth"
C.Number of deep freezes on Earth
D.Specific age of "Snowball Earth"

c
The global overuse or abuse of antibiotics has led to drug-resistant microorganisms becoming the enemies of the traditional antibiotic industry.Seeking a solution to this dilemma is the focus of R & D for global antibiotic scientists and will also determine the focus and direction of the future development of the pharmaceutical industry.As a new type of antibiotic, bacteriocin has a new bactericidal mechanism.By forming a lethal ion channel on the cell membrane of bacteria, the content of bacteria is leaked and the energy is exhausted, thereby killing the bacteria.Anyone with a lipid bimolecular biofilm Microorganisms cannot escape this kind of killing.Information bacteriocin has the advantages of safety, strong bactericidal effect, and resistance to drug resistance, and the bactericidal efficiency is hundreds or even tens of times that of current conventional antibiotics.
According to this text, the following statements are true:
A.Information bacteria have similar bactericidal mechanism to conventional antibiotics
B.Traditional antibiotics have difficulty penetrating lipid bimolecular biofilms
C.Informin is lethal to certain microorganisms
D.Excessive use of bacteriocin can cause resistance issues

a
Basic mathematics is a discipline that has extremely high requirements for talent, and its high abstraction makes people who do not have such talent daunting.In a sense, it can be said that mathematics chose its followers, not the other way around.Mathematics is a subject that is completely dependent on the purest brain function of human beings for exploration.This makes first-class mathematical research between learning and artistic creation, and always makes a breakthrough at the moment of "inspiration." Therefore, mathematicians In fact, it is an extremely risky profession, and its achievements are almost entirely dependent on the occasional care of talent and inspiration.On the other hand, for people with mathematical abilities, modern society is full of the temptation of opportunity, finance, computers, the Internet, all are An industry that makes more money than mathematical research.
The text is intended to:
A.Explaining what mathematicians can't find
B.Explain the significance of talent for mathematical research
C.Exploring the Essential Law of Basic Mathematical Research
D.Emphasize the dilemma faced by the development of basic mathematics

d
"Poverty alleviation" is not only a policy vocabulary, but also a category of cultural sociology.In recent years, rural investigations and rural reports have consistently reflected a law-physical poverty and cultural backwardness are two sides of the same coin.Therefore, in evaluating poverty alleviation work results, in addition to using per capita net income, disposable income and other digital standards, depending on housing security, basic medical care and other survival guarantees, we should also take a "human ruler" and measure the results.Many experiences have shown that the development opportunities of a certain region do not necessarily depend on the natural endowment of the place, but must be closely related to the value orientation and survival philosophy of the population.Make the results of poverty alleviation more durable.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.The task of local cultural construction in poor areas is arduous
B.Rural culture construction should be based on the principle of sustainable development
C.The ultimate goal of poverty alleviation is to achieve lifestyle changes
D.Mental poverty alleviation should be an indicator of poverty alleviation

b
Environmentalism is a belief and a strong desire to rebuild the relationship between man and nature.To realize this desire, it is necessary to establish a sense of natural community, that is, to change the role of human conquerors in the community into this Ordinary member of the community.It implies respect for each member, as well as respect for the community itself.Only with such a sense of morality can one be able to exercise his rights in the community.I feel that I have an obligation to this community, which depends not only on the scientific understanding of the nature of nature, but also on the feelings for nature built on the basis of understanding.
"This" in the last sentence of this text refers to:
A.Love for nature
B.Establishment of a sense of natural community
C.Desire to rebuild the relationship between man and nature
D.Obligations to the natural community

a
As one of the top five museums in the world after 600 years of storms and an annual passenger flow of 16 million, the Forbidden City also encountered embarrassment before the public, but now it can turn around gorgeously, and master the beauty of things on the Internet, taking into account the facts of the strategy.The "right way to open" traditional culture has realized the enrichment and reconstruction of traditional culture.The Forbidden City is no longer just the 720,000 square meter royal courtyard on the central axis of Beijing.It is in the cloud, in the digital museum, and in creative supplies.More importantly, it has entered the homes of ordinary people.From royal collections to state ownership, to multi-level, multi-channel social sharing, in the presence of the cultural relics of the Forbidden City, the relationship between people and things has become clear.Evolution has long ceased to be the world's most precious treasure and belongs to the emperor's family, but it is closer to the concept of shared sharing.
According to this text, the "right way to open" in traditional culture refers to:
A.Close liaison with the public
B.Broadening the channels of traditional culture promotion
C.New interpretation of tradition
D.Using the Internet to Realize Cultural Relic Sharing

a
The huge labor supply has supported the rapid development of the economy since the reform and opening up and formed a demographic dividend.However, the size of the population does not necessarily translate into a demographic dividend and requires basic cultural quality support.Since the reform and opening up, China has made basic education work important.Position, enacted laws and regulations such as the compulsory education law, and continuously increased investment in related fields, thereby ensuring the improvement of the quality of the labor force.In recent years, with the continuous improvement of the aging level, the labor force has shown signs of shrinking in size.To achieve sustainable economic development under the conditions of labor supply, it is necessary to implement the quality construction project for employees, promote the construction of a large army of knowledge-based, technology-based and innovative laborers, and promote the transition from demographic dividend to talent dividend.
The text mainly says:
A.The current situation raises new requirements for improving the quality of the population
B.Education is the key to achieving sustainable economic development today
C.Current economic development needs to unlock demographic dividend
D.Improving the quality of the labor force needs to strengthen basic education

a
The western Pacific is the most concentrated sea area in the world, but humans have very limited knowledge of the seamounts here.The Mariana Trench in the western Pacific is a plate subduction zone, and the geological movement on the sea floor is very active.The material composition and genesis of seamount volcanic rocks are Issues of interest to marine geoscientists; warm pools in the western Pacific and northern equatorial currents, which have important impacts on China's climate, are the key areas of interest for physical marine scientists; there is also a large coral reef triangle in the world, A hot area for the study of the origin and evolution of marine life.Therefore, marine scientists can carry out multidisciplinary collaborative exploration and research on the hydrophysical, chemical, and biogenic elements, topography and geological environment, and biological ecology of seamounts.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Important Value of Scientific Research in the Western Pacific
B.People's understanding of the Western Pacific Seamount System
C.Marine resources in the Western Pacific
D.Impact of the Western Pacific on China's climate and geology

c
Exchanges and mutual learning are a sign of human social progress and a yardstick for the development of civilization.From the ancient Silk Road, the Tea Road, and the Spice Road to the exchange of economic and trade exchanges, to the new era "Belt and Road" and "two corridors and one circle" After the development of cooperation, Asian countries have achieved mutual development, overcome challenges, and overcome difficulties and dangers.The fusion of civilizations has promoted the development of Asian countries ’productive forces, broken the original state of national retreat, and the Asian people have broadened their horizons and established friendships.In the interaction of civilizations that affect each other, communicate with each other, merge with each other, and construct each other, Oriental culture is also inclusive with Western culture, and is constantly moving towards a new stage of human progress.The ancient Greek proverb "Light from the East" It is a vivid and poetic illustration of the fusion of eastern and western civilizations.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.Cultural integration, the driving force for the development of Asian productivity
B."Belt and Road", the passage of civilization
C.Exchange and mutual learning to promote the sustainable development of human civilization
D.Tolerance and Progress

d
The world is undergoing a period of great development, great change, and great adjustment.Peace and development remain the themes of the times.World multipolarization, economic globalization, social informatization, and cultural diversification are developing in depth.The global governance system and the international order are accelerating.Increasing ties and interdependence, more balanced international power balance, and irreversible trend of peaceful development.At the same time, the world faces instability and uncertainty, insufficient economic growth momentum in the world, and the growing differentiation between the rich and the poor.Doctrine, cybersecurity, major infectious diseases, climate change and other non-traditional security threats continue to spread, and humanity faces many common challenges.
What this text says next:
A.Why do we think the current world is in an era of development and radical change?
B.China is an important force for maintaining world peace and promoting common development of the world
C.Correctly understanding and grasping the theme of the times is the basis for countries to formulate policies
D.People should work together to address the risks and challenges we face

a
On the battlefield, human-robot collaboration has been replaced by artificial intelligence, at least for the time being, it is difficult to happen in a short time.The problems that artificial intelligence can solve are limited.Replacement will first occur in some areas, but it still cannot be separated from human-robot collaboration.The main means of implementing artificial intelligence is machine learning, and deep learning is a way to achieve machine learning.Although deep learning has achieved very good results in many fields, it involves creativity on the battlefield and cannot give a clear definition and boundaries.Machines may be powerless for tasks lacking digital knowledge and experience.So for some time to come, machines will play an auxiliary role in the field of operations, and the final decision will still be inseparable from humans.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Human-robot collaboration will still play an important role on the battlefield
B.The learning ability of artificial intelligence needs to be further improved
C.The battlefield environment places higher demands on machine learning
D.Artificial intelligence is not yet able to adapt to complex battlefield needs

d
In ground equipment, lithium ion batteries are mainly used in military unmanned ground vehicles, robots, hybrid electric combat vehicles, etc.For ground combat vehicles that use hybrid electric power, using lithium ion batteries as a power source can not only reduce fuel consumption, Reducing the logistics burden can also improve the motive power and survivability of tactical vehicles.At present, the multinational army has increased the research and development of lithium-ion battery modules for hybrid electric-driven chariots, unmanned ground vehicles, and ground robots.However, for large-scale For ground equipment, the weak power of lithium-ion batteries is the main factor restricting its further application.Therefore, it is necessary to continue to develop high specific power, low-cost lithium-ion batteries to meet the mission requirements of ground equipment.
According to this text, lithium-ion batteries:
A.There are deficiencies in the application of large equipment
B.Broad applicability in military applications
C.vigorously developed as a new type of battery by various countries
D.Is the development direction of future battlefield power sources

c
"Kite Continuous Line" is an art concept put forward by Wu Guanzhong around the 1980s and has had an important impact on the history of Chinese contemporary art.It seems that this is an internal connection between "formal beauty" and "abstract beauty" To elaborate, in fact, it emphasizes that no matter how creative an artistic creation is, no matter how self-flying, you cannot stay away from real life.In Wu Guanzhong's view, abstract painting is like flying a kite.A kite is a work.Feelings, the author is abstracted into a certain art form using subtraction, division or other methods, and the audience is the sky.In order for the kite to fly to the sky, the artist must “have a line to connect the source of the work and life”.Only with "Kite Continuous Line" can art have a foundation and can maintain communication with the audience.
The following points are consistent with the "Kite Continuous Line" philosophy:
A.Art comes from life and is higher than life
B.The primary purpose of art is to reproduce reality
C.Art creation should be based on life
D.Art loses soil without people

d
The food and drug safety traceability system is a system that relies on modern information technology to issue early warnings of potential food and drug safety hazards.It is widely used in some countries because it can reduce the cost of information acquisition by regulatory authorities and improve regulatory efficiency.On the other hand, it can also force enterprises to increase their safety awareness and proactively carry out risk control.This system has been introduced to China for many years and is reflected in relevant laws and regulations and action plans.However, in practice, regional division, departmental division and other issues It is still relatively prominent.Efficient local linkages have not been formed, and the joint efforts of departments have lacked the overall effect on solving food and drug safety issues.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.China's food and drug safety traceability system still needs to be improved
B.A sound food and drug safety traceability system has important value
C.Relevant departments should strengthen supervision of food and drug safety
D.Multi-party cooperation is the key to solving food and drug safety issues

c
Navigation satellites are located at an altitude of 20,000 kilometers and can be navigated by receiving signals within the range they cover.In deep space beyond 20,000 kilometers, a new navigation system is required.Astronomers have proposed several possible navigations The most talked about system is pulsar navigation.Pulsars are a class of neutron stars whose magnetic poles can generate radio or X-ray radiation.When the rotating axis and magnetic poles do not coincide, and the rotating axis sweeps across the earth, pulses are generated Some of these pulsars have very good rotational stability and can be compared to the best atomic clocks on Earth, so these pulsars are also known as "atomic clocks in the universe".If they can receive their signals and know their location, then These pulsars can be used for interstellar navigation.
This text is most likely to introduce:
A.Other atomic clocks in the universe similar to pulsars
B.Some difficulties facing interstellar navigation
C.Experiments to verify the feasibility of pulsar navigation
D.Factors affecting the stability of pulsar rotation

d
Regardless of 19th-century European literature represented by Balzac, or modern Chinese literature led by Lu Xun, most of them have raised the banner of realism and shaped their typical lives.Literary creations since the new era have basically adhered to realism.The position is relatively good at exposing, the negative objective truth in the life of Echidna is completely necessary and very valuable.However, some novels lack the shaping of positive factors and positive images in life, and the appeal of positive values ​​and emotions.In fact, Realism creation uses humanitarian thought as a weapon, not only focusing on analyzing the dark side of society, but also highlighting the highlights of life; not only the accuracy and depth of criticizing the dark side of society, but also the writer's care and sympathy for the fate of the characters.
This paragraph mainly criticizes which aspects of literary creation since the new period?
A.The modeling of typical characters is too rigid and single
B.Writers lack attention to real life
C.Lack of inheritance of fine literary tradition
D.Some novels have a negative tendency

b
Washington is respected by Americans as the "founding father", and he deserves this title.He grew up in Virginia, inherited a large industry, owned many slaves, and has entered the number one of the largest growers in the south.
This passage is mainly written?
A.Life of Washington
B.Washington's birthplace and family background
C.Washington has great achievements
D.Washington is the "founding father" of the United States

b
History is composed of a series of intricate and time-continuous events, but it is human activities that determine the development of history.As a side of the entire history, the history of fiction is beyond exception.The comprehensive quality of people who are engaged in the creation of novels It determines the quality of the novel, and the overall quality of the creative community of an era naturally also determines the appearance of the novel in this era.
What's the point of this text?
A.The development of the history of fiction is influenced by the personal qualities of the creator
B.The appearance of a novel in an era is determined by the overall quality of the creative community in that era
C.Human activity determines the development of history
D.The quality of the novel depends on the overall quality of the individual creator of the novel

d
The supply and demand of medicine should not follow the maximization of profits, but should serve the maximization of social benefits.Because the cure of diseases, it is not only the citizens or individual families that benefit, but also the entire society-it restores the individual as a society.The ability to create wealth is more important to prevent disease from spreading in a wider area and thus protect more people.
Based on the text above, what are the options that are not accurate enough?
A.The healing of the disease restores the individual's ability to work
B.Cure of the disease prevents the spread of the disease in more people
C.The supply and demand of medicine cannot follow the maximization of profits, we must pay attention to medical methods
D.The biggest beneficiaries of the disease are not only individuals and families, but also society

c
After the Asian tsunami, there are reports that the local indigenous people can feel the crisis imminent in time, and they fled to higher places with wildlife to avoid the upcoming disaster.To this end, scientists are working on related research I hope to find out the reason for this behavior.
What does this passage mean?
A.A mysterious phenomenon has caught the attention of scientists
B.There is a scientific phenomenon that has attracted the attention of scientists
C.There is a specific behavior that has sparked scientists' interest in research
D.There is a specific behavior that causes a fascinating reaction from scientists

d
On the issue of war, the Japanese government has always adopted a confused attitude and has not faced history.It also claims that Japan does not have war madmen like Hitler in an attempt to exterminate a certain ethnic group like the Jews.In the face of the disaster caused by World War II, It also often emphasizes the damage suffered by Japan and seems to be the victim of World War II, especially some right-wing politicians, who ignore the strong opposition of the people of neighboring countries and repeatedly visit the Yasukuni Shrine; on the contrary, they suffer the people of the invaded country The traumatism is understatement, and no mention of confession for war crimes.
This passage shows?
A.Japanese aggressiveness is downright fascist
B.Japan persists in the road of expansion and has not yet given up on such a militaristic road, and will one day still complete its plan to conquer neighboring countries
C.Japan has turned right completely, denying and distorting history, making excuses for new expansion
D.Some politicians in the Japanese government have lost their conscience and lack good faith in friendship with neighboring countries

c
Finding intelligent creatures outside the earth has always been a tireless job for people.If "aliens" do exist, the planet they live in should have roughly the same environment as our planet.Scientists have basically reached a consensus on this, and they are working hard at Look for "Second Earth" outside the solar system, also known as terrestrial planets.
The conclusion that cannot be drawn from this text is.
A.Aliens are intelligent creatures outside the earth
B.The planet inhabited by aliens is a terrestrial planet
C.Scientists think aliens exist
D."Second Earth" may exist outside the solar system

a
China's auto industry is currently facing the dilemma of lacking complete car development capabilities and its own brand.The parts manufacturing system has not formed a corresponding scale.There is still a large gap compared with similar foreign industries.Although the auto industry has made great strides in recent years.Development, but the backward management and service system has become a "bottleneck" for China's industry after China's entry into the WTO.Therefore, we must carefully study these issues.
What do the following headings mean?
A.Major Issues in the Automotive Industry
B.How to deal with the "bottlenecks" of the automotive industry
C.WTO and China's automotive industry
D.Encouraging developments in the automotive industry

a
Since the founding of the People's Republic of China, China's higher education mechanism has changed several times, but it is basically managed by the government and directly administered.Over the past decade or so of reform and opening up, the reform of the higher education system has taken important steps and achieved great results.Overall, it still lags behind the process of economic system reform and social development.
This passage mainly supports the argument that?
A.China's higher education system needs supporting reforms to adapt to economic system reform and social development
B.Since the reform and opening up, China's higher education system reform has made great achievements
C.The original higher education system has never adapted to the needs of social development
D.Since the founding of New China, there have been many changes in China's higher education system

b
Bonsai organically integrates trees and rocks into a whole, which enhances the ornamental value of the scenery, reflecting the artistic charm of bonsai originating from nature and higher than nature, and from life and higher than life.
This shows that artistic creation must (.
A.Accumulation of injection weight
B.Use reasonable imagination
C.Raising awareness
D.Emphasis on the role of practice

c
The development of foreign-invested economy and the economy of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan within a certain range is of great significance for strengthening China's modernization.It can make up for the relative shortage of China's funds and build a number of urgently needed projects in the national economy; it can introduce advanced technology and scientific management methods to improve China's production technology and economic management level; it can increase national and local fiscal revenue and accumulate construction funds; it can also expand employment, improve people's living standards, expand exports, increase foreign exchange income, etc.
What is the central idea of ​​this passage?
A.Developing foreign investment economy and Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan investment economy within a certain range can improve people's living standards
B.Developing foreign investment economy and Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan investment economy within a certain range can increase fiscal revenue
C.Developing foreign investment economy and Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan investment economy within a certain range is of great significance for accelerating China's modernization
D.Development of foreign investment economy and Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan investment economy within a certain range can increase construction funds

d
In fact, the biggest danger of all current plastic surgery lies not in transplantation, but in anaesthesia.Ephraim Clinic emphasizes that many plastic surgery simplifies the important procedure of anaesthesia because of its convenience, and does not ask a professional anaesthetist to deal with the disease.It is quite dangerous for patients.
What is the point of this passage?
A.Many plastic surgeries are convenient and simplify the important procedure of anesthesia
B.The biggest danger of plastic surgery is not anesthesia
C.Anesthesia is likely to bring danger to plastic surgery
D.The biggest danger in plastic surgery is anesthesia

d
If the employer causes economic losses to the employer due to his or her own reasons, the employer shall demand compensation for the economic losses in accordance with the labor contract.The compensation for economic losses may be deducted from the wages of the workers themselves, but the monthly deduction may not exceed the labor 20% of the current month's wages.If the remaining wage after deduction is lower than the local monthly minimum wage, it will be paid at the minimum wage.
This passage mainly supports such a view?
A.Workers should pay unconditionally for economic losses caused to the employer
B.To avoid compensation, workers should try not to sign labor contracts with employers
C.If an employee's monthly salary is 400 yuan, a maximum of 320 yuan can be deducted
D.Even if employees cause huge losses to the employer, they should still ensure that their wages are not lower than the local minimum monthly wage standard

b
Employers attach great importance to the spirit of job-seeking students in this survey.Among them, the sense of responsibility (77.8%), professionalism (71.3%) and teamwork spirit (69.4%) are very important in employers.The index ranks among the top three.In the survey, none of the units stated that they did not pay much attention or attention to the mental state of students, including ideological and moral cultivation and subjective initiative.It can be seen that the "soft qualities" such as subjective attitude and cooperative spirit in work "Is becoming a core indicator for considering a graduate.
What is the correct understanding of this passage?
A.Employers have paid too much attention to students' mental state, including ideological and moral cultivation.
B.Graduates should strengthen the cultivation of sense of responsibility, professionalism and teamwork
C."Soft Quality" is becoming the most important indicator for considering a graduate
D.Employers pay more attention to the "soft qualities" of job applicants than the "hard qualities"

a
When any theoretical science is unforeseeable-its practical application may not be foreseen at all-Marx is pleased.But when there were discoveries that would have an immediate revolutionary impact on industry and general historical development, his Joy is extraordinary.
What's the most accurate rephrase?
A.Marx is very interested in scientific discoveries that are closely related to practice and can have a significant impact on it
B.Marx attaches great importance to every new discovery in the theoretical discipline, and therefore feels heartfelt joy at any new discovery
C.Marx attaches great importance to the revolutionary impact of his findings on industry and general historical development
D.Marx has extraordinary foresight and is therefore particularly sensitive to new discoveries in theoretical science

b
In addition to the knowledge in books, we also need to understand the importance of "common sense".Only knowledge without common sense, when talking to people, there will be a lack of easy and easy topics.With you present, the air will be tense and serious, and you will not be Popular people.The so-called common sense is all-encompassing, and everything should be paid attention to, so that you can lively and funny, talk about the source.
What does this passage mean?
A.People without common sense are worthless
B.It is difficult for people without common sense to interact with people
C.Knowledge beyond books is common sense
D.Common sense is more important than knowledge

b
The investigation report is not a purely written issue.The investigation and research work is not done well, and no good method can be used to write a good investigation report.
What does this passage say?
A.Investigation and research work is more important than writing an investigation report
B.Investigation and research is a prerequisite for writing a good investigation report
C.Investigation report is not a purely written question
D.People who do not write well in the investigation report, also do poorly in the investigation and research work

a
The simultaneous development of rural industrialization and urbanization will fundamentally solve the problem of the transfer of rural surplus labor in underdeveloped areas.The process of economic development shows that agricultural development and the accumulated funds of farmers flowing into cities have become the starting capital for the development of township enterprises.The development of enterprises has made the location superior, the size of towns with convenient transportation keeps expanding, and small cities have developed into medium cities.The acceleration of the pace of urbanization has further promoted the development of township and village enterprises.In this way, they complement each other and pave the way for rural industrialization and rural urbanization Up the road.
What is the most accurate rephrasing of this passage?
A.The simultaneous development of rural industrialization and urbanization should be adhered to
B.The accelerated pace of urbanization will promote the further development of township and village enterprises
C.Township enterprises will develop into small rural cities
D.The simultaneous development of rural industrialization and urbanization is a complementary measure

b
Often, the inability to change the living environment or the belief that someone is remotely controlling our actions somewhere will make us repulsive to learning; on the contrary, if we know that destiny is in our own hands, we will Work hard to learn and adapt.So when we have a real sense of responsibility for our actions, we learn faster.
This passage mainly supports such an argument?
A.Changing the living environment is the most powerful motivation for learning
B.Responsibility for your own actions is an important factor affecting the speed of learning
C.Learning is an activity remotely controlled by others
D.Everyone must control their own destiny

d
Few people think of marriage as a child's play and divorce every time.If marriage is like trial and error (if it turns out that there are no wrong choices in marriage, both parties will be happy and old age), and divorce is like "correction".On the one hand, the law is "Trial and error" provides convenience, and it should also provide convenience for "error correction".It can even be said that providing the latter convenience is more important than providing the former convenience.
This passage mainly says?
A.Marriage is a process of trial and error
B.Some people have a casual attitude towards marriage and divorce
C.Marriage is for trial and error
D.Freedom to divorce must be guaranteed

d
Herd mentality is one of the common phenomena of social psychology.The so-called herd mentality is the phenomenon in which individuals under the pressure of the group give up their opinions or violate their opinions to keep their speech and behavior consistent with the group.This phenomenon is Conformity, that is, groups can generate pressure, so that people's thinking tends to be consistent under pressure.
This passage supports such an argument?
A.In actual work, working groups should put more emphasis on human personality
B.The more individuals trust in groups, the easier it is for individual behaviors to tend to group behaviors
C.Herd mentality produces negative effects in actual work
D.Individual conformity or forced obedience or voluntary acceptance

d
During the Second World War, the United States strictly enforced the rationing system, and each person could only drink one cup of coffee per day.One day, Roosevelt told reporters at the reception that he had a cup of coffee in the morning and another cup in the evening.The reporters listened Immediately asked: "We only have one cup of coffee per day, where do you get the two?" Many reporters thought that this time they made a big headline.In the face of the reporter's censure, Roosevelt was not excited at all.He replied, "I do drink a cup of coffee in the morning and evening.However, in the evening, I brew the coffee grounds brewed in the morning again." Since then, people have called the coffee after brewing "Roosevelt coffee".
What's best for the text title of this paragraph?
A.Roosevelt's Story
B.Roosevelt and the reporter
C.How to drink "Roosevelt Coffee"
D.Origin of "Roosevelt Coffee"

b
The commoditization of housing means bringing housing to the market, mainly relying on market regulation to solve housing problems, and it also means greatly reducing the burden on the government and reducing government intervention in the housing industry.In the process of housing commoditization, the social welfare component of housing is declining, and operating profits will gradually become the pursuit of people.The unreasonable phenomenon in the old housing distribution system will likely be Some new unreasonable phenomena have replaced them.During the economic turmoil, new unreasonable phenomena will also threaten the stability of society.When the market regulation is weak, government intervention becomes particularly important.
What is the main point of this passage?
A.Commercialization of housing is an inevitable trend
B.Government intervention is still needed in the process of housing commodification
C.There will be unreasonable phenomena after the commercialization of housing
D.After the commercialization of housing, the government will no longer directly intervene in the housing industry

c
The main purpose of establishing a social security system is to better reflect the principle of fairness.However, there is a contradiction between fairness and efficiency.Fairness can only be relative.Especially for a developing country like China, the level of economic development is still relatively low The development of productivity and efficiency should be given priority.Only when productivity and productivity are improved can we achieve better social equity.
What is the main point supported by this passage?
A.Productivity determines the degree to which the principle of social equity is achieved
B.Fairness can only be relative in any country
C.China's level of economic development is low and one-sided pursuit of fairness
D.As long as the level of economic development is not up, social equity cannot be achieved

a
Lawyer Shang Jiangang of Shanghai Qianhe Law Firm stated that netizens have copyright in their posts on the website.If they indicate "No reprint" in the post, other units or websites may not reprint this, otherwise they are deemed Infringement: If there is no relevant statement in the post, according to relevant regulations, other units or websites can reproduce it, but must pay the manuscript, otherwise it will be considered infringement.
According to this article, what is the correct understanding?
A.Online works are protected by law
B.Online infringement is difficult to define
C.The site can reprint any post
D.Compensation for online works is not well calculated

b
In 1995, two scholars in the United States used radio telescopes with a diameter of 26 meters to search for unknown signals from the depths of the vast universe.However, no radio wave source with the characteristics of the received signals has been found so far, and in the direction of these radio waves, There are no specific stars.
What does the phrase "No radio wave source with the characteristics of the received signal found" mean?
A.I don't know if the received signal has a radio source
B.I have received a signal but I am not sure of its source
C.Not sure where the source of the radio wave has received the signal
D.The signal has been received but the characteristics of the radio source have not been found

c
"It's not about letting dishonest people blame themselves for their dishonesty, but it's about letting honest people blame themselves for not being able to give up their honesty."
The following is correct for this sentence:
A.Both honest and dishonest are guilty
B.Guilt of dishonesty
C.Honest guilt
D.Neither honest nor dishonest guilt

b
I now remember a famous quote from Plutarch, author of The Roman and the Great, that the most remarkable achievements may not always indicate people's virtues or bad deeds.Can clearly show the trend of character.
The following is the most accurate recap of what this sentence means:
A.Plutarch's famous words have influenced me a lot
B.Sometimes big things are not as good as small things
C.Only small things can reveal character and trends
D.Prominent performance does not always show human virtue or vice

a
Shell Oil Company ranked first in the total net profit of 500 large companies in the world for three consecutive years, mainly because the company has a lot of international business.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above statement:
A.Oil companies with a size comparable to Shell but with less international business have lower profits than Shell
B.In the history of the world ’s 500 major companies, the net profit champions are all oil companies
C.In the past three years, the world's 500 largest companies have been striving for internationalization
D.Prices of petroleum and refined oil have been stable for the past three years

c
If people with ability are not affected by outside influences to pursue "perfect" problem-solving methods, but limit their exploration and find satisfactory answers, then they can save a lot of energy.
This passage expresses such a view:
A.Capable people should not pursue perfection
B.People should limit their exploration
C.Sometimes the perfect solution is not necessarily the most economical
D.People don't always have to find perfect solutions

c
Through advertising, companies can largely regulate and stimulate consumer demand.Nevertheless, when companies make production plans based on forecasts of consumer demand and market capacity, they still have to bear a lot of risk.Whether the product is ultimately recognized by consumers is still an unknown factor.
This passage mainly supports such a view:
A.An enterprise can use advertising to mitigate the risks of new product sales
B.An enterprise can effectively regulate consumer demand
C.The success of a business ultimately depends on consumer recognition of its products
D.It is best for a company to provide products directly to consumers through direct sales.

a
In an era where text has always been the main medium, people mainly communicate ideas and disseminate information through books.In the reading of books, we have entered a long tradition of writing in words.On the contrary, television is now centered on the current, and the more information it disseminates, the more it has.Presentity seems to be more valuable.Text is an abstract symbol.As a medium, it requires reading and thinking.TV also directly affects viewers with images.Sometimes it is even taboo to think because thinking hinders viewing.
This passage mainly states:
A.Changes in the information media will lead to changes in the way the world is known
B.Similarities and Differences between Books and TV
C.Disseminating information through television reduces people's thinking time
D.Long tradition, history must be spread through books, not television

d
The gains and losses of one moment and one thing always seem to haunt us, and always be the source of troubles in life.If you can really put them aside, the troubles will be truly detached.In fact, the proposition that is really worth worrying about is: in what form should the value of life be? What kind of transformation is done, there are a thousand people with a thousand answers to this eternal mystery, but no one of the world's most authoritative textbooks can provide the perfect answer.
This passage mainly states:
A.Most people's troubles come from gains and losses in the moment
B.No one has known for thousands of years the value of life
C.Textbooks don't give people answers about the meaning of life
D.What people should really think about is how to transform the value of life instead of gains and losses

c
In the international arena, there is no lack of government-led establishment of social groups.The purpose of government-led establishment of social groups is to expand the scope and space of their functions.Some people call these types of NGOs as government non-governmental organizations.Become a "quasi-department" performing some government function.
This text directly supports such a view:
A.International non-governmental organizations often perform certain government functions
B.International NGOs are government-led
C.Many government-led social groups often perform government functions
D.The purpose of government-led social groups is to use them

d
There are a variety of ways to reduce psychological stress.It is an important method to correctly understand things and obtain a positive emotional experience.There is a kind of understanding in psychology-the assessment theory, that is, an individual who knows things will use the old in his mind.Experience to explain newly input information, evaluate, and produce an emotional experience, and whether individuals experience positive or negative emotions in the study of things depends on how to understand things.
The points that can be drawn from this passage are:
A.Individual's view of things affects people's emotional experience
B.Assessment can give people a positive emotional experience
C.The individual's perception of things will be affected by the original experience
D.Knowing things correctly to get a positive emotional experience can effectively reduce psychological stress

a
The similarities between popular science culture, humanistic culture, and scientific culture are that they share a common value orientation--both pursue the universality of truth.They differ in that humanistic culture focuses on the construction of the human spiritual homeland, and scientific culture focuses on the development of the human spirit.The exploration of the mysteries of nature and the construction of the material world, and the popular science culture is committed to spreading the humanistic and scientific culture, so that the humanistic spirit and the scientific spirit are interactively integrated, coordinated and balanced development.
This passage is mainly used to prove:
A.There are similarities and obvious differences between popular science culture and humanistic culture.
B.The value orientation of popular science culture is the pursuit of universality of truth
C.Differences between humanities and sciences
D.Popular science culture can coordinate the development of humanities and science

d
As far as today's Chinese reality is concerned, enlightenment is undoubtedly an urgent task, and as far as Chinese history is concerned, it is a historical task that is interrupted without being completed.Although the enlightenment spirit of the May Fourth New Culture Movement has been annihilated and forgotten for a long time, This does not prove that China does not need enlightenment.All the frustrations of modern times are reminding us: In the process of modernization, the task of enlightenment is insurmountable.Because the goal of human liberation can not be exceeded, as long as this The goal has not been achieved.History must be supplemented.
The main questions answered in this passage are:
A.Enlightenment's Place in Chinese History
B.The relationship between enlightenment and modernization
C.The tasks enlightened
D.Does China need enlightenment today?

b
In China, the research, testing, approval and production of vaccines are supervised by the drug inspection system, while the vaccination and transportation links are mainly supervised by the health system.The supervision of vaccines needs to be completed by the drug supervision department and the health department, and how to coordinate the supervision of the two departments The scope of responsibilities and the avoidance of regulatory blind spots are very important for future vaccine management in the market.
The meaning of this passage is:
A.After the country opens the vaccine market, vaccine regulation cannot keep up
B.Coordination of work between vaccine testing and health systems in vaccine surveillance needs to be strengthened
C.Inadequate communication and coordination between the drug monitoring system and the health system has created a regulatory blind spot in the market
D.There is a blind spot in vaccine regulation, and it will take some time for treatment

c
According to statistics, about 5,000 elderly people commit suicide each year in Japan, accounting for 3/10 of the total number of suicides, and they are considered to be the world's "old man suicide country." Among them, the suicide rate of divorced men is 8 times that of spouses and divorced women The suicide rate is 4 times that of those with a spouse.
The point directly supported by this passage is:
A.Japanese elderly bear heavy economic burdens and live under pressure
B.Most suicides have senile psychosis
C.Widowhood and loneliness are an important cause of suicide in the elderly in Japan
D.Elderly divorce is more common in Japan

a
The strength of nylon is two or three times higher than cotton, and four or five times higher than wool.Generally, a nylon wire with a diameter of 1 mm can lift 100 kg of things, and a nylon rope with a finger thickness can lift a fully loaded truck!
The main words of this passage are:
A.Strength of nylon
B.Uses of nylon
C.The magic of nylon
D.Comparison of nylon, cotton and wool

a
As the price of oil continues to rise, some countries use microorganisms to ferment sugar cane, sugar beet, and cassava into alcohol, replacing petroleum.This alcohol has the characteristics of complete combustion, high efficiency, and no pollution.Using it to dilute gasoline can get "ethanol gasoline" For example, Brazil has converted dozens of cars to use "ethanol gasoline" or alcohol as fuel, which has greatly reduced air pollution.
According to this article, what is correct is:
A.Fuel prices affect the automotive industry
B.Alcohol can completely replace gasoline
C.Plants can be made into alcohol
D.Pollution in Brazil is very serious

c
In social life, human roles dominate our perception, our attention is often attracted by people's daily activities, and often lacks a deep understanding of people outside the role, so in some seemingly profound Cognition inevitably exists based on surface or subjective views.
The point directly supported by this passage is:
A.In social life, people have to play various roles
B.Our understanding in society is based on an understanding of various roles
C.Lack of understanding of people outside of the role can lead to subjective or superficial knowledge
D.Avoid the influence of roles in order to have a more objective and profound understanding of people in society

c
The popularity of Swiss cars is high, with an average of two per person.For wealthy Swiss, buying a luxury "Benz" or "Lincoln" car is not a problem at all.However, most of the roads on Swiss roads are Popular cars such as "Honda" and "Volkswagen", as well as some unknown Beetle cars.Switzerland is the "watch kingdom", and its watches such as "Rolex", "Radar" and "Omega" are famous all over the world.The income of the Swiss, spending a few thousand yuan to buy a "Rolex" is only a small expenditure, but most of the Swiss wear ordinary watches, and some young people even wear plastic electronic watches.
The most suitable for the text title of this paragraph is:
A.Kingdom of Watches
B.Car park
C.Wealthy Swiss
D.Swiss fashion

a
Forests are interdependent with water and blood.As the main body of the terrestrial ecosystem and the most comprehensive resource pool in nature, forests have various functions such as regulating the climate, conserving water sources, maintaining water and soil, protecting against wind and sand, improving soil, and reducing pollution.It plays a decisive and irreplaceable role.Forests can conserve water.According to expert research, forests have a redistribution effect on rainfall, and 25% of rainfall can be stored and absorbed by vegetation.It is generally believed that 50,000 mu of forest trees is equivalent to A 1 million cubic meter reservoir.
This passage mainly talks about:
A.The importance of protecting forests
B.The importance of protecting water sources
C.Ecological environment for human existence
D.Dependence of water and forest

c
Skin color is an important feature of human body beauty.Facial skin is the most eye-catching place.Bodybuilding facial skin can add a person's appearance and color, reflecting people's health and mental appearance.Most Chinese people are yellow-skinned, smooth, soft, and transparent.The red face is often praised and admired.
In this passage, the following statements are correct:
A.Chinese people have the most beautiful complexion
B.People everywhere love Chinese
C.Facial skin is a concentrated expression of beauty
D.Observe the skin color of the face to see through the heart

d
Even candidates who have a well-written test have psychological pressure on the interview.After all, the interview forms are diverse and the examiner asks questions unexpectedly, so the interview is challenging for the candidates.Although it is absolutely impossible to have a foolproof test method, some of the following suggestions can help you improve your ability to take exams and increase your chances of success.
It can be inferred that the following content is about:
A.Various questions asked by the examiner
B.Various interview forms
C.Major Reasons for Interview Failure
D.Attention points for test answers

b
Once the environmental problem occurs, it is not only laborious, but also difficult to change, and even irreversible.Therefore, the view of "development first, then governance" is not only one-sided, but also very dangerous.
This passage mainly supports the view that:
A.Environmental issues are a complex issue
B.The prevention and control of environmental problems must be combined
C.A comprehensive environmental assessment must be carried out for major projects
D.Governing environmental issues

b
Rectification work should be carried out in accordance with the requirements of "for the people, pragmatic, and clean".We must adhere to the principle of "who is in charge and who is responsible" and "the industry must manage the wind." Co-responsibility responsibility mechanism, coexisting prevention mechanism, supervision mechanism with extensive participation of the masses, innovative mechanism focusing on root causes, and continuously eradicating the soil and conditions that breed unhealthy winds at the source.
The most accurate recap of this passage is:
A.Wind-correction work must be multi-pronged and address both the symptoms and the symptoms.
B.Correction work should establish and improve the responsibility mechanism for joint management
C.Wind rectification work depends on the participation of the general public in supervision
D.Governance work should be managed from the source to achieve lasting peace

d
For many years, doctors and family members have mostly adopted the attitude toward cancer patients: to conceal the facts of cancer they have received from patients.This practice is medically called "protective care", and its purpose is to reduce the psychological burden on patients.Zhang, the newly established rehabilitation department of the Cancer Hospital, advocates "open treatment."
It can be inferred that what will be discussed below is:
A.How to allocate doctors and family members in the process of "open treatment"
B.The disadvantages of "protective medicine"
C."Open treatment" will control and improve the condition
D.Meaning and form of "open treatment"

a
Most interpreters believe that the most difficult thing is for the speaker to joke with difficult-to-translate word games.People may pay more attention to the reactions caused by the jokes they say.If the speaker is due to his humor, Forbearance can't help but the audience is inexplicable one by one, so no one will feel comfortable.
Regarding this passage, the following statements are true:
A.Most interpreters are too weak to joke translators with word games
B.Talking to foreigners should not be a word game
C.Speakers like to tell jokes with word games
D.Even if the audience listened to somehow, the speaker could not help but tell the joke

b
China's patent applications are growing at an average annual rate of 48%.China's patent implementation only accounts for 20% to 30% of the total patents.Compared with the foreign implementation rate of 80%, the patent gap is very large.Only 15% of the volume comes from enterprises, while 80% of patent applications in developed countries come from enterprises.
This passage supports the view that:
A.China's science and technology innovation progresses rapidly
B.China's scientific and technological innovation must not only focus on development and research, but also strengthen the promotion and implementation of scientific and technological achievements
C.China's level of technological innovation is very different from foreign countries
D.Chinese enterprises do not attach as much importance to scientific and technological innovation activities as research institutes and universities

b
At present, researchers are not sure whether there is depression or indulgence network first, but one thing is certain, that is a vicious circle between the two.Depression can make adolescents more addicted to the Internet and have depression symptoms Of young people have almost no life goals, and the virtual rewards obtained in online games are very attractive to them.Although the online world extends in all directions, the teenagers who are addicted to it are extremely lonely inside.
This passage supports the view that:
A.There is a vicious circle between depression and the addiction network, which has a great negative impact on adolescents
B.The internet world is in all directions, but the teenagers who are addicted to it are extremely lonely inside
C.Depression can make teens more addicted to the online world
D.Adolescents with depressive symptoms have basically no life goals, and the virtual rewards obtained in online games are very absorbing for them.

b
When people talk about cultivating children to become successful, the first thing they think about is how to improve their intelligence and how they improve their academic performance.It seems that children with good grades will benefit in the future.In fact, this view is not comprehensive.Many research materials show that Among the world's famous scientists, entrepreneurs, and social activists, only two-thirds of their success factors are intellectual factors.
The main points supported by this passage are:
A.It is wrong to think about how to improve your child's intelligence
B.Attention should be paid to the comprehensive development of children's intelligence and non-intelligence
C.Scientists' success ultimately depends on non-intellectual factors
D.Only by improving children's intelligence can they improve their academic performance

d
Forest is the cradle of human civilization and the ecological factor that most directly affects human survival.Forests absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen to balance the proportion of atmospheric carbon dioxide.It is estimated that forests and plants in the world produce 400 billion oxygen annually Forests are rainmakers, which not only affect precipitation, but also reduce soil erosion on hillsides.
This passage mainly supports the argument that the forest:
A.Is a rainmaker
B.It is "natural oxygen bar"
C.is the cradle of human civilization
D.is an important part of the human living environment

d
There are two major problems in China's resource prices.One is that resource prices are basically government pricing or government guidance prices, which only reflect the cost of resource development, do not fully cover the cost of environmental damage and production safety, and the resource tax is very low.The important thing is that it fails to truly reflect the scarcity of resources in the market supply and demand relationship, resulting in low resource prices; the second is the unreasonable parity relationship between resource products.
The main meaning of the most accurate repetition of this passage is:
A.China's resource prices do not truly reflect market supply and demand and resource scarcity
B.The unreasonable price relationship between Chinese resource products
C.China's resource prices are basically government pricing or government guidance prices
D.There is a problem of blind pricing and the unreasonable relationship between the price of resources in China

a
The China Youth Daily pointed out that dozens of economists believe that the problem of urban poverty in China has significantly increased.Experts believe that such a large group of poor people may come from state-owned enterprise reforms and adjustments leading to unemployed groups, and resource-exhausted cities A large number of urban residents with normal labor capacity retired earlier, and the elderly who only depended on pensions flowed into the city and became a large number of rural population in the new poor strata of the city.At the same time, social insurance, education and training, medical security, and other institutional shortages Positions and failures are also creating and creating new urban poor people anytime, anywhere.
Regarding this passage, the following statements are true:
A.China's urban poor groups are formed for a variety of reasons
B.The largely rural population flowing into the city cannot be counted as the new urban poor
C.Citizens with working capacity in resource-exhausted cities will not be impoverished
D.Retirement is earlier, and the elderly who rely on pensions are guaranteed to live without poverty

d
A report by U.S.scientists points out that the combined value of coastal wetland ecosystems per hectare each year is $ 4025, equivalent to 2 times the equivalent area of rainforest, or 13 times that of other forests, or 17 times that of grasslands, or that of farmland.44 times!
Understanding of "value" in a sentence.What is incorrect?
A.Coastal wetlands are special ecosystems with rich biodiversity
B.Coastal wetlands have an irreplaceable role in global ecological balance
C.Coastal wetlands have high biological productivity and important coastal protection functions
D.Coastal wetlands can create high national economic value for coastal areas

b
At the meeting of the title review committee, Professor Zhang objected to his suggestions on "opposing the promotion of Li Hua to a professor who seriously violated the school discipline and rules," and he felt very sorry and did not understand it, and then hesitated Exited the conference room.
What attitude did Professor Zhang hold towards Professor Li Hua's promotion?
A.Agree
B.Disagree
C.Not available
D.Ignore

c
If one day the machine surpasses us in an important quality that we think is superior, we will give our creations the only privilege with both hands!
What is the correct understanding of the sentence?
A.When machines surpass humans in superior quality, humans will not be able to control the thinking ability of machines
B.If one day machines surpass humans in all aspects.Machines will make humans lose their ability to think
C.When machines also have the ability to think, humans will recognize that thinking is no longer their own privilege
D.If a machine has important human qualities one day, the machine will enjoy all human rights

c
Tropical dwellers have higher levels of R globulin, but lower levels of protein; cold dwellers have higher levels of protein, but lower levels of R globulin.This is similar to cold dwellers' meat-based diets, while tropical Residents are predominantly vegetarian.
What does this passage mainly mean?
A.People have different eating habits in different regions
B.Food sources vary from region to region
C.Food composition affects the proportion of blood components in the human body
D.Vegetarians are healthier and live longer

b
Today's Chinese culture needs not the hooligan spirit, but the new cultural gentleman spirit.If the old culture has shown its ridiculousness, then it should not be the cottage culture, but it should be truly original.Independent culture."Cottages" may have resistance efforts, but not a free spirit.They may have genius, but they cannot point to the creation of truth, goodness, and beauty.
The following list, what does this mean?
A.Cottage culture is a rogue culture
B.Cottage culture is not a truly original independent culture
C.Shanzhai culture lacks the spirit of independence and freedom because it is attached to the old culture
D.Cottage culture subverts traditional truth, goodness and beauty

c
The rational callback of housing prices allows ordinary people to realize their housing dreams at a reasonable price, and they will naturally consume and spend boldly in the future.In this sense, saving the market does save real estate, but the best way to save real estate is to let prices fall.It fell until it was affordable for most people.
This passage expresses the hope that house prices will fall, and why?
A.Current house prices lack rationality
B.Ordinary people expect reasonable housing prices
C.House prices fall to a level that most ordinary people can afford, it will drive housing consumption and put the real estate industry on a healthy development track, thereby improving the economy
D.Inflatable housing prices make ordinary people's housing dreams come to nothing

d
French writer Flaubert once said: "Science and art broke up at the foot of the mountain, and turned back to the summit."
What is the most accurate meaning of this sentence?
A.Science and art belong to different fields, but they use the same methods to explore mysteries
B.Science and art study the natural world in different ways, but in the end, they must cooperate and learn from each other
C.The language used by science and art is different, but the expression is the same
D.There are many differences between science and art, but their essence and mission are to sort out the order and rules from the chaotic phenomenon.

d
A well-known company recruits senior management talents from the society.During the interview, there is a test question: "Please write the biggest secret of your original unit and what value is it to our company?" It was a person who submitted a blank question to this question.Someone asked why, and the boss replied: "Such people are trustworthy."
What does it mean that a candidate turned in a blank paper and was hired? What is the most correct understanding?
A.Doing nothing smart is better than doing stupidly
B.Surprisingly winning with innovation
C.Make a difference by performing differently
D.Personality is an important factor for success

b
According to reports, some British investigation agencies have conducted a survey under the title "Who is the happiest in the world", and the statistics show that the top four are the following four types of people: writers who have just published novels; A woman with a child; a doctor who has just completed a major operation; a child who has successfully played with sand.
What makes the above people happiest?
A.Engage in creative labor and succeed with hard work
B.Happiness lies in self-perception, not in material conditions
C.Interest is the best teacher, happiness is in interest
D.Anyone who has a purpose can succeed, and people who have a purpose can get happiness

a
Dante said: "Morality often fills the flaws of wisdom, but wisdom cannot fill the flaws of morality."
Do you understand this sentence correctly?
A.In a sense, morality is more important than wisdom
B.One can lack wisdom but not moral
C.Defects in wisdom can be filled, but defects in morality cannot be filled
D.Defects in morality often bring irreparable flaws in wisdom

c
Management guru Drucker proposed a modern management method, that is, target management.He believes that goals are not only assigned by managers, but also need to be recognized by the managers.Only in this way, difficult tasks will not be employees.Rejected and Avoided.
What does this sentence mean?
A.Drucker proposes a goal management approach
B.Goals are determined by managers
C.Managers and managers should agree on goals
D.Work should not be difficult, otherwise, employees will refuse

d
The test results show that: when cooking rice with tap water, the degree of vitamin B.1 loss is proportional to the time and temperature of cooking rice, and the general loss is 30%; if using boiling water and distilled water to cook rice, it will not cause vitamin B.1 loss.The number of meters is directly proportional to the loss of vitamin B.1, but no matter whether boiled water, tap water or distilled water is used to wash the rice, the loss of vitamin B.1 is 40%.
Can we get from this experimental result?
A.Rice should be washed with boiling water and distilled water
B.Save water when washing rice
C.You should use boiling water to wash rice and cook rice
D.The number of rice panning should be reduced, and boiling water should be used for cooking

d
Do nt care if someone is paying attention to dancing or singing; do not care about other people s discussions; do nt worry about the confrontation of strong players when you participate in competitive interviews.
What does this sentence mean?
A.As long as you are happy
B.Do what you like
C.Success depends on yourself, not others
D.Be independent and confident

a
Reading is an individual's lifestyle and is determined by cultural literacy.Without the pursuit of knowledge and the love of culture, it is difficult to imagine that people can calm down to read.The habit of reading should be cultivated from a young age From the beginning, only the love and pursuit of cultural knowledge can make us accustomed to reading.Chinese reading habits and hobbies can not be solved by a youth reading festival.Therefore, reading.Ordinary habits.
What is the central issue of this passage?
A.Reading habits
B.Advocating for reading
C.Love reading since childhood
D.Pursuit of knowledge

a
In the past few decades, Chinese society has downplayed ethnic folk customs.As people live richer lives, they need to set off an entertainment climax one by one.At this time, we find that our traditional festivals are "poor" and difficult to meet people's spiritual and cultural needs.The human-friendly Western Festival has naturally entered the Chinese life.
The attitude of this passage to the Chinese people's life during the Western Festival is:
A.Understanding
B.Agree
C.against
D.doesn't matter

a
Insufficient demand has caused overproduction, while layoffs and wage cuts have caused the income of low-income groups to continue to fall, demand has become weaker, and overproduction has become more serious.
According to the above paragraph, the following statements are wrong:
A.Overproduction is caused by insufficient demand
B.Overproduction is because production is not properly organized according to consumer demand
C.Expanding demand can alleviate pressure from overproduction
D.Over-production and under-consumption are mutually causal and repeatedly intensifying processes

b
The World Economic Forum's annual meeting ended in Davos, Switzerland on February 1, and economic experts attending the forum generally believed that the global economic downturn had not bottomed out.
This sentence tells us that economic experts attending the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum:
A.Think the global economy is down
B.Think that the global economy continues to decline
C.Reached consensus on the global economic downturn
D.Endless research on the global economic downturn

d
In the clinical use of antibacterial drugs, the type of drug is selected according to the patient's personal conditions.The first dose and concentration of the drug and the subsequent frequency of drug use and drug compatibility are strictly followed, although the drug-resistant strains cannot be completely prevented.The emergence of the disease should also be able to control the spread and deterioration of drug resistance.
The author's opinion on whether drug resistance will occur after using antibacterial drugs is:
A.Inevitable
B.Not available
C.Can be controlled
D.Unsure

d
At a banquet that welcomed Kissinger's second visit to China, Premier Zhou said, "(Restoration of Sino-US relations) is due to Chairman Mao and President Nixon.Of course, there must be someone who is a leader.This leader is Dr.Kissinger ."
this means:
A.Kissinger's visit to China marks the normalization of Sino-US relations
B.Kissinger played a decisive role in promoting the improvement of Sino-US relations
C.Chairman Mao and President Nixon are agents of improvement in Sino-US relations
D.Kissinger lays the foundation for improved Sino-US relations

a
Recent scientific research has found that many objects in the universe can emit Hawking radiation, and Hawking radiation is more common than expected.Therefore, it is possible to understand the situation at the end of the black hole's life by studying Hawking radiation.
From this passage, we know?
A.Hawking radiation is widespread in the universe
B.Objects in the universe can generally emit Hawking radiation
C.Prior to this discovery, scientists were undecided whether Hawking radiation exists in the universe
D.This discovery allows scientists to determine the end of the black hole's life

d
The 120-year-old Dow Jones News Agency announced that it has hired Xinhua Online to exclusively sell its information products in China.This means that in the future, domestic news media and government agencies will simultaneously use Dow Jones Chinese language financial news and comments will become possible.It is reported that Dow Jones News Agency uses its Independent, leading financial news is world-renowned, publishing more than 8,000 market news every 24 hours.This time, Xinhua Online launched an "engine plan" to open the way for Dow Jones to serve the Chinese mainland.It also went to the countryside to accept the financial information of individual domestic users.Service requirements.
What's best for the headline of the above paragraph?
A.Dow Jones News Agency vigorously expands the Chinese market
B.Dow Jones News Agency has won the Chinese market with its independent, fast information
C.Dow Jones News Agency meets users' information needs with its unique service and localized strategy
D.Xinhua Online Releases Information for Dow Jones

d
Recently, scientists from the Cancer Institute of the University of Cambridge Medical School in the United Kingdom and the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in the United States announced that they have isolated individual genes from a variety of human cancer cells in independent research activities, and have proved these genes through a large number of experiments.It can cause normal healthy cells of the human body to become cancerous.For many years, scientists in the field of genetic research have thought that by changing this gene, cancer cells can be transformed into normal cells.Now they have found this gene, so that People have taken another big step in the fight against cancer.
Which of the following statements is consistent with the above?
A.The discovery of these genes is the result of cooperation between different research institutions
B.These genes can repair cancer cells, so they can successfully treat cancer
C.Scientists discover these genes and successfully overcome cancer
D.This discovery by scientists has a profound impact on the historical course of humans' fight against cancer

a
From the perspective of human sustainable development, the use of plant foods on the earth's resources is indeed higher.For those who are vegetarian for this purpose, it should indeed be given full respect.However, human development is after all In order to make people live better.The things that make people live a good life, whether it is car planes or computer networks, rely on the consumption of earth resources.Compared to these, the impact of meat-eating on the earth is not so great.For many people, meat is the most important need in life.Vegetarian food, as a personal choice, should, of course, be respected.However, vegetarians should not stand on the moral high ground for any reason and ask others Also vegetarian.
What is the wrong understanding of the above paragraphs?
A.When a person chooses vegetarian food for the purpose of human sustainable development, we should respect him
B.People choosing vegetarian or meat is not enough to change the world
C.Vegetarians often stand on the moral high ground and ask others to be vegetarian
D.It is beyond reproach that people consume the earth's resources in order to live a better life

d
Expert analysis believes that as the effect of national control policies appears, the excessive rise in prices will be curbed to some extent.Due to the inertia of rising prices, it is expected that the CPI may continue to increase slightly year-on-year in early 2011, and the overall price level for the whole year will be moderate Uptrend.
The following list, what does this mean?
A.The regulatory policies adopted by the state can ensure that prices will no longer rise
B.CPI is no longer expected to rise in the middle and late 2011
C.CPI is likely to decline after eliminating the impact of price inertia
D.The overall price level is expected to rise in 2011, but not much

c
American researchers have initially confirmed that broccoli and other cruciferous vegetables are rich in compounds called isocyanate (ITC), which can preferentially kill the mutant P53 gene and leave the P53 gene.The protein composed of the P53 gene has It helps prevent cancer cells from growing, but once the P53 gene is mutated, it loses this protection, and the mutated P53 gene is associated with almost half of human cancers.
Why can broccoli prevent cancer?
A.Broccoli rich in isocyanate (ITC) can kill cancer cells
B.Broccoli prevents mutations in the normal P53 gene
C.Broccoli contains substances that can destroy the mutant P53 gene and retain the normal P53 gene
D.Broccoli contains proteins that help stop cancer cells from growing

d
In response to reporters questions, Zhang Lijun, deputy minister of the Ministry of Environmental Protection, said that China s traditional emissions of pollutants are still very large, exceeding China s environmental capacity, causing the environmental quality of some regions to fail to meet national standards.With rapid economic development, Some new environmental problems continue to arise, especially dangerous chemicals, persistent organic pollutants, e-waste, etc.The environmental problems of China's water and atmosphere have not been completely solved, and soil pollution is now prominently before us.
Based on the above information, what can be concluded?
A.Traditional pollutant emissions have not been resolved, new environmental problems have emerged, and China's environmental problems are facing a severe situation
B.New environmental issues are an inevitable product of rapid economic development
C.The environmental quality of some areas in China does not meet the national standards because of the large emissions of traditional pollutants
D.The appearance of environmental pollution problems has its special law, that is, water and air pollution first, and then soil pollution.

d
A recent study shows that by the end of this century, the average temperature of the earth will be 3 㠃 higher than it is now.This prediction is based on the phenomenon of rising global temperatures and the greenhouse effect in recent years.The greenhouse effect, in physics, refers to perspective The enclosed space of the sunlight has a thermal insulation effect due to the lack of heat exchange with the outside world.Carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is the main greenhouse gas, which can reduce the loss of surface heat to space and maintain a certain amount of heat in the atmosphere.
Based on the above, what is the following explanation of the concept of the "greenhouse effect"?
A.This refers to the effect of the lack of heat exchange with the outside world such as carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases, which has caused a corresponding increase in surface temperature.
B.Refers to the effect of increasing the carbon dioxide content in the enclosed space that receives sunlight, which can increase the surface temperature
C.This refers to a kind of thermal insulation effect in a certain enclosed space capable of receiving sunlight due to lack of heat exchange with the outside, such as convection.
D.This refers to the main greenhouse gas in the atmosphere, which reduces the heat loss from the surface to space, and produces a thermal insulation effect in a specific confined space.

a
The economic vitality and development prospects of the BRICS countries have attracted the attention of the international community, but at this stage, these countries still face some difficulties in their economic development, such as unreasonable economic structures, relatively backward infrastructure, imperfect financial market functions, and significant regional development differences.To solve these problems, we must give full play to the core role of finance, strengthen financial cooperation, explore cooperation mechanisms, enrich cooperation content, improve cooperation methods, and effectively improve the efficiency of resource allocation.
This text is intended to illustrate the BRICS countries
A.Urgent need to deepen financial cooperation
B.Difficulties in economic development
C.Potential to drive global economic development
D.Currently focusing on the financial industry

d
Before the French arrived in North America, this land was already inhabited by Native American Indians.It is said that their ancestors passed through the area that was still bordering North America at the time in the northeast corner of Asia 30,000 to 10,000 years ago (now the Bering Strait).) Came to live in the non-frozen land in Alaska and Yukon, and some continued to expand to the southeast of North America until the Atlantic coast and the tip of South America.It is generally believed that the earliest indigenous people here belonged to the Mongolian race in Asia.During the Stone Age, the stone utensils and weapons discovered from contemporary Canada can be corroborated.
"Here" in paragraphs refers specifically to
A.Atlantic coast
B.Alaska
C.Canada
D.Americas

d
Reading is very different from watching movies, watching videos, and listening to concerts.The latter is a huge birthday cake that can be deliciously shared; the former is just a cup of tea under a solitary lamp, just alone, as if listening to a distant soul Whispering to you alone, he said the same thing to different people at different times, but at this time you feel that he is just singing for you.
The most appropriate summary of this text is
A.I can experience the taste of loneliness most in reading
B.Reading gains are difficult to share with others
C.Reading pleasure comes from inner experience
D.The charm of reading needs to be tasted alone

d
Undoubtedly, in the late Qing Dynasty, China was forced to be included in the world capitalist system, which was not encountered in thousands of years.From the center of the world to the so-called "Far East", it has repeatedly been absent in world history and culture and encountered profound The crisis of cultural identity is constantly misunderstood, misinterpreted and demonized.It is in this historical context that it is increasingly important and urgent to discover the output of the East and culture.
The "historical context" in this passage refers to
A.China is marginalized by Western powers
B.Historical changes in China in the late Qing Dynasty
C.Timing of China's integration into the capitalist system
D.Misunderstanding, misinterpretation and demonization of Chinese culture

c
One nation, one nation.Only a protection box that values its own traditional culture can survive without being assimilated by other countries and nations.Paying attention to Chinese traditional culture means paying attention to China's future.The more respect the traditional culture, the more open it can be.Tradition The deeper the roots of culture, the stronger the ability to absorb the faintness of foreign cultures.
Options that do not fit the meaning expressed above are
A.Attention to traditional culture is the basis for the survival and development of a country and nation
B.Attention to traditional culture can maximize cultural independence
C.Attaching importance to traditional culture can strengthen cultural assimilation ability
D.Attention to traditional culture can better absorb the culture of other countries

a
As an ancient revival of the Eastern powers, China is very mysterious to the West, just like that of Marco Polo when he came to China: Gold is everywhere, silver is everywhere.Westerners read the travel notes, but they think China is very rich, but in the end how rich you can only rely on imagination.Nowadays, when looking at China in the West, there are real ingredients and many imaginary ingredients.
This text mainly explains
A.Western people's understanding of Chinese is still different from reality
B.Western understanding of China still lingers in Marco Polo
C.Marco Polo's description forms the basis for Westerners to understand China
D.China's rapid development has caused a serious lag in the recognition of the West

d
From an economic perspective, there are two basic problems: the first is the issue of incentives and the second is the issue of coordination.In the final analysis, the system is used to solve these two problems.No matter what method you use, as long as it can be solved, it is a good system.Therefore, there is no standard system in the world.When people get rid of these basic problems and simply apply certain concepts, they fail.
What does this text mean?
A.Importance of solving incentives and coordination
B.How to use economic principles to evaluate a system
C.How to use economic principles to solve practical problems
D.Establish the fundamental purpose and evaluation criteria of the system

b
Before I came into contact with history, I imagined that most of the fields have been cultivated, but later I found that this is not the case.Even for the tasks that have been very hot, you carefully study the existing research results and do with some related historical materials.By comparison, you will find that almost everyone, every history, has been neglected by historians, and there are a lot of gaps.
The most accurate summary of the point of view of this text is
A.If you have a misunderstanding of history
B.Historical research remains promising
C.Current historical research results are relatively limited
D.Discussion on the urgent need to strengthen historical research methods

b
According to the World Bank's statistical report, the final consumption expenditure of developed countries generally accounts for about 80% of GD.P, and the developing countries generally have more than 70%.In the past 30 years, due to the rapid economic growth of China, the investment rate is higher The consumption rate shows a steady downward trend.The final consumption expenditure as a percentage of GD.P fluctuates between 55% and 65%.Since 2001, the consumption rate has remained below 60%.National consumption in the national economy The proportion is significantly lower than the international average.
It can be inferred from this passage that China's consumption policy should be adjusted to
A.Maintain the current level of national consumption and maintain certain stamina for the development of the national economy
B.Further increase the level of national consumption and maintain the steady and rapid development of the national economy
C.Continue to carry forward the fine tradition of hard work and strive to promote a steady decline in water consumption
D.Actively promote advanced consumption and strive to exceed 80% of the consumption indicators of developed countries

b
After the purchase restriction order was issued in a city, many netizens expressed support for the purchase restriction order in the city and hoped that house prices in the city could be reduced under the influence of the purchase restriction order.According to the survey results of Soufang.com, one month after the introduction of the purchase restriction order, 70% of netizens expressed dissatisfaction with the city's purchase restriction order.They thought that the regulation effect during this month was average and not as powerful as expected.
The main content of this passage is
A.Investigation of the effect of SouFun on the purchase restriction order in a city
B.Netizens' views on a city purchase restriction order
C.Effect of the purchase restriction order in a city
D.A city issued a purchase restriction order

d
The image of entrepreneurs' public opinion will have a direct impact on the companies they represent, and in the event of corporate public opinion, the opinions and actions of entrepreneurs will receive the most concentrated attention of the media and netizens.In the response to corporate public opinion, a positive attitude is to alleviate negative public opinion Entrepreneurs' overall response to public opinion is good, but there are also entrepreneurs who respond improperly, which leads to the expansion of negative public opinion and damages personal and corporate reputation.
The main point of this sentence is
A.Image of entrepreneurial opinion
B.Corporate public opinion events
C.Corporate public opinion response
D.Entrepreneurs' public opinion response

b
Now people are smelling the sand storm, that is, due to the strong phoenixes rolling up a large amount of sand and dust, causing the air to be turbid, and the wind and sand weather phenomenon with visibility of fewer than 1,000 meters, which has actually existed in ancient times., Is a project of nature and has a place in the global ecological balance.
The most accurate interpretation of the sandstorm is
A.Sandstorm is one of the natural forces that sculpt the appearance of the earth, and it is a project of nature
B.The sand storm is a wind and sand weather phenomenon caused by the wind to wind up a large amount of sand and dust, making the air turbid and visibility less than kilometers
C.The weather phenomenon of sandstorm is a manifestation of natural force and has nothing to do with human activities
D.Sandstorms are caused by human factors

a
The immune globulin A contained in saliva originally played an antibacterial effect.Researchers at Loughborough University in the UK found that the amount of this protein in saliva was inversely related to human immunity.They spent more than three years on 38 Racers who participated in America's Cup sailing plugs were tested and observed that about two-quarters of the racers had a sharp drop in the level of immunoglobulin A in their saliva, although they felt good at the time, two weeks before the cold.
The significance of this study of saliva by British researchers is that
A.Revealed that by detecting the amount of immunoglobulin A.contained in saliva, people can judge their immune status and take timely measures to prevent disease infestation
B.It is clear that the higher the amount of immunoglobulin A in saliva, the stronger the body is immune, because immunoglobulin A.plays a role
C.The incubation period for dry flu was found to be two weeks, during which the level of immune globulin A in saliva has dropped sharply, and two people will not feel the decline in immunity
D.Subverts people's understanding of the antibacterial effects of immunoglobulin A contained in saliva

c
From the low-flying weather forecast of the dragonfly to the earthquake prediction of the toad moving, ancient Chinese folks have accumulated a lot of experience.These experiences have been passed down from generation to generation, and even today, from the perspective of the folks, including today's Internet, there are still some problems Low confidence.Second, modern earthquake research emphasizes data and concepts.In ancient times, accurate predictions of a certain area were put in today's information collection and horizontal comparison.From a statistical perspective, there is no longer a universally applicable meaning.
For the experience of earthquake prediction accumulated in ancient China, the author thinks it
A.It is the crystallization of folk wisdom that has been passed down for many years among ordinary people, and has considerable credibility.
B.Contrary to modern earthquake research that values data and probability, and is not credible
C.It is contingent and cannot be used as a basis for earthquake prediction
D.Can be effectively used in modern earthquake research

d
An apple on a tree is ripe.Because it is too high to stand on tiptoe, I had to move to a wooden ladder.The moment I reached for my hand, the apple suddenly fell and fell to the ground, forming a ball.Fruit puree.Here is the so-called helplessness in life-seeing the hand, but losing it.But it is not a waste of effort, at least, I know that this apple does not belong to me.If you come down from the wooden ladder at this time, go to pick other It's not too late on the tree.
The most important inspiration this story gives us is
A.Be good at finding opportunities and seize them in reality
B.Don't be discouraged in life, don't lose yourself, keep working hard and pursuing
C.Keep an ordinary mind when encountering anything and learn to be calm
D.Any exploration in life is the accumulation of a successful experience

d
If it is said that from the concept of fiction, from the real to the fiction is an inevitable road, Chinese novelists are also on this inevitable road, consciously or unconsciously, away from the historical narrative.At the same time, the rise of the textbook is flourishing Then, to mimeographs, short stories, novels, Chinese novelists have taken nutrients from various forms of language and text, and are also moving away from the traditions of classical Chinese on the road of gradual evolution from the language and writing tradition of script.
In this passage, two deviations of Chinese novelists are mentioned.The following incorrect interpretation of the meaning of deviation is
A.Get rid of historical narrative models like the Romance of the Three Kingdoms and the Water Margin
B.Departure Although it is elegant and exquisite, it lacks easy and popular features.
C.Absorbing the nutrients of various languages and words, the language of novel creation is more colorful
D.Abandoned the traditional writing method of Chinese novels and moved completely to another creative path that departed from tradition

a
It is not necessary to evade the economic value of the World Heritage, but the World Heritage is first and foremost a precious resource unique in the world, and cannot be developed and utilized as ordinary economic resources.At the same time, World Heritage is a resource that must be properly protected.It is fragile, fragile, and non-renewable.Once destroyed, it will cause irreversible losses, and protection and development should undoubtedly be dominated by protection.Furthermore, World Heritage is a resource shared by people all over the world.Unique economic resources are arbitrarily used as cash cows.World Heritage also belongs to credit resources.Reuse and fairness must be reflected, and we have the responsibility to pass it on to future generations.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is
A.World Heritage focuses on protection, not development
B.Awareness of World Heritage Protection Needs Strengthening
C.World Heritage is a wealth shared by all mankind
D.World Heritage is a precious resource that is not renewable

b
Academic evaluations are often intertwined with a variety of subjective and objective factors.Because academic evaluations are often affected by factors such as academic perspectives, emotional tendencies, and values, people tend to rely on quantitative data for evaluation.In fact, the significance of evaluation contained in category data is reflected by clickers, downlines, and referees.Over-reliance on such data is to consider the producer of quantitative data as the evaluation subject.
What does this text mean?
A.Evaluation system based on quantitative indicators is controversial
B.Don't rely too much on quantitative data in the academic evaluation
C.Correct academic evaluation requires a long historical process
D.Academic evaluations that stand the test of practice are reliable

d
Some people say that traditional novels rely on experience-based writing, while online novels rely on imaginary writing.It seems that these two types of writing need to find a connection point, and experience-dependent writing needs to absorb the imagination of online novels.It needs to be enriched with rich and rich experience in traditional novels.Therefore, to get rid of the dilemma of originality declining in today's literature, writers should increase the accumulation of life experience, which is a very important measure.But this is only by experience.The first step towards originality.Next, we must carry out serious cultivation in testing to transform life experience into the spiritual experience and the objective world of experience into the subjective spiritual world of writers.
What does this text highlight?
A.How to transform experience into the imagination
B.How to draw the junction of traditional and online novels
C.How writers should continuously accumulate life experience
D.How to improve the originality of literature

a
The principle of prudence is not disrespect for science.The pragmatic attitude used in the face of science.The achievement of scientific research results and its social recognition often represent huge economic benefits or even the lifetime achievements of scientists.This makes it difficult to guarantee that scientists will not relax scientific principles.Requirements are endless; socialization of scientific research results is often connected with corporate interests, and companies will inevitably conceal hazards on the basis of profit: due to the unknown factors of scientific research and the difficulty and time span of dangerous discovery, even scientists and companies uphold the principles It is also difficult to guarantee that the potential harm of scientific research results can be found.
What does this passage mean?
A.Application of scientific results should be cautious
B.The potential dangers of scientific research results cannot be predicted
C.The economic benefits attached to science corrupt the spirit of science
D.Moral principles are the primary principles for scientific research

c
Mathematical methods are extremely important and indispensable methods in Western science.Rigor and precision are an important part of the spirit of science, and rigor and precision are brought to a large extent by mathematical methods.Science requires various concepts as much as possible.It is quantified and can be tested with a certain degree of accuracy.The accuracy of the laws and theorems is reflected in its mathematical expressions.The agreement or closeness of the experimentally measured values and the mathematical inferred values of the laws and theorems is the establishment of the laws and theorems.The main basis of law is also convincing or close to laws and theorems.It is the main basis for the establishment of laws and theorems.It is also the main reason for convincing laws and theorems.The concept that has been formed for a long time is: if discipline cannot ", Even if it is not a precise discipline, or it is considered an immature discipline.
The most accurate idea of the main idea of this text is?
A.The charm of mathematics lies in rigor and precision
B.Mathematical expressions make laws and theorems more precise
C.Mathematics is the standard for measuring scientific results
D.Mathematical methods are a means of scientific precision

c
In 1616, Shakespeare and Tang Xianzu died in the same year.Both can be regarded as great playwrights at the turn of the 16th and 17th centuries.Both love writing scripts, but the writing is not the same.For example, the story of "Romeo and Juliet" is nearing the end The death of a pair of lovers, and the tragic tragedy ended with the reconciliation of the families of both parties.The willingness to reconcile is indeed wonderful, and can only be borrowed.Shakespeare's pen and ink for reconciliation are too inadvertent, as if only for the concept of "reconciliation".Du Li Niang in The Peony Pavilion, thinking about her encounter in dreams, mourns, but dies, and because of this, she is alive and fulfilled.Tang Xianzu spends her pen and ink on love without detriment to hate and considers the softness without indulging in violence He loves, looks forward, gives, accommodates, and has no fate.
What's the point of this text?
A.Explain the greatness of Shakespeare and Tang Xianzu
B.Analysis of the Unique Writing Techniques in The Peony Pavilion
C.Comparing the artistic styles of Shakespeare and Tang Xianzu
D.Summarize the common points of Chinese and foreign classical opera

d
In the 19th century, Emerson and other writers taught readers a theory called "self-help theory." In their opinion, a person with a personality must have a full brain.Guidance in this thought In order to gain the respect of others, it is necessary to extensively explore outstanding works in cultural history in his spare time.At the same time, it is also necessary to be familiar with philosophy, theology and major political events worldwide.This atmosphere has been shaped for more than a century U.S.Journalism.During those decades, magazines were dedicated to promoting classical opera, elegant art, and religious theology, not cinema or popular health common sense.
What does this text mean?
A.News media is a concentrated expression of mainstream cultural outlook
B.Extensive reading can enrich our brains
C.The mainstream media has the responsibility to guide public taste
D.Self-help theory provides direction for the development of American journalism

b
Biographies, in essence, are records of human life activities and a special carrier of human life.Human life activities not only show the thirst for survival and development but also show the development and release of their own potential.The development and release of one's own potential is the creation of a force.Creation, including various forms, can be demonstrated by the politician's ability to govern the country and the world, philosophers and thinkers in the spiritual field, military strategists, and the field There are battles, scientists' inventions, writers, artists' talents, reformers' reformation of the living environment, etc.This is a magnificent picture of life, a challenge of vitality to inertia.Only in such a challenge can we maintain the vitality of life and create better conditions for the condensing of vitality.It is precisely this image of the vitality of life that is spread in Chinese classical literature.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.Biography is the most vivid record of human life activities
B.Chinese classical biographies show vitality from multiple perspectives
C.The exploitation of human potential includes many forms
D.Individual and overall creativity have different manifestations in biographies

c
In traditional Chinese concepts, the sculpture has always been regarded as an art form equivalent to painting; in traditional Chinese scholarship, there is only "painting" and not "sculpture".This kind of neglect in history led to the end of the 19th century At the beginning of the 20th century, a large number of stone carvings with high historical data research value were lost overseas, and today, the eyes of emerging collectors are only on the wealth of art, so the bronze, golden Buddha statues of the Yuan, Ming and Qing dynasties Prices soared all the way, and in the face of those ancient stone sculptures that truly reflected the Chinese sculpture culture and historical style, they behaved a bit timid and indecisive, which made people regrettable.
This text mainly talks about:
A.The importance of conceptualizing sculpture art
B.Reasons why the ancient stone carvings are not valued in China
C.The immature mentality of current sculpture collectors
D.The deviation between the price and value of sculpture collections

b
Humans have only known the defense effect of the city walls for a long time.From ancient times to now, I don't know how many offensive and defensive battles have been fought.When the Mongols began to fight in the world, the nomadic cavalry regiments who were good at the field were helpless against siege.I quickly mastered the siege tactics and integrated the siege weapons from various places to achieve a good result.Many sturdy towns were destroyed.The thinner walls of Europe at that time could not resist Mongolia.Human attacks, especially the Mongols, began to use a variety of powerful firearms, which were even more destructive.Since then, due to the improved firepower of artillery, the role of city walls has gradually disappeared from human history.
The text is intended to explain:
A.How the Mongolian Corps conquered Europe
B.How the city wall exited the stage of history
C.How the firearms played a role in the siege
D.How the Mongolian Nomadic Regiment adjusted its tactics

d
Global warming is a fine issued by God to mankind.Cheap and easy-to-use fossil fuels are one of the important sources of modern economic growth, but science has proven that this can bring disastrous climate change.What we have to face now The reality is that humans must pay for their own emissions.If there is only one country in the world, this matter is relatively simple.No matter how much the cost is, this country will ultimately bear it.But the problem is that there are many countries in the world with different national conditions and history.How exactly this huge ticket is distributed among countries has become the most hated new issue in global warming negotiations.In all countries, all emission reduction commitments they make will eventually have a price tag, the more promises The higher the price code.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The emission reduction cost share should be reasonably allocated according to the emissions of each country
B.Heavy emission reduction costs could drag global economic growth
C.Curbing global warming requires paying for huge economic growth
D.Benefits are the biggest crux of the global warming problem

d
Since the birth of humans in the wild wilderness of the earth, natural evolution has imprinted the mark of human activities.Primitive civilization, the ancestors worshiped nature, and mankind succumbed to the magical power of the universe; agricultural civilization, with the development of governance With the increasing awareness of the universe, mankind began to explore and use nature and transform nature on the basis of awe of nature; entering the industrial civilization, the pride of man's victory over nature has eroded people's nerves, and mankind began to endlessly seek resources from nature and unbridled to the earth Dumping garbage.Human's violation of nature is that nature has suffered severe trauma again and again, and it has made it ruthless revenge against humanity.
The text emphasizes:
A.Civilization process may not be consistent with the human's understanding of nature
B.Human's wrong attitude towards nature puts it in its current predicament
C.Awe of nature is a prerequisite for properly handling the relationship between humans and nature
D.Human beings should establish values that respect nature and develop harmoniously.

a
In 2005, the World Health Organization published a report titled `` Preventing Chronic Diseases: A Vital Investment '', one of which has a surprisingly large number related to China: $ 558 billion.Estimates of national income (by purchasing power parity) that will be lost due to premature death from heart disease, stroke, and diabetes by 2015.It is worth noting that statistics show that the vast majority of heart disease and stroke are related to diabetes.After demonstrating the seriousness of the problem, the report also gives a solution: if the chronic disease mortality rate can be reduced by 2% per year over the current trend over the next ten years, it will bring China a cumulative economic benefit of 36 billion U.S.dollars.
The text is intended to:
A.Emphasize the need to attach importance to the prevention and treatment of chronic diseases
B.Call for increased investment in disease prevention
C.Explain the relationship between sudden emergencies and diabetes
D.Exploring effective ways to reduce mortality from chronic diseases

a
Vitamin E is a vitamin dissolved in oil.It is an antioxidant that can scavenge oxygen free radicals, thereby protecting lipids on the cell membrane, and the oxidation of lipids is closely related to coronary heart disease, cancer, aging, etc.Vitamin E is an indispensable nutrient for the human body.But "need" does not mean that the bigger the better.Vitamin E deficiency rarely occurs in the population, and only a few people may have problems: people with bile deficiency or people with difficulty in fat metabolism; Rare genetic abnormalities lead to lack of vitamin E transfer protein; infants who are severely underweight due to premature birth.These conditions are not easy to occur in the population.
What is the point of this passage?
A.Normal people do not need to add vitamin E
B.The role of vitamin E should be properly understood
C.There is a misunderstanding of vitamin E
D.Pay special attention to people who may lack vitamin E

b
Traditional theories suggest that human ancestors were forced to leave the arboreal environment and chose to walk upright on the ground due to climate change and reduced trees.A new study suggests that early human upright walking originated from the rugged mountains of eastern and southern Africa today.The terrain was formed by a volcanic eruption and tectonic plate movement during the Pliocene period.Human ancestors were attracted by rocky terrain and canyons, which can provide good shelter habitats and opportunities to trap prey; this environment required early humans to stand The ability to walk and climb, so human ancestors eventually evolved into bipedal upright walking.
Which of the following is consistent with the conclusions of the latest study?
A.Climate change led early humans to choose to walk upright
B.Human ancestors chose to walk upright to better adapt to the terrain environment
C.Changes in geological conditions changed the way early ancestors of humans walked
D.Human ancestors were forced to leave the original living environment due to lack of food

a
According to the British Daily Mail, scientists and psychologists have long-unsolved a mystery-why do we forget what happened in childhood? This is the most carefree and happiest time in life.At present, two scientists believe they have solved the mystery.They pointed out that the rapid growth of cells in the brain's memory center at the beginning of life means that the brain memory cells that existed early The key links between them will be replaced by new ones, so people's childhood memories are unlikely to be restored.They believe that this can explain why humans have very few memories of childhood.In fact, it is impossible to recall childhood life.The details also have certain benefits, it can make people not often remember some unpleasant events that happened during the infancy.
According to this passage, the main reasons for missing childhood memories are?
A.The rapid development of brain memory cells
B.Memory fades over time
C.Low language skills early in life
D.Children have self-protection mechanisms

c
Neutrinos are basic particles that play a very important role in the origin and evolution of the universe in the macro.Because there is no mass and no charge, the interaction with other substances is extremely weak, which makes the neutrino's trajectory inactive.It will change.Those neutrinos from the distant universe, from the edge of the black hole, or from the origin of the cosmic rays, can tell humans where the "source" is, and even let us explore the black hole.
The most suitable for the text title of this paragraph is:
A.Surprising existence
B.Maverick neutrinos
C.Neutrinos: Messengers of the Universe
D.Unreachable: "Invisible" Neutrinos

c
Due to the disappearance of the ice age and the warming of the climate, the Mesolithic paintings were transferred from caves to open-air rock walls.With the advancement of hunting tools and the enhancement of the conquest of nature, the image of animals gradually decreased in paintings and lost their original wildness And human activity began to become the main object of painting depiction.Rock paintings are mainly distributed in the Lavender region of Northern Europe and Spain.They are mainly based on human hunting, and are characterized by the movement and speed of characters, animals.Expressed as a silhouette effect or band-like style.Emphasize the dynamics with elongated limbs and exaggerated movements, expressing the tension and vitality in the hunting scene.The composition has a strong plot and lively atmosphere, but ignores the details and uses simple colors.
According to this text, the following statement about the Mesolithic petroglyph is correct:
A.Delicate and delicate style
B.Representation of wild animals
C.Reproduced human life
D.Colorful and rich

c
One of the biggest problems that an enterprise needs to reform is that its property rights belong to the state, which results in the contradiction of the personalization of state-owned enterprise operations.As a result, corporate managers are not responsible for the enterprise.It is difficult for enterprises to achieve economic benefits.In the reform, state-owned enterprises Began to face the market, and the government also gave other full autonomy, but this has also led some state-owned enterprise executives to strengthen insider control, making state-owned enterprises a corrupt channel for some people to fake public funds.The public capital absorbed through the shareholding reform is due to the strength is weak and it is impossible to check and balance this effect.Obviously, after the establishment of the mixed ownership model.If the insider control mechanism of the state-owned enterprise has not been changed, its effect can only be limited.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Depersonalization of operations makes it difficult for state-owned enterprises to achieve economic benefits
B.Mixed ownership model can effectively promote the reform of state-owned enterprises
C.Public capital forces cannot balance the insider control mechanism of state-owned enterprises
D.Mixed ownership is the key to successful SOE management system reform

b
Data refers to massive data that is so large that it is difficult to obtain, manage, process, and organize it into useful information through general software tools.It has four characteristics of large amount, high speed, diversity and value, and is considered to be the "new century of mankind" "New wealth", value "comparable to oil", developed countries have used the development and use of big data as an important goal to win a new round of commanding heights.
The text is intended to explain:
A.There is still technical difficulty in processing big data
B.Huge value is hidden behind big data
C.Developed countries have taken a step forward in the development and utilization of big data
D.Development and utilization of big data has become a hot spot in a national competition

c
Politics and economy to daily life, from globalization to regional renaissance, practical problems to expressions, and many crises and even crises are all closely related to the factor of space.This is the earthquake and tsunami disaster, border armed conflict, real estate Industry collapse, road congestion, and increasing space competition
The text is intended to explain:
A.Economic globalization brings many space crises
B.Natural and man-made space crises are becoming increasingly prominent
C.Space is becoming more important today
D.Increased population brings many space problems

a
The ocean is a natural extension of the terrestrial area through the river basin.In the marine development activities, the production links of marine fishing, maritime transportation, marine mineral development, and mariculture are jointly completed in the sea areas and watersheds; while the sea salt industry and seawater utilization are completely in All production links are completed on land.In addition, the development of modern science and technology promotes the advancement of marine science and technology, the development of marine industry, the development of marine high-tech and the emergence of new products, also promotes the advancement of science and technology in the river basin and the development of related industries.Products are developed interactively through this technological extension.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Dependence of the marine economy on the spatial distribution of the basin economy
B.The development of modern technology has promoted the progress of the sea and land economy
C.Marine economy and river basin economy are industrially intertwined
D.The development of modern technology has promoted the convergence of sea and land economies

a
The sedimentary standard refers to the actual allowable concentration of specific chemical substances in the sediment that does not harm the quality of benthic organisms or overlying water bodies.It is not only a perfection of the water quality standard, but also the basis for evaluating sediment pollution and ecological risks.Basic elements of eco-environmental quality assessment.Research on sedimentary benchmarks abroad began in the 1980s, but a complete and unified sedimentary benchmarking system has not yet been formed.Due to the migration, transformation, and bioaccumulation of pollutants in sediments, and The complexity of the interface process still lacks key research methods.Many domestic scientists have done a lot of useful explorations, but the research is still fragmented, and no national authority has issued a lake sediment reference standard.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Urgent need to make up for the lack of existing sediment reference systems
B.Sediment reference is very important but the system is not studied
C.Sediment reference is an important research content of lake water environment
D.There have been many advances in related research on sediment baseline

b
Some people's heart stops beating, but it is actually declared dead by law, but it can be saved, and some other functions of the body have completely disappeared, but the heart can still beat because of the role of medical equipment, which is actually dead.Man, legally still thinks he is alive.
What is the correct understanding of the above paragraph?
A.The idea that the heart is dominated by the human body is difficult to change, and laws based on him are also difficult to change
B.Using the heart to stop beating as the basis for determining death may cause conflicts between law and reality
C.Death cannot be judged by whether the heartbeat is stopped, otherwise it will make the law enforcer very embarrassed
D.With the development of modern science and technology, the law can no longer make a clear judgment on whether the human body is disabled.

c
Any traditional form of resources has a certain amount of reserves on the earth, but information resources are not only unlimited, they will never be exhausted, but they are developing faster and faster; any traditional form of resources can only be enjoyed by one family, such as one ton Party A used coal, Party B could no longer use it, and this was not the case for information resources.
Which of the following statements is correct?
A.Traditional resources will one day run out, while information resources are inexhaustible and inexhaustible
B.Traditional resources have limited reserves and will not develop, while information resources can be shared by all parties
C.The reason why information resources are particularly valued is that they are infinite and shareable
D.The unlimited and shared nature of information resources determines that it will necessarily replace traditional forms of resources

a
If the human brain is the same as the development of science and technology, it is a disaster.Although there is a theory that although the "cloning human" is the same as the ontology gene, it will also be different from the ontology in many ways due to acquired factors, and strictly speaking It is also meaningless to have the same genes.Everyone is fit and has an IQ of 150.This is like replacing a thousand beautiful pictures with a beautiful picture, without life.
What is the correct understanding of the main point stated in the above paragraph?
A.Defending the principle of "diversity", believing that "cloning people" will destroy the diversity of human beings themselves
B.Think that everyone is unique, and this is precisely human dignity and value
C.Human understanding of the world is endless, and genetic research needs to be further improved
D.Oppose cloning technology, believing that this technology violates the laws of nature and its consequences are unimaginable

c
Among the 40 countries participating in the "third international mathematics and science", the United States ranked 28th in mathematics, England ranked 25th, Scotland ranked 29th, and the 4 richest countries and regions in East Asia ( (Singapore, South Korea, Japan, Hong Kong) ranks in the top 4 in mathematics, but U.S.children's education funding is 3 times that of South Korea.The Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Slovenia are significantly better than their economically developed western neighbors, despite their Of education funding is far lower than in Western countries.
What is the correct understanding of the main points expressed in the above text?
A.Generally speaking, the level of children's education in a country depends on the amount of education funding
B.Generally speaking, the level of children's education in a country does not depend on how much the country spends
C.The state's expenditure on education and the relationship with children's education level are not as large as people think
D.The relationship between state spending on education and children's education level cannot be said to be small

b
For a long time, the planned economy has cultivated a consciousness that as long as it is public, it is justified.The consumption of the people may be reduced as much as possible, but in a market economy, this concept has been reversed.Government buses are the most inefficient Consumption because civil servants use cars and other people (people) come to pay.Everyone else spends money for personal consumption is a waste compared to personal consumption, because the rights are asymmetric.
What is the correct understanding of the so-called "upside-down"?
A.Public consumption is not legitimate, and the consumption of the people should be expanded as much as possible
B.The right to consume must be symmetrical with responsibility, otherwise it is a waste
C.People's consumption is legitimate, public consumption should be minimized
D.Oppose consumption by others, and advocate that consumption must be paid for by yourself

b
SOHO is recovering its ability to speak.Space scientists today say they have re-established contact with the Sun and Sun Deep Detector (SOHO).The probe was spinning helplessly 6 weeks before that.They said that the Satellites observing the sun have responded to signals sent from Australia yesterday.
What is in line with the meaning of this article?
A.SOHO is resuming its ability to speak, indicating that the energy of the observation satellite has not been exhausted
B.The failure of the Detector (SOHO) on the Observing Satellite has been preliminarily ruled out and is now operational
C.SOHO's six-week failure has been ruled out, and the observing satellites have resumed their ability to accept ground signals
D.Six-week detection of malfunctioning observation satellites (SOHO) promises to restore the scientific role

a
The eye is an important sensory organ for humans and animals.The human eye obtains not only much more information from other sensory organs than other sensory organs, but also some other sensory organs cannot obtain.According to research, 9% of the information that enters the human eye from the outside world Ten comes from the eyes.
Is the following statement not in line with the meaning of this paragraph?
A.Of the various sensory organs of humans and animals, the eye is the most important sensory organ
B.As a sensory organ, the importance of the human eye is not just about getting the most information
C.Part of the information that enters the human brain from the outside can only be obtained through the eyes
D.Less than 10% of the information obtained through the ears, nose, tongue, and body

b
In Sweden, known as the "model" for high-benefit countries, non-workers receive almost the same benefits as wages and income, and do not pay taxes.Generous sick leave pay means that workers can get 90% of their wages if they are sick.Although the Swedes are the healthiest citizens in Europe, employees spend an average of no less than 50 days a year on sick leave, accounting for almost one-fifth of a year's work.
Which of the following statements does not make sense?
A.Welfare systems in some countries represented by Sweden need reform
B.The welfare system is not a system conducive to social progress
C.The welfare system has become a heavy burden on some European governments
D.The pursuit of fairness will affect social development to some extent

b
According to a report by the Macro Task Force of the Institute of Economics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, from the historical practice of China's economic cycle floating, after the economic growth is less than double digits, the adjustment period is up to two years, and the economy will rebound rapidly, even like 1981, 1990 Such a serious situation is also picking up in two years.By comparison, the current decline in economic growth has been more than three years, and various indicators are still lower-it is pale and weak to explain with short-cycle fluctuations.
What does the text above mean?
A.The continuous fluctuation of the economic development process is an objective law of China's economic development
B.China's economy bids farewell to the double-digit growth period and enters a new adjustment cycle
C.Through adjustment, a great form of rapid economic growth in China will definitely emerge
D.The decline period of China's GDP is too long and no reasonable explanation can be found

c
In urban planning and construction, we must give top priority to environmental benefits while taking into account economic benefits.When economic and environmental benefits conflict, we must resolutely obey environmental benefits.This is because urban construction is a century-long plan, and once the urban environment is affected Damage can be difficult to recover, and sometimes even impossible, with long-term catastrophic consequences.
The following statement is in line with the text?
A.Urban construction should reflect economic development as the center
B.In general, cities should not be used as economic centers
C.Environmental benefits come first in urban construction
D.Economic construction will inevitably damage the urban environment

b
In recent years, with the use of biological gene technology in the production and processing of many crops, experts in various fields have expressed their opinions, some agree and some oppose, and most responsible scientists agree with a serious idea: the development of genetically modified food and long-term And there are indeed risks associated.
The following statement is clearly inconsistent with the attitude of "most responsible scientists"?
A.Don't say that the genetic modification is not harmful because it does not have serious negative effects
B.There are no serious problems with genetically modified plants, and there is no basis for considering their negative effects
C.In the absence of scientific arbitration, the government should not be required to tell everyone that technology is safe
D.There is a good reason for calling for the suspension of field planting of genetic crops worldwide

a
People with strong vitality are those with self-deprecating ability.Self-deprecating can fight cancer.How much garbage should be thrown from the living room in a lifetime! However, people often cannot remove rubbish from their hearts.What would happen if they never throw trash out of their homes.However, they often cannot be frightened by the clogging in their hearts.
Which of the following statements does not fit the above article?
A.Self-deprecating to prevent, cure cancer and make people healthy
B.A nation can thrive if it can despise its weaknesses
C.If you want to progress, you must know the old things in your mind
D.It is not terrible to have a craving, but it cannot be ignored

d
The Old City of Beiting is the capital of the northern court of the Tang Dynasty, the capital of the northern court, the governing house of the northern court, the scale of which is the largest on the northern foot of the Tianshan Mountains and the second on the whole Xinjiang.After years of vicissitudes, although it has been transformed into The splendid ruins of the dead world can still be glimpsed into the magnificent weather of the city when it is heavy, and the majestic atmosphere of Takagaki.This millennium ancient city is also the seat of the important military and political institution of the Tang Dynasty, the Han Navy and the palace of Tingzhou.Its eternal sign is located in the county of Jimusar, Xinjiang Changji Hui Autonomous Prefecture, and it is only 12 kilometers south of the county.It is a national key cultural relic protection unit.
From this text, it is impossible to know which aspect of the Beiting Old City??
A.Geographical location
B.Cultural values
C.City functions
D.Demographic changes

b
There is a difference between science and art: science emphasizes the latest discoveries, the latest laws, and equations, and the pattern is always refurbished and always runs straight forward.Art is not so convenient, no matter there are existing laws, The equation can be used for plagiarism and application, so that the art can form a relay race-like progress like scientific research.In this subtle and subtle meaning, the father cannot teach the son, the mother cannot instruct the daughter, and everything has to be done by itself.
What does "this" mean?
A.Activities such as artistic creation or appreciation
B.The difference between science and art
C.All artistic achievements in China
D.Stunts passed down from generation to generation in the family

b
Today, as the pace of society and life accelerates, people rarely take the time to read the newspapers and periodicals carefully to capture the spark of collective consciousness and grasp the pulse of social imagination.The search engine on the Internet has provided convenience for people who are difficult to get out of it.Internet users only need to point a finger to understand what happened in society and the hot spots that attracted the most attention.However, Internet search and related discussions will quickly become "history" due to the continuous update of network information.It will be a creative job to explore how to keep these "temporary" as the trajectory of social development, so that it is now and in the future a unique window for understanding society.
If this text is the beginning of an article, what is the author most likely next?
A.Guide popular science and consciously use search engines to understand society
B.Introduce some attempts in collecting and sorting out network hotspot information
C.Explore ways to make the web intuitive and directly understand society
D.Analyze the potential hazards of online reading characterized by fast, piecemeal

c
The World Expo will have an exclusive saying: "Everything starts from the World Expo." The major innovations and lifestyles of human beings in all modern industrial civilizations have been born and started by the Expo, ranging from electric lights, televisions, hot dogs, ice cream, zipper, to resorts., Clubs, theme parks, have entered the homes of countless people since the Expo, and have changed the lives of countless people.Because "everything starts from the World Expo", it is commendable to get a corner of the exhibition space at the World Expo.It is one of the thousands of miles, and it symbolizes the era of affirming all aspects of a brand.
What is the most accurate summary of the main point of this text?
A.Explain that the Expo will promote the progress of human civilization
B.Introduction of the huge impact of Expo on human life
C.Emphasizing the importance of participating in the Expo for brand promotion
D.Explain the origin and connotation of "Everything starts at the Expo"

b
People from different linguistic groups and cultures need to communicate with each other, and they must find communication tools.At one level, they can rely on specially trained professionals who can speak and interpret more than two languages.But this is inconvenient, and the time and cost spent are expensive.Therefore, throughout the history, the common language has been constantly appearing, Latin in the ancient and medieval world, French in the West for centuries, and in Africa Many areas are Swahili and in the second half of the 20th century English was spoken in most parts of the world.
What does this text mean?
A.The limitations of translation as a communication tool are obvious
B.The common language is an effective way to deal with language differences
C.Communication tools change with the needs of the times and levels
D.Humans have long searched for a common language

a
In our youth, we communicate with our companions to reveal their own joy, anger, sorrow, joy, and promote emotional exchanges so that we can be accepted, understood, cared for, and loved by others, especially intimate contacts, so that people feel themselves There are friends and people who can be attached to them, which results in consolation from the heart, avoiding the feeling of loneliness and loss in the heart.
What does this passage mainly describe?
A.Interpersonal communication plays an important role in youth psychology
B.The important role of interpersonal communication in youth
C.The important role of interpersonal communication on the physical and mental health of young people
D.Interpersonal communication can promote youth's emotional communication

d
Since the Summit of the Americas was held in Miami last December, Latin American countries have accelerated the pace of establishing free trade zones, and the integration process has entered a new period.
What does this passage not reflect?
A.The venue of the Americas Summit
B.Role of the Americas Summit
C.Latin America integration process enters a new era
D.Latin America integration

b
Real pioneering talents not only have a full load during working hours, but also work more efficiently in spare time, and also take up a certain amount of normal rest time during the stressful period; while eliminated talents do not use spare time to study and study problems.Moreover, normal working hours are also used less, which cannot produce a value effect that is beneficial to society.The difference is so obvious.
What does this passage say?
A.Hard work is the mother of success
B.Different types of talents use time differently
C.Pioneering talents are good at using time
D.Eliminated talents are not good at using time

b
China is one of the countries with the most abundant biological species in the world, and higher plant and wild animal species account for about 10% of the world.However, environmental pollution and ecological damage have caused damage to the living environment of animals and plants, and the number of species has decreased sharply.Some species Extinct.According to statistics, about 200 species of higher plants have become extinct in the past 50 years, and an average of 4 species are extinct each year; about 400 species of wild animals are in an endangered or threatened state.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Animal and plant extinction speeds up year by year
B.Endangered animals or plants due to environmental degradation
C.China is rich in animal and plant species
D.Higher plants need more protection than wild animals

d
Animal skulls contain calcium, which is difficult to dissolve in water.Some people have done experiments that used 5 kg of pork bones and 5 kg of water and boiled in a pressure cooker for 10 hours.As a result, the calcium content in a bowl of bone soup was only 10 Milligrams, less than 1/20 of the calcium content of a bag of milk.There is also a large amount of bone fat dissolved in bone soup, which can cause other health problems when consumed regularly.Therefore, drinking bone soup may not be the best dietary treatment for osteoporosis.It is important The focus is on diet diversification, and more intake of calcium-rich foods such as milk, tofu, shrimp skin, laver, etc.
The text is intended to explain:
A.There are pros and cons to drinking bone soup
B.Preventing osteoporosis is the key
C.How to scientifically and effectively supplement calcium
D.Diversified diet is the most scientific in daily life

b
Roves had held a senior position in the Navy before taking office.One of his good friends asked him about the Navy's plan to establish a submarine base on an island.Roosevelt looked around mysteriously and asked in a low voice."Can you keep it a secret?" "Of course I can!" The friend was very sure."So," Roosevelt said with a smile, "I can too."
This text tells us:
A.Detours can also serve the purpose
B.Humor can subtly solve problems
C.Adherence to principles and flexibility are not contradictory
D.Don't do anything to others

b
The earliest foundation of Beijing City was Youzhou City in the Tang Dynasty.In the following thousand years, Beijing has had four large-scale developments, or expansions, or new repairs, respectively in the Yuan Dynasty in the Jin Dynasty and in the Yuan Dynasty.In Dadu, the inner city built in the early Ming Dynasty and the outer city built after the middle of the middle period, this is how Beijing's convex-shaped city walls were completed.The Qing Dynasty inherited Beijing from the Ming Dynasty and did not change the overall layout of the city until modern times .
According to this text, the following statement is correct:
A.The first large-scale development of Beijing was in the Yuan Dynasty
B.Beijing City expanded the outer city in the early Ming Dynasty
C.The convex-shaped city wall of Beijing was formed in the Ming Dynasty
D.The overall layout of Beijing City has not changed significantly in the history

c
Once, Socrates poured water across the river, stroked his feet, and fell into the water.He was desperately struggling, yelling for help, and a fisherman not only didn't save him, but turned and left.Finally, his students saved Him.Later the fisherman crossed the river and fell into the water.Socrates and his students happened to take a walk near the river and saved him with a bamboo pole.When the students knew that the fisherman was the one who saved them, they all regretted it, but Socrates said, "No, you should save him.This is the difference between us and him." This text tells us:
This text mainly introduces:
A.Do nt be small
B.Good is good, good is bad
C.The principle of life should be consistent
D.Purdue beings are the mission of philosophers

a
In the future, the intersection and integration of technologies will become more and more obvious.The direction of the new round of technology and industrial revolution will not only depend on one or two types of disciplines or a single technology, but rather a high degree of intersection and depth in multidisciplinary and multi-technology fields.The trend of convergence and technological convergence determines that strategic emerging industries cannot and should not develop in isolation, but that they are not only conducive to promoting the innovation of traditional industries, but also to the rise of emerging industries in the future.Moreover, strategic emerging industries and other integration between industries and within strategic emerging industries is also a general trend, which will make the boundaries between industries more and more blurred, and the overall competitiveness will become more and more fierce.
The text mainly says:
A.The development of strategic emerging industries needs to conform to the new trend of technology integration
B.The boundaries of the future industry will become blurred, but the overall competitiveness will be enhanced
C.Improving comprehensive competitiveness will be the main goal of future industrial development
D.Strategic emerging industries are the main force to promote a new round of technology and industrial revolution

d
The development of modern agriculture cannot be separated from the two basic requirements of ecological safety and product safety.Therefore, the prevention and control of agricultural pollution should be one of the important tasks of the development of modern agriculture.Unlike industrial pollution and urban pollution, pollution involves a wide range of areas and is highly concealed.The assessment is difficult, and it is not suitable to establish a punishment, type mechanism.At the same time, because the farmers' income level is relatively low, it is impossible to carry out "pollution charges".Therefore, it is necessary to establish an incentive / economic compensation t / system to fundamentally improve health The enthusiasm of the blue robber BJ.This compensation mechanism is essentially to compensate the cost of ecological construction and protection (including the loss of abandonment of development opportunities).
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.Agricultural pollution prevention is an important task for the development of modern agriculture
B.There are different approaches to treating agricultural pollution and industrial pollution
C.The agricultural development model is a prerequisite for controlling agricultural pollution
D.Agricultural pollution prevention and control should establish the concept of incentive compensation

c
In a market economy, if an enterprise wants to achieve its own profit, it must first produce or provide something that is valuable to others.If the company disregards the interests of others, it uses fraudulent means to conduct improper exchanges, not only will not be tolerated by society In addition, the market economy inherently requires companies to follow exchange standards of integrity, fairness, and responsibility.These exchange standards contain the moral power to maintain and promote the development of enterprises.In other words, companies without moral power do not treat others.Or socially responsible enterprises will eventually be eliminated.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Improving corporate morality is an inherent requirement for the healthy development of a market economy
B.Improving corporate ethics is to enhance corporate responsibility and mission
C.Promotion of corporate morality is a necessary condition for the sustainable development of modern enterprises
D.Improving corporate morality is a way for companies to avoid legal punishment

b
The reading crisis and obstacles exist to varying degrees in both developed and less developed countries, and show a more consistent pattern.A survey report on the "reading crisis" shows that people are gradually moving away from books and closer to television and electronic media.There is also a research report entitled "Reading or Not Reading" that states that people spend less and less time reading, and teens are the group with the least reading.Compared with the past 20 years, households have reduced the cost of books.Reading comprehension skills are degrading; reading quality is increasingly affected by readers' social, cultural, and economic conditions.
The most accurate summary of this text is:
A.Research on the status quo of reading has drawn attention from all walks of life
B.Worrying reading status around the world
C.Adolescent reading ability and reading interest generally decline
D.Television and electronic media pose a greater threat to reading

a
Fundamental changes have taken place in China's investment environment in recent years.Labor costs have risen, labor protection has been strengthened, land costs have risen, environmental protection costs have risen, energy resource use costs have risen, preferential policies have been canceled, and foreign-funded enterprises need to meet with higher costs.Competition between domestic-funded enterprises is a fact and trend that foreign-funded enterprises must face up to.However, the increase in the cost of factors and energy resources is accompanied by the improvement of production methods and economic structures, which means that the level of economic development and the improvement of people's living standards also mean the market Expansion of scale.The abolition of preferential policies is not a discriminatory policy against foreign capital, but rather a national treatment.It is to squeeze out inefficient enterprises and give the market a chance to compete fairly.
It can be inferred from this text:
A.China's investment environment is transforming towards a healthy development
B.Increasing production costs can prompt foreign capital to pay more attention to efficiency
C.Preferential policies for eliminating foreign investment are responsible for domestic and foreign enterprises
D.Foreign-funded enterprises should seize good opportunities for development in recent years

a
The principle of prudence is not disrespect for science, but a pragmatic attitude to the application of science.The achievement of scientific research and its social recognition often represent huge economic benefits or even the lifetime achievements of scientists.It is difficult to guarantee that scientists will not relax scientific principles.Violation of regulations; the socialization of scientific research results are often linked to the interests of enterprises, and companies will inevitably conceal hazards when they seek to profit; due to the unknown factors of scientific research and the difficulty and time span of dangerous discovery, even scientists and enterprises uphold scientific conscience, It is also difficult to guarantee that the potential harm of scientific research results can be found.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Application of scientific results should be cautious
B.The potential dangers of the application of scientific research results cannot be predicted
C.The economic benefits attached to science corrupt the spirit of science
D.Moral principles are the primary principles for scientific research

c
Scientists have long found that some people respond differently to certain drugs than other patients.For example, a certain type of muscle relaxant for anesthesia can prevent a specific person from breathing.Later, scientists discovered that this phenomenon is caused by such people Having specific genes.This also raises the question: Can studying genetic differences between people promote the development of higher-level treatments in medicine, that is, "tailoring drugs" based on individual genes? Scientists have identified a number of genes that interact with drugs, but it's premature to realize them.
According to this text, the following is true:
A.The results of genetic research have been widely used in medicine
B.Improper use of medicines can cause genetic mutations in the human body
C.Human genetic differences may be reflected in drug responses
D.The hypothesis that genes and drugs can interact has not been proven

c
Life cannot be perfect, and it is difficult for us to find a flower that is perfect.Although the human body is generally left-right symmetrical, this symmetry is far from complete.The thickness of each hand is different.One eye is larger or rounder than the other, and the shape of the two earlobes is different.The most obvious is that each person has only one heart, usually left.
This text is the beginning of an article, and the next thing the article is most likely to tell is:
A.Many ways to make up for asymmetries
B.Imperfections in life can be transformed into perfection
C.Asymmetry can also produce a sense of harmony and balance
D.The physiological basis of the asymmetry in the human body

a
The shortage of water resources has always been a long-term, trending problem that China faces in the process of population growth, urbanization and industrialization, and has become a major bottleneck restricting China's economic development.Experts believe that seawater desalination is the most economical in coastal and coastal areas.The most practical and flexible water crisis solution.With the advancement of technology, the cost of seawater desalination will gradually decrease, and eventually it will reach the level of competition with urban tap water whose cost is gradually rising, thus being promoted on a large scale.
The main emphasis of this passage is:
A.The necessity and feasibility of desalination
B.Economics and practicality of desalination
C.Water crisis restricting China's economic development
D.Effective measures to address the water crisis in coastal areas

c
From the point of view of the history of landscape painting, although the Northern and Southern Song emperors are all named Zhao, the style of painting is very different, and they are usually divided into two parts; the Ming Dynasty is Zhu Yuanzhang's world.The Miguel surname is Aixinjueluo, and the ruler is neither The family and the family have a time span of more than 540 years, but they are often told together.This is because political history and art history do not have to be parallel.In other words, the main trend of painting history in the Ming and Qing Dynasties is almost completely absent.Under the influence of the style of the modern painting, the copy is flourishing, and the creativity is diminished, unlike the Song Dynasty paintings, which have significantly different characteristics.
The following statements are consistent with the original:
A.Emperors of the Song Dynasty rarely intervened directly in the painting
B.The paintings of the Yuan Dynasty inherited the characteristics of the paintings of the Song Dynasty
C.Similarities between Ming and Qing paintings
D.Pay special attention to the background of the times in painting research

b
Historically, the distribution of languages in the world reflects the distribution of power in the world.The most widely used languages, such as English, Spanish, French, Arabic, and Russian, are or have been languages of empires that have actively promoted other Nations use their language.Changes in the distribution of power have produced changes in language use.Both Britain and France have insisted on using their own language in their colonies, but most of the former colonies have worked hard to replace the empire with native languages after independence.Language and achieved varying degrees of success.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The native language is an important symbol of national independence
B.Linguistic use is a manifestation of political power
C.Using language to promote language is unsustainable
D.Colonialism has a profound impact on language distribution

d
A strong government obviously needs to have a variety of hard powers, such as the government's financial capabilities and organizational capabilities.Without these hard powers, the government will become a weak government, and a macroeconomic crisis, market problems, and social crisis will occur.There is no way to solve it.To increase the soft power of the government, we must increase the institutionalization of political power, improve the publicity of finances, and strengthen social management.Improving our soft power can better reduce the resistance of social management.Reduce the cost of social management and improve the performance of social management.
What does this text mean?
A.Government's hard power is the foundation of a country's development
B.Soft power improvement helps to increase the level of hard power
C.Economic development is a powerful basic guarantee for a country
D.Government development requires both hard and soft power

b
Each of us should have this attitude towards life: if you give meaning to your work, you will feel happy no matter how heavy the work is, and no matter how high or low your self-set performance is, it will make people have fun at work.If you do nt like to do it, Any simple thing becomes difficult and boring.When you yell that the work is tiring, even if you don't work hard, you will feel exhausted, otherwise it is very different.If you regard work as a kind of fun, life is Heaven; if you view work as a burden, life is hell.
What's the most appropriate summary of this text?
A.People should choose what they are interested in
B.Finding fun at work makes life better
C.Setting goals at work makes work fun
D.People are prone to fatigue and boredom when doing tasks they don't like

b
Li Shangyin said that the wine is good for Chengdu, Yong Tao said, Since Chengdu has become a shochu, I do nt think about it, I am more like Changan.He praises Chengdu wine.Objectively speaking, Chengdu is indeed favored by the god of wine: Some weakly acidic yellow clays have strong viscosity, good water retention, and low iron and calcium metal ions.They are the best soil for winemaking.The high-quality water source formed by groundwater and glacial meltwater infiltrates the soul of fine wine.And the basin The medium-humid climate is particularly conducive to the proliferation of microorganisms in the wine cellar and provides a unique external environment for winemaking.With a long history, the stacking is not only the deepness of the wine cellar, the richness of the distiller's grains, the mash of the liquor, but also the winemaking and selling wine The drinker enjoys the mentality of life leisurely, which makes Chengdu's wine brew a mellow fragrance and rhyme.
What's the most appropriate summary of this text?
A.Chengdu Fine Wine has been famous since the Tang Dynasty
B.Unique geographical and cultural conditions have created Chengdu wine
C.Origin's life philosophy shapes the soul of wine culture
D.The section first talked about Chengdu's fine wine from the perspective of geography and climate, and from the perspective of culture, so choose B.

c
The clear answers to the two questions, "What is good political life?" And "How to achieve good political life?" Are the legal basis for the existence of political philosophy.As a representative of early Western Marxism, "Yes" Gramsci s answer respects Marx s basic approach, that is, only the political life that realizes the comprehensive and free emancipation of man is the best political life; and in the how dimension, Gramsci proposed the path of cultural hegemony based on the actual situation in Western Europe.
What is the most appropriate summary of this text?
A.The basic content of Gramsci's political philosophy
B.Gramsci's political philosophy is representative of early Marxism
C.Gramsci's political philosophy inherits, enriches, and develops Marxism
D.Political philosophy requires not only good planning, but also methods of realization

c
The earth itself stores a wealth of energy, and natural disasters such as thunderstorms, floods, typhoons, tsunamis, earthquakes can cause huge damage.Some physicists have discovered the natural destructive power of the earth, the military significance and value of its influence, and by continuously studying nature The characteristics and laws of the phenomenon, trying to grasp the impact of natural disasters on the military, and using natural energy through some physical methods, such as artificially creating strong winds, rainfall, lightning, tides, tsunami, fog, etc., can achieve military offensive and The purpose of defense; the use of artificial lighting methods can effectively drive heavy clouds and reduce the energy and time of lightning so that the command and control facilities of military operations are not disturbed.
What's the most appropriate summary of this text?
A.All countries focus on the use of geophysical technology to improve military strength
B.The natural destructive power of the earth is two-sided and cannot be attributed to disasters unilaterally
C.Geophysical technology opens up new directions for the effective use of natural energy in the military field
D.Technology in the house of the earth is an indispensable important military technology in modern military development

c
People see others in an emergency situation without rescue, not because of the loss of human nature, but because other people are present, reducing their sense of responsibility, thereby suppressing people's motivation for rescue.This kind of decentralized mentality, also known as bystander The effect of individual responsibility becomes unclear, so the sense of responsibility dilutes, and things eventually happen in a way that everyone thinks it will not happen.Because of the "spread of responsibility", it is not right to see what is happening, and to see the evil that comes from death.Feelings and guilt will also spread to other people.The risk of a person's moral evaluation is greatly reduced, and the intensity of the moral condemnation he feels is greatly reduced, so it is entirely possible to adopt the same attitude in the next similar situation.And behavior.
What does this text mainly introduce?
A.Measures to avoid moral indifference
B.Causes of Moral Indifference
C.The psychological mechanism of the bystander effect
D.The background environment in which the onlooker effect is emerging

b
"Shake a Dating", "Shake a Shake to Find a Hotel", "Shake a Shake K Song", etc.have become the new lifestyle of people in the era of smartphones.However, the places shook out during this "shake shake" are often different from actual There are many differences, ranging from tens of meters to hundreds of meters.This is often a problem for users in large cities with densely distributed buildings.With the development of Internet technology, cloud computing may This problem provides a solution.Experts believe that cloud computing can provide positioning accuracy correction services, which combined with positioning navigation promotes location services that can achieve a positioning accuracy of 1 meter.As the main theme of the information industry, cloud computing brings people's lives With unexpected changes, it is increasingly serving various groups and even changing the consumption pattern of the entire society.
What does this text say?
A.A new era of confusion in the smartphone era
B.Cloud computing makes precise positioning possible
C.Information industry guides lifestyle changes
D.Location services affect social consumption patterns

c
Thirty years ago, experts were still confused about the issue of global warming or cooling.They could not tell whether the future world was an ice bank or a greenhouse.In 1975, the first sophisticated computer models It shows that if the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere doubles, the global temperature will rise by about three degrees.However, at that time, scientists and the general public were still calm.For some time, some researchers even thought that excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere With fertile farmland around the world, farmers will usher in a prosperous age.
From this text, can we launch?
A.Scientific research depends on data to avoid speculation
B.Not all scientific research is instructive to agriculture
C.The severity of global warming was unexpected
D.Experts' judgment on climate warming is different from now

a
The advent of more than half a meter of carbon nanotubes has made it an important step towards application.The most important application of carbon nanotubes is to make "strong, tough, light and cheap" materials.Spider silk in natural materials It is the strongest, and the toughness of carbon nanotube fibers exceeds that of spider silk.Such materials are very important in the aerospace field.In addition, carbon nanotubes have a unique structure and conductivity that can be used at the nanoscale Electronic devices will be smaller and more sensitive than traditional electronic devices.However, the general carbon nanotubes have different lengths, different structure types and conductivity, and it is difficult to use them to produce devices with consistent structure and performance on a large scale.However, now The ultra-long carbon nanotubes overcome this problem and become a huge breakthrough.
The text is intended to explain the carbon nanotubes?
A.Application prospects
B.Physical properties
C.Structural performance
D.Research breakthroughs

d
In the gold standard currency system, central banks of various countries mainly focus on gold reserves, and rarely actively interfere in the amount of the market.Prices, interest rates, credit, fiscal and trade balances can basically adjust themselves.National currencies have their own legal benchmarks for gold content, which hardly exist The problem of exchange rate fluctuations.In the absence of large-scale wars and revolutions in the past half-century, international trade has flourished unprecedentedly, and global capital has flowed freely.The industrial revolution and urbanization, in the first wave of globalization, transformed the results were quickly pushed to all corners of the world.
What is the main point of this passage?
A.The gold standard currency system has unique advantages
B.The gold standard currency system is the foundation of Western civilization
C.The formation of the gold standard monetary system was inseparable from the industrial revolution
D.The gold standard monetary system has pushed Western civilization to a new height

a
The economist Daniel McFadden has analyzed people's decision-making process in depth.In his research, every choice of people can be seen as a choice among a limited number of possibilities.Everyone has a utility function.The purpose is to use the maximum utility.For example, whether to go to work walking, cycling or riding is an optimization problem involving multiple characteristics.It includes the characteristics: actual expenditure, travel time, waiting time, comfort, etc.People can according to themselves We compare the different features to determine the best way.
What does this text mean?
A.The principle of maximum utility affects every decision people make
B.The best way to solve a problem is often determined by personal preference
C.People's decision-making process is not only linear but also multi-dimensional
D.Different people make different decisions under the same conditions

d
The museum's key exhibition hall basically has no divided space, so as to ensure that the exhibition hall is unobstructed and spacious.And the obvious specimens are placed in the most eye-catching position of the exhibition hall, which allows the audience to see the most exciting places as soon as they enter the exhibition area The display.In each large space, the appropriate use of the wrong layer method opens up an interactive area.It is dedicated to introducing relevant scientific knowledge, and this wrong layer is also a good viewing angle.
According to the article, what are the characteristics of museum exhibits?
A.Combination of tradition and modernity
B.Combination of art and science
C.Combination of personality and commonality
D.Combination of space and interaction

d
Productive protection, as an important part of China's non-heritage protection experience, has attracted the attention of the contracting states.Low-level imitation is by no means the proper meaning of productive protection.Imitation is the foundation but not the whole of inheritance.Imitation, although it can play a certain aesthetic substitute, even open up the art space that the original fails to express, it can also provide a lot of jobs, which can reasonably exist to a certain extent; but "re-creation" in swarms, and it is a manual craft The damage of non-heritage projects related to folk arts is particularly great.Instead of improving, it has reduced the style of handmade artworks, and has also shaken the foundation of the existence of handmade art projects.
Based on this text, we can see the author's intention?
A.Explain that productive protection is an effective means of intangible heritage protection
B.Introduce the experience of non-heritage protection of Chinese handicraft projects
C.Explain that a certain degree of imitation is a type of productive protection
D.Emphasizing that low-level imitation has more harm than good than non-heritage protection

c
Sound predates the existence of human beings.The so-called natural sound is one of the phenomena in nature.Music is the product of culture by the human mind's selective imitation of various natural sounds.Its different styles are obviously affected by various Restrictions on natural conditions.As far as musical instruments are concerned, the ancient cymbals were made of stone, and the drums required animal skins, all of which were derived from natural materials.As for the style characteristics of music, although many tunes are lost, they come from the retained lyrics.See, the styles are also very different.Folk songs of the North Dynasty are rough and open, and the folk songs of the South Dynasty are delicately turned.Once the Kunqu Opera from the south spread to the north, it was generous immediately.
What does this text mean?
A.Culture determines the characteristics and style of music
B.The cultural nature of music does not mean that it can be separated from nature
C.Music depends on nature, both in origin and development
D.The atmosphere of the court cannot completely change the characteristics of music

d
The A.rgo program is a global ocean observation test project launched in 1998.For more than ten years, more than 30 coastal countries have worked together to distribute nearly 10,000 A.rgo buoys in various oceans around the world, forming the global ocean monitoring network.Real-time observation of global upper ocean temperature, salinity, and currents.By sharing data, marine and meteorological science researchers in various countries use big data technology to process massive data and study the impact of ocean climate on extreme weather and global climate New results have been harvested.The A.rgo plan has changed human monitoring methods and methods of the ocean.It has filled the gaps in marine meteorology and played a role as a model for other global scientific research projects.
According to the text, is the following statement correct?
A.Only coastal countries can benefit from the A.rgo plan
B.No systematic global real-time ocean observation project before 1998
C.Big data technology is an indispensable technology for global scientific research cooperation projects
D.It is difficult to achieve real-time observation of the global oceans with previous monitoring methods

d
The tide of the world's high-tech revolution has pushed economic competition from competition for material resources to competition for human and human resources.The development, utilization, and management of human resources will become a key factor in human socio-economic development.In the process, a large amount of human resource information is required.Human resource accounting is bound to be indispensable.In our country with a large population and relatively poor population quality, it is even more necessary to establish and implement a human resource accounting system.
What does this text mainly say?
A.The Necessity of Developing Human Resources Accounting in China
B.The wave of the world's high-tech revolution has a huge impact
C.China has a large population and relatively poor population quality
D.Human resources competition has become a key factor in social development

c
Due to the portability and simplicity of smartphones, the risks posed by mobile phone viruses and malware are even higher than the spread of viruses between computers.From the perspective of the way mobile phone viruses are transmitted, Bluetooth devices, web browsing, and software downloads are mainly used.Short-sleeve MMS and computer connection.From the perspective of the technical performance of smartphones, its mobile storage function and short-range wireless transmission technology enable the frequent delivery of data from the network to mobile phones, and between mobile phones and mobile phones.Increased frequency of transmission of the virus.
What does this text mainly want to express?
A.A.Functional mobile phone performance needs to be improved
B.There are many ways to spread mobile phone viruses
C.Functional phones are at risk of spreading viruses
D.Disadvantages brought by the development of wireless technology

c
In order to solve a series of global issues such as food security and energy shortages, the scientific community is stepping up research on projects such as genetically modified food and clean new energy, with a view to leading people out of the food and energy crisis in the future.From this we can see that science The development of has no longer strictly adhered to this conventional line: scientific problems have not just originated from pure, curious scientific curiosity."Science in the post-conventional era" is coming.
What does "post-conventional science" mean in this passage?
A.Scientific research on unconventional scientific issues
B.Scientific research to meet industry needs
C.Scientific research pointing to urgent, urgent, high-risk issues
D.Scientific research that can bring significant benefits

c
The wind blew the trees along the road, shredded the shop's cloth cover, uncovered the bills on the wall, dazzled the sun, sang, yelled, roared, and echoed; suddenly slumped, like madness The elf that sprinted away hurriedly; suddenly panic, rolled around in all directions, like a demon who decided to ram around somehow; suddenly swept, attacked everything on the ground by his unpreparedness, twisted the branches, The roof tile was blown off and the electric wire was broken; however, Xiangzi was watching there; he had just come out of the wind, and the wind had failed to treat him!
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Harsh environment
B.The plight of life
C.Strongness of Xiangzi
D.Hardships for a living

a
Thangka is a form of painting that is very rich in Tibetan cultural characteristics.It has a history of more than 1,300 years since the rise of the Tubo dynasty and is a cultural treasure of the snowy plateau.Its subject matter is not only religion, but also history and folklore.Known as the "encyclopedia" of understanding Tibet.So, to understand the history of Tibet, in addition to reading rigorous but slightly rigid history books, you can also choose a comfortable and enjoyable way-appreciate Thangka, Talking to many ancient people, imagining historical events, experiencing the rich spiritual world of Tibetans, and understanding the unique Tibetan folk customs, this is a process that makes history three-dimensional and sensible.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Thangka can provide a comfortable and easy way to understand Tibet
B.Tangka records unique Tibetan folk customs and past historical events
C.Thangka is an "encyclopedia" style of painting that understands Tibetan culture and history
D.Thangka is a form of painting with rich Tibetan cultural characteristics and a long history

a
Since the 1990s, with the development of high and new technology, earthquake prediction research has opened up new fields.Some countries have applied existing satellite information to carry out research in various aspects, and have initially shown that seismic activity is associated with regional and local anomalies.In the late 20th century, the implementation of a series of major global earth science programs has made many important advances, providing a lot of scientific data for humans to explore the earth, understand its internal structure, and provide a new foundation for earthquake prediction research.
The most appropriate summary of this text is:
A.The development of science and technology brings more possibilities for the development of earthquake prediction
B.The accuracy of the current earthquake prediction has reached a higher program
C.Regional and local anomalies can more accurately predict the occurrence of earthquakes
D.The current ability to predict earthquakes is still in its infancy and is far from social needs

b
New research finds that a family of mammals with rare and weird characteristics migrated underground to live tens of millions of years ago and survived the 65-million-year-old mass extinction event, which scientists have named Necrolestes.This nickname has always been the creature known as the "grave robber" is considered a marsupial.However, further analysis found that it actually belongs to a completely unexpected branch of mammals on the biological evolution tree, which was believed to be 45 million years before the Necrolestes life.It is completely extinct.This is a typical example of the Lazarus effect, which describes a group of organisms living much longer than originally expected.
The following are inconsistent with the original:
A.Necrolestes is a remnant of a mammal more than 100 million years ago
B.Humans have always been unaware of the existence of Necrolestes
C.Necrolestes's actual lifetime is unexpectedly long
D.Species identified as extinct may be "rediscovered"

b
"Business reputation" undoubtedly refers to "credit" and "reputation".It refers to the social evaluation given by the public to the economic capabilities and credit status of specific business entities.In criminal law, not all "damage" business reputation If the business entity itself has a problem, its credit has plummeted and its reputation has been wiped out after the exposure of the media, this damage is actually caused by the entity's own problems.It is not illegal for the media to exercise the right of public opinion supervision Instead, it should be protected by law.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.It is not illegal for the media to reveal that the merchant does not keep its business reputation
B.Reputation damage caused by merchant's own problems is not protected by law
C.The law is very cautious in identifying acts that damage business reputation
D.Laws should be put in place to protect the media and monitor public opinion

a
Compared with the smaller scope of influence, it is easier to find the source of water pollution, noise pollution, and the causes of air pollution are complex.Often it is industrial pollution across regions, automobile emissions, and even cooking fume, etc., combined with specific weather factors.Severe weather such as smog.It is difficult to attribute the smog of a certain day to which specific one, which companies are polluting, then who should the citizens who are damaged by air pollution claim? And how to argue that the diseases that they are suffering from are caused by air pollution instead of other causes? If citizens really sue a long list of possible polluting companies, then the result is that many polluting companies have diluted their compensation and cannot play a role in deterring polluters.
What is the author most likely to tell next?
A.Presentation of successful cases of air pollution claims
B.How to regulate air pollution behavior of enterprises
C.Legal basis for making air pollution claims
D.The Realistic Dilemma of Making Air Pollution Claims

d
Scientists have recently successfully decoded the entire genome of the whitefin dolphin.Of course, the efforts of scientists are valuable.Chinese scientists began to study the whitefin dolphin more than 30 years ago, and their results certainly have more than one "whole-genome atlas".But its protection of these poor species How big a role it has played, I'm afraid I can't say for sure, and we are more likely to find features that can be "utilized" from white-fin dolphins.If scientists' research cannot become a force to protect these lives, if one day we can only face one A specimen immersed in formalin to talk about its habits, and use genetic maps to prove their existence.This is not scientific goodwill, but human sin.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Whitefin dolphin genome map successfully decoded
B.Whitefin Dolphin's Whole Genome Atlas Unlocking the Code of Life
C.Reflections on the crimes of human activities against species
D.Scientific research is responsible for protecting species

a
Nostalgia can play a role as a coping mechanism when we are suffering from some psychological pain-such as loneliness, social isolation, self-doubt, negative emotions, and life that is meaningless.These worries make the brain begin to screen its own memory bank and conclude Some narrative-specific snippets.Through nostalgia, we have resurfaced past successful experiences and intimate relationships.At those times, our lives have a sense of security and order.The psychologist explained: "You are reiterating to yourself 'I have done great things', and I hope this sentence can predict future development.' Although I am not sure now, looking at my past, I know that I am a lovely person.I was destined to accomplish something great .'"
The following statements are inconsistent with the original:
A.Nostalgia will make our escape from reality
B.Nostalgia is our driving force
C.Nostalgia has an emotional buffer
D.Nostalgia can make us optimistic

b
To give some extreme examples, any system is available at any time, but in terms of people's daily life, how to treat life, others, pain, fear, dignity, or the achievements of others, can best manifest the domination in a country.The universal values of people's daily behavior.Ignore people who are killed by cars and don't help elderly people who fall down.There are all kinds of fraud and cheating.All of these, the disadvantages in value concepts may be more than Deserters on the battlefield, clashes and deaths in protest marches are even more shocking, just because it is too routine, and it is really what we are used to.
To add a head sentence before the above text, what is the most appropriate?
A.The so-called values refer to a kind of thinking or orientation in which people identify affairs and discriminate between right and wrong.
B.The so-called values should be reflected in people's daily lives
C.We have lost some of our customary moral commitments that have been passed down by humans for thousands of years
D.Lack of values is an important issue facing certain social groups

d
There is a couple, they have a son.One day, a stranger came, he said he knew the couple, and also said that he knew the couple's son.
What is most accurately rephrased is
A.The newcomers know the couple and their son
B.The new stranger knows the couple and their son
C.The new stranger knows the couple and his son
D.The new stranger claims to know the couple and their son

b
In fact, when old arts such as novels and dramas are gradually leaving the center of attention, and they are giving way to new arts such as film and television, cultural poverty is shrouded in criticism.Faced with a powerful "industrial culture" And cultural criticism has almost become a promotional advertisement.
In this passage, " cultural poverty is shrouded in criticism", which means,
A.The poverty of culture makes various criticisms about culture impossible.
B.The taste of various cultural criticisms is decreasing.
C.Cultural poverty has been criticized.
D.Critics are threatened by poverty.

d
The so-called overall understanding and grasp are to take into account the overall situation and the relationship between the overall situation and each part.
Here, "overall understanding and grasp" means:
A.Grasp the global relationship and the relationship between global and local.
B.Consider the overall situation, the parts, and their relationships.
C.Deal with the global and global parts, and the relationships between parts.
D.Consider the overall situation and the relationship between the overall situation and the parts.

d
El Ni?o is a transliteration of Spain.This is the name used by Peruvian fishermen on the Pacific coast of South America to seasonally increase the temperature of seawater at the end of each year.Because this climatic phenomenon often occurs around Christmas, the name is obtained, but scientists currently That is to say: only those years where the temperature has risen sharply can be called El Ni?o, because only the sea temperature rises sharply can cause huge ecological changes and cause a series of disasters around the world.
Based on the above materials' understanding of El Ni?o, what is wrong?
A.Climate phenomena that can cause a series of disasters worldwide
B.Severe warming of seawater is one of the causes of a global disaster
C.This phenomenon will cause ecological changes
D.This phenomenon occurs every year

c
In the new environment, the Chinese often take family morals and family feelings as the social motherhood, quickly copying out that officials are "parents", subordinates are "children", friends and acquaintances are "brothers," imitation families and quasi-kind relationships relationship.
What is wrong with the "interpersonal relationship" phenomenon referred to in this passage?
A.This is an interpersonal relationship that mimics family and quasi-kinship
B.This relationship is often based on family morals and feelings
C.This relationship involves parents as officials, children as subordinates, friends and acquaintances as brothers
D.This relationship often arises in a new environment

c
Memory is divided into left-brain memory and right-brain memory.The so-called "memory" is the memory of the left brain.It is because this "memory" is the memory of the left brain.If the right brain memory is developed, things may be completely different, and creativity is right.The properties of the brain, right-brain memory proficiency can not only help develop right-brain memory, but also inspire creativity, perceptualness, inspiration and intuition.
The following list is not literary?
A.Inspired by the right brain
B.The left brain is not creative
C.Good memory but poor creativity
D.Development of right-brain memory is important

c
Shaming students in public, "cultivating" students' inferiority, hatred, and even social aggression with a ruthless punitive experience, which violates self-esteem, trust, and a sense of collective belonging.Public humiliation is a trample on human dignity, repeated The experience of humiliation will lead to the loss of personal dignity, and the most important values of human society-love, morality, civic character, and social cohesion-all depend on the recognition and cherished of self and the dignity of others.
What is the misunderstanding of the material?
A.Public humiliation is severely harmful to adolescents
B.The recognition and cherished of self and dignity of others will highlight the most important value of human society
C.Students who have inferiority, hatred and even social attack tend to commit crimes
D.Students are repeatedly humiliated in public, leading to loss of personal dignity

b
The history painter Xiangya Gaoshi, so he can be chic, elegant and ancient.Beyond the brushwork, he has a quiet atmosphere, elegant thinking, which is beyond ordinary people.This is to move the personality into the work and personalize it.Therefore, it can be the deepest and the highest quality of Chinese painting.
According to this passage, the author wants to tell us?
A.Paintings affect character
B.Character influences painting
C.Painting is more important than character
D.Character is more important than painting

d
The global performance plan of the large-scale original ecological song and dance collection "Yunnan Imaging", directed and starred by Yang Liping, has been launched.The overseas promoter of the song and dance set has announced that it will rename "Yunnan Image" to "Looking for Shangri-La".Almost 200 games have been booked.
What message does this passage reveal?
A.The more national, the more global
B.Primitive art also has great commercial value
C.The fragrance inside the wall of ethnic art
D.National art also needs full defense packaging promotion

c
Competition in the TV program market varies by time of day, the season of broadcast, and time of the week.The size of the audience available at different times of the broadcast is different, so the ratings are also very different.
What does this passage want to tell us?
A.TV ratings are affected by audience level
B.TV ratings are affected by broadcast season
C.TV ratings are affected by market competition
D.TV ratings are affected by airtime

c
Sound can travel through the air or through solids and liquids.However, sound cannot travel in a vacuum.Cosmic space is a vacuum.
What is not reflected in the above materials?
A.Sound can be transmitted in media of different properties
B.It is impossible for space to spread sound
C.Sound travels at different speeds through different media
D.No sound in a vacuum

d
Genes are tiny structures inside cells that control the growth and change of cells.They are like a series of instructions for building organisms and making them function normally.Whether it is tiger, toadstool (a poisonous mushroom) or human Genes are contained in cells in an organism.Your genes determine your appearance, from the color of your hair to your long tail.These are all determined by genes.Obviously the environment also affects your appearance, but genes The role is decisive.
What does this passage say?
A.Structures that function as instructions are genes
B.Every organism may have similar genes
C.Genes determine everything
D.Genes determine the appearance of organisms

a
The process of nerve impulses sounds pretty simple.It's amazing how fast nerve impulses pass between neurons.Some neurons have tens of thousands of synapses that make these Neurons can exchange information with countless other small neurons.Even when you are resting, hundreds of millions of nerve impulses are transmitted through the neural network in your body.
This passage shows?
A.Fast, frequent, and endless transmission of nerve impulses in the body
B.Nerve impulses are fast and of high quality
C.The number of nerve impulses is large and the amount of information is large
D.Neural impulses are performed using the neural network of the body

c
Now, Chinese people who frequently travel abroad obviously feel a huge gap: on the one hand, the Chinese economy is getting stronger and stronger, and on the other hand, the human and public images of some Chinese people are falling.
What does this passage want to tell us?
A.Let us not be arrogant
B.Let's not be arrogant
C.We need moral building
D.We need economic change

a
A few honest businessmen opened a shop together, and when they made a lot of money, they closed their business and shared money.But how can they not quarrel with dividends? They were arguing about money and things.At this time their house was on fire, but they were still arguing about money.They quarreled that the house was on fire and they were all engulfed in flames and burned, along with their belongings.
What makes sense from the text?
A.Unfavorable to faint
B.Disregard the sesame and lose the watermelon
C.Harmony makes money
D.Honesty makes money

a
The southernmost mountain system in South America and the southernmost mountain system in Africa have the same geological structure, the same minerals, and the same age as the mountains.If the two continents of the United States and Africa are moved together, they will become the same mountain system.
What can't be concluded from the materials?
A.Is there anything on earth?
B.The continent is not static but drifts slowly and continuously
C.Yamahara, the original part of the mainland, was separated
D.Identical geological formations on different continents

b
Beginning in 1918, the relevant personnel measured the Leaning Tower of Pisa every year.During the 40 years from 1918 to 1958, the average tilt was 1.1 mm per year; and for the 10 years from 1959 to 1969, the average tilt was 1.26 mm per year.Now the top center is perpendicular to the center.The line slopes 4.5 meters south.
What does the above text mean?
A.The south tilt of the Leaning Tower of Pisa is already very serious
B.Increasing speed of leaning tower of Pisa
C.Increasing accuracy of Leaning Tower of Pisa measurements
D.Increasing efforts to measure Leaning Tower of Pisa

d
When designing the questionnaire, "Do you like the respected profession of teachers?" "Doctors think smoking is harmful to the human body, do you agree?" Such questions are either biased or induced, so It is easy for the respondent under the control of convergence psychology to make an answer that is contrary to his true thoughts.
What is the author's point of view?
A.Be concise when designing questionnaires
B.Be straightforward when designing the questionnaire
C.Avoid Convergence When Designing Questionnaires
D.Ask questions in a neutral way when designing questionnaires

c
The earth's hydrosphere consists of liquid and solid water such as oceans, lakes, rivers, swamps, groundwater, and glaciers.According to scientists' estimates, the total surface water of the earth is about 1.4 billion cubic kilometers, of which ocean water accounts for 97.3%.The main onshore water accounts for 2.7%, and the water in the atmosphere is almost negligible compared to the former two.
What is impossible to deduce from the above materials?
A.Water on land is mainly in glaciers
B.There are liquid water and possibly solid water in seawater
C.There are many freshwater resources on the planet
D.Taking water from the atmosphere makes little sense

a
Goethe has a rich life, and his knowledge of life has been experienced from his fresh and lively life.In his "Talk Record", you can find a grain of diamond-like remarks.This grain of gold with stone remarks Although I am scattered everywhere, I don't want to take a picture, but the light reflects each other.
What is the most correct understanding of the "diamond" metaphor in the text?
A.Penetrating
B.Has color
C.Permanent
D.Thoughtful

c
The Suffers in the two river basins created a hieroglyph in 4000 BC, and gradually evolved into a widely used cuneiform in West Asia.About 1000 BC, Alamea, living in present-day Syria ( A.rameans), who learned the alphabet and script of Phoenicia.With the expansion of the military and the development of trade, the languages and characters of Alamea became widespread in West Asia hundreds of years later, and the cuneiform script was gradually replaced.
What's wrong with the meaning?
A.Suffers used cuneiform characters earlier than Arameans used neck-neck characters
B.The cuneiform script has been widely used in West Asia, and the Phoenician script has been widely used since then
C.Phoenician's alphabet was first learned by Syrian Alameas
D.The language of Arameans can be spread in West Asia, which is related to their military expansion and trade development

a
The anonymity of communication seems to be an innate feature of the Internet.Once upon a time, a cartoon drawn by Peter Steiner was almost unknown to netizens.This comic published in the New Yorker magazine in 1993 The witty title "No one knows you are a dog on the Internet" was taken by netizens as a self-evident axiom.
What's wrong with the article "On the Internet, no one knows you are a dog"?
A.This is a strong question about whether the Internet user is human
B.This is a status quo due to anonymity
C.This sentence can be interpreted as "on the Internet, no one knows who you really are"
D.Internet users mostly agree on the anonymity of communication on the Internet

b
As long as the survival instinct is still present, people can weave hope for themselves in any situation, even if it is extremely poor.Dostoyevsky's life labor prisoner was chained to the wall at the beginning of his sentence, but they still have their hope: one day, like other laborers, they are allowed to leave this wall and walk around with their feet around.If there is no hope, no one can live.
What is the philosophy that can be learned from the passage?
A.Survival is the first priority
B.The ideal is the spiritual pillar of survival
C.Put to death
D.The purpose of survival is the development

a
The world economy is in a new round of growth.International trade and investment have maintained strong development and persistence.The increasing number of bilateral and multilateral coordination in the international economic field is conducive to the development and stability of the world economy.The high-speed industrial structure created by the new technological revolution Continue to deepen, the industrial transfer of developed countries to developing countries has lost the upgrading of the international industrial structure.Both China and ASEAN are optimistic about the bright prospects of future cooperation between the two sides.
What does this text mean?
A.Bright prospects for China-ASEAN cooperation
B.The world economy is in a new round of growth
C.Increasing bilateral and multilateral coordination in the international economic field
D.Industrial transfer from developed countries to developing countries will lose the upgrading of international industrial structure

c
China's online cultural market has huge international appeal, especially at the young, fashionable, and rampant consumer level, and its market potential is world-renowned.The Internet has not only brought humanity into a new era of communication, but Entering a new economic era, among the many emerging industries related to the Internet, the online cultural industry is the most vibrant and compelling part of it.
What does this passage mean?
A.China's Internet culture market attracts worldwide attention
B.China has entered a new era of communication
C.China's online culture market is full of vitality and has a bright future
D.The network culture industry is an emerging industry

b
Scientists say that no matter how deep a sophisticated person is, his inner secrets will also be leaked by his eyes.Based on this, Israelis have successfully developed foods that use their eyes to lie, which is said to be more intelligent and accurate than traditional polygraphs.Anthropologists and sociologists should be inspired by this to include the human eye in research and find some important information from it.
What's the central meaning of this passage?
A.Eyes can reveal people's inner secrets, so you can use your eyes to detect lies
B.Human eyes contain a wealth of information and should be the research object of scientists
C.Anthropologists and sociologists have included the human eye
D.Israelis invented food using sugarcane to inspire scientists

d
Ask for less clapping, not for not clapping.After all, applause from the lungs can represent public opinion, convey the voice of the heart, and unite the will.Such applauses start deep in the heart, show inadvertently, and rang out of the speech..This applause is the thunder of the soul, not the expression of courtesy; it is the spontaneous behavior, not the inducement of the leader; it is the heartfelt disclosure of Tao Li Hong Bai, and it is not the contrived play of the weeping willow "care".
From this text, we can see that the author likes it?
A.Polite applause
B.Thunderous applause
C.Expressive applause
D.Heartfelt applause

b
Of course, this does not mean that we Chinese can't learn gunpowder by inventing gunpowder, but a basic common sense is that a motivated nation, no matter what the learner does, will not give up his own way and go from one to another.Finally, of course, going abroad to learn Chinese is individual, but it can't be careless, because the popular Chongyang style has confused quite a few people, and they don't even know who they are.
What's the central meaning of this passage?
A.Learning to build rockets from foreigners is an endless act
B.Going abroad to learn Chinese is the last one, and we must treat this kind of worship of the ocean with care
C.China is an ambitious nation and will not learn from foreigners anything weaker than itself
D.There are quite a few people who want to go abroad to learn Chinese, and must treat this kind of admiration for the ocean

a
Since the reform and opening up, migrant workers in cities have undergone changes from the original generation to the new generation.The two generations of migrant workers have in common that the majority of the migrant workers living in cities are young adults, and the population they support is basically the entire family.Shanghai still remains in the countryside, and its roots are still in the countryside.This has caused most migrant workers' families to "division into two" and become amphibious residents and amphibious families separated between urban and rural areas, forming "one family, two places, one family, two systems" This lifestyle and family model produces many family and social problems, and even causes individual families to break down and create a crisis.
According to this text, what are the incorrect options for describing the "amphibious family"?
A."Amphibian Family" is a unique lifestyle of the new generation of migrant workers
B.Migrant workers in cities have experienced changes from the native generation to the new generation
C.Strong labor for "amphibious families" lives mainly in cities
D.The breakdown of individual "amphibious families" is caused by the "one family, two places, one family, two systems" lifestyle

d
Corn and pepper are common foods, but people have found that they have many extraordinary things.Besides the benefits of various nutrients to the human body, the food coloring contained in the product has attracted the attention of many researchers around the world.In corn, there are yellow pigments; in pepper, there are red pigments.These two food colors can be widely used in the coloring of foods such as margarine, candy, and pastries.
What does this passage mainly talk about?
A.Benefits of Corn and Pepper
B.The extraordinary use of corn and pepper in scientific research
C.Nutritional value and attractiveness of corn and pepper
D.Food coloring contained in corn and pepper and its application value

d
The big story is revealed in the small story, and the wisdom of existence is shown in the details.The real success does not come from the panacea, the right way, but from a key held by each of us.That is, paying attention to every detail of the living environment Implement every detail, make small things small, and go through the details.
The author of this passage believes that the key to success is?
A.Have a great strategy
B.Looking for inspiration
C.Focus on the living environment
D.Grasp the details

a
With the development of the national economy and increasing family incomes, people have begun to discuss the topic of investment and financial management.Some people, especially some young people, think that only millionaires need investment, and some people think that inflation will make savings in the traditional sense.Eventually, it becomes a bamboo basket to draw water.In fact, investment and financial management is a topic that every adult who seeks a normal lifestyle must face.
From this text, we can see the author's attitude towards investment and financial management?
A.Support
B.against
C.Neutrality
D.Doubt

d
Some people say that work results are made, not yelled out.However, in the information age, we cannot be closed doers.If we want to achieve greater results, we must learn to promote and sell ourselves, otherwise, Hardworking people will also be buried by the times.
What does this text say at work?
A.Do want to combine
B.Think while doing
C.Think and do
D.Think More

d
The use of iris to identify the identity of aircraft passengers is actually nothing new.Why is iris scanning technology better than other methods such as fingerprints and face recognition that use biotechnology to identify authenticity? Let's put it this way, like all recognition technologies, iris scanning technology must find a balance in preventing two risks: one is to allow the wrong person to pass, and the other is to stop the person who has no problem.Therefore, this system needs to find as much as possible More contrast points to reduce the chance of the first situation-mistakenly assume that the impostor is a legitimate user and let him pass through the ground, but also to ensure that these contrast points are as unique as possible to reduce the latter situation Odds-Misunderstanding legitimate users as impostors.
What does not mean in the article?
A.Iris recognition technology has been applied to identify the identity of aircraft passengers
B.Iris recognition technology is better than fingerprint recognition technology
C.The uniqueness of the individual iris makes the iris recognition smart card serve the function of identifying passengers
D.Iris recognition technology is convenient and accurate, and can be widely used in other fields

b
The culture and extreme tradition of a society largely determine the spiritual outlook of this society.Without a harmonious culture, there will be no harmonious society.In today's China, building a harmonious culture is to build a society and pay attention to advanced culture.This culture is based on socialist ideology.The core, inherit and carry forward the cultural traditions of the Chinese nation's harmony, attract the civilization achievements of drawing on the world's cultural traditions, base them on contemporary practice, reflect the spirit of the times, enable people to establish harmonious ideas and ways of thinking, and make the concept of harmony an important value orientation of society.
What is outside the scope of the discussion according to the above?
A.Constructing a harmonious society must focus on building a harmonious culture
B.Harmonious culture should shape people with a noble spirit and inspire people with excellent works
C.There is no harmonious society without a harmonious culture
D.The purpose of building a harmonious culture is to make the concept of harmony a value orientation of the whole society

a
To build the economic zone on the west coast of the Taiwan Straits, we must put the word "good" in a prominent position in accordance with the requirements for good and rapid development put forward by the central government, pay more attention to "good", and accurately understand "good".Coordination is a good thing, such as speed Coordination of quality, benefit; coordination of consumption, investment, and export; coordination of population, resources, and environment; quality, quantity, and degree of control are good.From the perspective of economic development, there is no quantity without quality, and no quantity without There is no quality, there is no "fast" without "good", and there is no such thing as "good" without "fast", it is a unified whole.
What is the central meaning of the above passage?
A.The principle of "good" and "fast" coordinated development should be implemented in the construction of the economic zone on the west side of the Straits.
B.The speed must be given top priority in the construction of the economic zone on the west side of the Straits
C.Putting weight first in the construction of the economic zone on the west side of the Straits
D.Environmental factors cannot be ignored in the construction of the economic zone on the west side of the Straits

d
The Yellow River is the second largest river in China and one of the few Mingchuan rivers in the world.She started from the northern foot of the Bayankala Mountains and accepted thousands of rivers and rivers.All the way, the galloping east, passing Qinghai, Sichuan, Gansu, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Shaanxi, Shanxi, Henan, Shandong and other nine provinces and regions inject vast oceans.The total length is 5,464 kilometers and the drainage area is over 750,000 square kilometers.
Which of the following options are not characteristic of the Yellow River?
A.Long Yellow River Process
B.Vast Yellow River Basin
C.The magnificence of the Yellow River
D.The Yellow River is the cradle of the Chinese nation

d
Lin Yutang once promised "two-footed eastern and western culture, and one-sided commentary on the universe article", and his cultural ideology and belief also aimed at "getting the best of the people" and "integrating and integrating".Of course, there are many cultural ideas that formed Internal and external reasons, but I think this is inseparable from Cai Yuanpei's influence.
What's the central meaning of this passage?
A.Lin Yutang is a quite arrogant cultural person
B.Lin Yutang Yu Dong, Western culture has profound accomplishments
C.Lin Yutang and Cai Yuanpei are closely related
D.Cai Yuanpei is an important figure in the formation of Lin Yutang's cultural concept

b
The heart is a garden, and the mind is a kind of seed.It can grow flowers and weeds.It is impossible to plant only a seed of happiness, even if it is left behind, the weak seedlings will soon be swallowed by weeds.Those weeds of fear, doubt, and anxiety should be pulled out and discarded as soon as they grow.Love, happiness, and tranquility are all contagious, and those who continue to plant these seeds in the garden of mind are also putting love Happiness and tranquility spread to others' hearts.
What does this passage mean?
A.People's hearts are often full of fear, doubt and anxiety, and it is difficult to dispel
B.We should always take care of the good and beautiful qualities in our hearts
C.We should spread our love, happiness and tranquility to others
D.People's thirst for love, happiness, and tranquility is always consumed by fear, doubt and anxiety

a
Some people say that Zhou Zhuang was at the cost of the destruction of Suzhou, and I immediately saw the appearance of ancient Suzhou.Yes, Suzhou took off the Luo shirt and gown, and Suzhou is much more modern.Although it still has silk embroidery in his hand The group fan is not the old look of hiding in the deep boudoir.In this way, Zhouzhuang, a classic embroidered woman in the south of the Yangtze River, has become known everywhere.
What does this passage mean?
A.Suzhou's modernization makes Zhouzhuang stand out from the classic charm of Jiangnan
B.Zhouzhuang is richer in the classic embroidery of Jiangnan than Suzhou
C.Suzhou's modernization has lost her original classical charm
D.Zhouzhuang is one of the famous tourist attractions in Jiangnan

a
The trend of mediocre spiritual life is a prominent phenomenon in real life.Its main manifestations are: the lack of spiritual goals in life, no traditional support, and no ideal guidance; the expansion of utilitarian awareness leads to a weak relationship between people; appeal to the senses Of mass consumer culture is flooding, a serious culture that appeals to the heart is in trouble.
Can we know from this passage?
A.The trend of mediocrity in the spiritual life is mainly manifested by the loss of faith, weak truth and cultural dislocation
B.Popular consumer culture is energetic, while serious culture is lifeless
C.People who independently explore and create in the spiritual and cultural undertakings are separated from their time
D.People tend to feel lost because of the mediocrity of their spiritual life

a
Microsoft's current challenges come not only from the Department of Justice and strong competitors in the market, but also internally-the brain drain.In the past 18 months, several heavyweights have left, including technology director Nancy Mai Ford and Silverberg, who led the development of Windows 95, found that they have one thing in common with the reason for leaving, that is, they feel that Microsoft has lost its vitality.
Briefly summarize the meaning of this passage.What is the most appropriate?
A.Microsoft loses its anger
B.Microsoft faces serious challenges
C.Serious brain drain at Microsoft
D.Microsoft ministers leave the nest

d
The chance of luck is like the Milky Way, they are inconspicuous as individuals, but they are brilliant as a whole.Similarly, one can also make small efforts to achieve happiness, which is to continuously improve virtue.
What is the main content of this text?
A.One or two lucky opportunities are not conspicuous.Several lucky opportunities will bring success and glory.
B.Individuals are lucky to get lucky, and many people will be lucky to be noticeable
C.Possesses many fine qualities and may be lucky
D.A certain kind of good quality is inconspicuous, and it will look brilliant with many good qualities

d
A flow compression device and an electron injector convert the pulsed high voltage into an electron beam.A high-intensity electromagnetic field accelerates it in a long electron gun and ejects it to a collector accelerator through an electronic nozzle as a medium for forming and accelerating protons.
What does "it" mean in the passage?
A.Flow compression device
B.Electron injector
C.Pulse high voltage
D.Electron beam

b
Our era is described as the "information age", which means that we can not only obtain a large amount of information quickly, but also a large number of replacements of the information we have obtained.The pasting and updating of network information are typical examples.The "classic" is It is the crystallization of the arduous creation of the genius brain.It is a permanent spiritual existence.The state of the information age is out of step with the thoughtful spirit required by the classics, which is one of the factors that make it difficult for our times to produce classics.
What's the central meaning of this passage?
A.The era of network information is an era that can be continuously copied
B.In a sense, the information age is the age of classic crisis
C.Network culture can also become a classic
D.There are no classics in our time

c
When we read, we always appreciate and judge from the highest state of a book; we use the rope, always the weakest section of Satoshi to determine the quality of the rope.A nerd sitting on a cold bench may wish to treat people, politicians or Entrepreneurs should use the method of measuring the rope to avoid risks in the employment process.
What does this passage mainly mean?
A.Politicians, entrepreneurs and nerds are two types of people
B.Reading and living are two different things
C.Be generous with others
D.Lack of social experience for nerds

d
If there is any city, due to deep historical reasons, it has a spiritual quality itself, and can exert an intangible but significant influence on the people who once lived and even lived in the past, this is Beijing.Beijing belongs to that kind of city, it makes people feel strongly about its cultural attraction.It is always old and fresh forever, at the same time it is history and reality.It has the infinite historical capacity and no shortage of vitality.It induces people to explore, but it is never hopeless ...
Based on the above, what is the following misunderstanding?
A.Beijing is a city with profound cultural implications
B.Beijing has a long history and a modern feel
C.Beijing always makes people experience its ubiquitous charm
D.Beijing is abstract and more modeled by any other Chinese city

a
Regarding the history of China, not only Chinese scholars are studying and thinking, but also scholars in the United States, Europe and other places are trying to find meaningful explanations.The recent dramatic changes in the world situation will inevitably affect the research ideas of these scholars.First, the global phenomenon of transformation has a huge impact on the production of contemporary Chinese historical research.Second, the changes in Chinese society itself have also had a significant impact on European and American scholars' research on China.
Can we know from this passage?
A.The current study of Chinese history is carried out under the interaction of internal and external environmental factors
B.European and American scholars have a deeper understanding of Chinese history than Chinese scholars
C.Studies of Chinese history are more affected by global factors than by China's own environment
D.Research on Chinese history is still in its infancy

d
A wise choice is better than blind perseverance.The ancients, the cloud, the loss of horses, and the lack of knowledge.The choicee is the wisdom and foresight of doing everything within one's ability; giving up is the decisiveness and courage of the overall situation.The only director of each person's own life in the city can only choose Only those who give up can fully understand life, smile at life, and have a world of life with a vast sky.
According to this passage, what is wrong with the following understanding?
A.Everyone should learn to choose and give up at the right time
B.For some people, learning to choose and give up is not easy
C.People who learn to choose and give up are often more likely to reach an ideal state of life than blindly attached people
D.Life is a drama, so if you give up, give up.

a
The emergence of computers has changed our lives to a great extent.Sitting in front of computers, typing and browsing, have increasingly replaced pen writing, holding books and reading.However, while computers have brought convenience, they have also changed the traditional Culture has caused a strong impact, and even some excellent traditional cultures have drifted away from us.Calligraphy is a treasure of Chinese culture and a manifestation of the national spirit, but in front of computers, the group practicing brush writing is shrinking and full of charm.His calligraphy works are gradually fading out of people's vision.Protecting traditional culture and protecting the art of calligraphy is urgent.
Of the following options, which is the most suitable for the text title of this paragraph?
A.Protecting the art of calligraphy in the computer age is urgent
B.Calligraphy should be passed down even in the computer age
C.Traditional culture in the computer age must not fade
D.Learning calligraphy in the computer age means inheriting the national spirit

d
Studies have shown that an increase in the amount of lipoprotein in the blood will enhance the absorption of excess cholesterol in human tissues.Some people can significantly increase the amount of lipoprotein in the blood through physical exercise and weight loss.
Based on this text, what is the most appropriate conclusion we can draw?
A.Some people have lowered cholesterol in their blood through physical exercise, these people must be fat
B.People who do not exercise regularly, especially fat people, have the highest risk of high cholesterol in the blood
C.Physical exercise and weight loss are the most effective ways to lower high cholesterol in the blood
D.Some people lower cholesterol in their blood through physical exercise and weight loss

c
As the problem of information spam on the information superhighway is getting worse, network experts continue to warn: If we don't pay attention to preventing and removing garbage on the information superhighway from now on, the information superhighway will someday be inaccessible.
In the following statement, what is the closest thing to a web expert's warning?
A.One day, the information highway will no longer be accessible
B.As long as the prevention and removal of information garbage on the information superhighway is taken seriously from now on, the information superhighway can prevent the consequences of improper traffic
C.Only from now on the importance of prevention and removal of information garbage on the information superhighway will the information superhighway be able to prevent the consequences of improper traffic
D.If one day the information superhighway is no longer accessible, it must be because we have not paid attention to the prevention and removal of information garbage on the information superhighway from now on.

b
One view is that if a country can operate its economy effectively, it must be able to create wealth and become rich; and if such a country wants to maintain political stability, the wealth it creates must be distributed fairly; and the fairness of wealth Distribution will reduce economic risks; however, the existence of economic risks is an indispensable prerequisite for efficient and effective operation.
Which of the following options is correct for this text?
A.It is impossible for a country to coexist politically and economically
B.It is impossible for a country to coexist politically and economically effectively
C.The economic operations of a rich country must be efficient
D.In a country with inefficient economic operations, wealth must be distributed fairly

a
A survey shows that all bridge enthusiasts love to play Go; some Go enthusiasts love martial arts; all martial arts enthusiasts are not aerobics; some bridge enthusiasts are also aerobics.
Which of the following options is correct for this text?
A.Some Go fans also like bridge
B.Some bridge lovers like martial arts
C.Some bridge lovers are not aerobics
D.Go lovers are aerobics

c
Language is the experimental material of language science.Endangered languages contain rare linguistic features, and the content for language research is profound and rich.Since our history of language research is very short, and our understanding of language is still very superficial, every kind of The disappearance of language will take away the linguistic information, make us lose an opportunity to understand the nature of language, and lose a sample of research, which means that it will be more difficult for us to understand the true meaning of language.
What's the point of this text?
A.Language is the research material of language science
B.Endangered languages contain rich linguistic features
C.The disappearance of endangered languages will be an irreparable loss of language science research
D.Go all out to save endangered languages

d
The development of large aircraft has a large investment, long cycle, and many uncertain factors.It is an extremely complex system project, facing many risks and difficulties, and the task is very arduous.To produce safe and reliable large aircraft with market competitiveness and realize industrialization It requires us to do a lot of hard and detailed work.
What is the author most likely to emphasize next?
A.Investment and cycle for developing large aircraft
B.Engineering complexity in developing large aircraft
C.How to balance the revenue and expenditure of large aircraft and ultimately achieve profitability
D.How to do well the organized implementation of developing large aircraft

d
In a commercial negotiation, the representative of Party A said: "According to the previous performance of your company's contract, some products do not meet the contract requirements, and we have suffered losses.I hope that similar situations will not happen again in the future." "The quality problem occurred during the performance of the contract.It can be returned or claimed according to regulations.Your company neither returned the product nor made a claim for compensation.What is going on?"
In this text, what does the answer of Party B actually mean?
A.Party A attempts to ask Party B to compensate for the loss of the previous contract
B.Party A says that some products of Party B do not meet the requirements, but there is no evidence
C.Due to tolerance, Party A has lost the opportunity to pursue Party B's liability for breach of contract
D.In order to increase the bargaining chips in this negotiation, Party A intentionally accused Party B of breach of contract in the past

d
In recent years, many companies have competed to develop "brain training" game software, and there are dozens of puzzle game software on the market.Although such software manuals are written in a variety of ways, when it comes to their functions, it is necessary to emphasize two points: " Enhance brain functions such as attention, memory, and speed of information processing ";" slowen the rate at which the brain's inevitable decline in function with age ".Almost all such companies claim that their game software programs are based on the latest scientific research Designed.
What does this passage mean?
A.The development of puzzle game software is about to become an emerging industry
B.The development of puzzle game software is based on the latest scientific research
C.The development of puzzle game software will greatly improve people's IQ, and promotion should be accelerated
D.The development of puzzle game software, as a new thing, its science is worthy of discussion

d
The community is the basic unit of society, and the "harmonious community" is an important foundation for building a harmonious socialism.The construction of the "harmonious community" should be incorporated into the strategic planning of community development, guided by the scientific concept of development, and in accordance with the "guarantee production and service life, Maintaining stability "function positioning, actively constructing a comprehensive, three-dimensional, deep-level harmonious community creation system, and strive to build a" comfortable residential environment, warm and convenient quality services, a safe and stable social order, a healthy and civilized lifestyle, A harmonious community in which the atmosphere of solidarity and cooperation, and development activities rushing out of competition "are the basic characteristics.
The meaning of this text is not included?
A.Significance of building a "harmonious community"
B.Main ideas for building a "harmonious community"
C.Basic characteristics of a "harmonious community"
D.The basic structure of a "harmonious community"

a
A wasp that reproduces its offspring by parasitic means can inject just the right number of eggs of different sizes for various insects that are suitable for its own offspring.If it injects too many eggs into the host's eggs, its larvae will In competition with each other, they die because they do not get enough space and nutrients; if too few eggs are injected into their larvae, excess nutrients in the host eggs will rot, which will cause their larvae to die.
From the text above, we can infer?
A.In the parasitic reproduction mechanism of the wasp, the wasp should have the ability to accurately distinguish the host egg size
B.Wasps appear more in insect areas with larger eggs and less in insect areas with smaller eggs
C.Wasps injecting too many eggs into insects are more likely to cause parasite larvae to die than injecting too few eggs
D.Wasp egg size determines the survival rate of wasp larvae

d
The issue of food security has become a focus of concern for our government and society.From an international background, affected by the US subprime crisis and other factors, asset prices, represented by stocks and real estate, have fallen rapidly around the world.The decline in the real estate market and the huge scale of hot money worldwide have shifted speculative focus to oil and food, which has led to the continuous rise in the prices of two commodities that affect human clothing, food, shelter, and transportation.From the domestic perspective, after the summer grain harvest in China this year, food prices continue Hovering at low prices, the price difference with the international market has increased.At the same time, the prices of vegetables, pork and many materials in China have been rising, but only the price of food has not risen significantly.Once China's existing food price system is "lost".it Will directly affect the normal operation of our economy and social stability.
What is not in line with this text?
A.Grain spreads and their expansion in domestic and foreign markets are a potential factor affecting China's food security
B.US "subprime" crisis poses a threat to China's food security
C.International hot money peeping at China's food market will pose severe challenges to China's food security
D.Increasing domestic food prices and reducing domestic and international price gaps are important strategies for China to cope with the global food crisis

c
The term food chain was first proposed by British zoologist Elton in 1927.If a toxic substance is absorbed by the lower part of the food chain, such as by grass, although the concentration is low, it does not affect the growth of the grass, but the rabbit eats grass Later toxic substances are difficult to excrete and will accumulate in its body; eagles eat a large number of rabbits, and toxic substances will further accumulate in the eagle.The reason why the American national bird Bald Eagle is facing extinction is not because of being killed but by harmful chemicals DDT gradually accumulates in the body, resulting in eggs that are soft-shelled and unable to hatch.
What does this text introduce?
A.Origin and meaning of the term food chain
B.Causes of the Extinction of the American Bald Eagle
C.Cumulative and magnifying effects of the food chain
D.The environment has a very important impact on the food chain

a
Le Clzio's 2008 Nobel Prize in Literature is considered "popular" in China.After all, despite nearly 20 years of his work being scattered on the domestic book market It has appeared; although he is one of the earliest French contemporary writers translated and introduced in China, domestic readers' understanding of him is still at the stage of the name.Even only the name, which is also a first-class French literature lover, has heard This does not show readers' ignorance, nor the so-called "unique taste" of the Nobel Prize, but only the gap between literature and popular culture that has always existed, and the gap itself is not the same.
What is the correct understanding of this text?
A.Most NobelPrize-winningg works
B.Le Clezio's works are not selling well in China
C."Unique Taste" Takes Nobel Prize Out of Popular Culture
D.Domestic readers know less about Nobel Prize-winning works

c
Do nt deliberately go for a walk, you have to play, and you have to enjoy it.There are big geese flying in the sky, flowers around, bees and butterflies flying around, and you do nt care about going fast and flying? Pitching is fun, and you must disregard it.Don't have to stipulate how far you can go when you walk, and don't give up.You don't feel like you are over the mountains and occupying the high groun..
How does this text mainly explain walking?
A.Expensive
B.is an effective way of fitness
C.is an important way to cultivate interest
D.Focus on the true nature of freedom of expression

a
Some people say that democracy is like a spinning top, what is important is the process of rotation.Without this process, the spinning top will fall.As far as democratic decision-making is concerned, the correct decision-making result will naturally give people hope and confidence.And the decision-making process has a greater impact on people's cohesiveness.
The metaphor in this passage is intended to emphasize?
A.The importance of democratic decision-making processes to democracy
B.Only through democratic decision-making can confidence be built
C.Democracy in the decision-making process is broad social participation
D.Effective participation is the process of building confidence

b
Really beautiful things are full of emotions.In the face of beautiful things, we often fall in love, or fall in love at first sight.And the feeling of this thing is strange.On the one hand, it is personal, full of extremely strong personality, and only achieves high personalization When it is, it is the most sincere.Because of this, feelings are often hidden, and it is difficult to communicate between people.The so-called father cannot be described to the son, and the husband cannot be described to the wife; however, on the other hand However, the thing of emotion is the most social, it needs the most universal communication, and it needs the communication between people.
What does this text mean?
A.People are prone to have true feelings for beautiful things
B.Feelings are both personal and social
C.Emotions that fully reflect personal will are sincere
D.The feelings between people are hidden and difficult to communicate

d
Children are mostly artists ignored by schools, but this does not negate the importance of propositional painting.In fact, propositional painting and free play are complementary.The former trains children's logic and observation, while the latter trains Their sensitivity and sense of balance.French critic Andre Marro once said: "Children are both artists and artists, because at this time they are dominated by their talents, not they are dominating them."
What is Andre Marro's most wanted point here?
A.Talent alone cannot be an artist
B.Children's talents may be mostly overlooked
C.Children are not aware of their talents
D.Learn to control talent to become an artist

b
A middle-aged person was admitted to the hospital, and left half of his body was unconscious.A child was making a loud noise in the ward, and was twisted by his father, screaming in pain.The patient said, "I really envy this child!" "Envy him carefree?" The patient shook his head."Envy his flowery age?" The patient said, "No, I envy him for such sensitive pain.If I can feel the pain, it means recovery is hopeful."
What's best for this text title?
A.Life refuses to be numb
B.Life is fortunate
C.Pain in life
D.Different kinds of "pain"

a
The first life may be a group of organics that happened to come together.After that, this group of organics had a clear division of labor.Proteins are responsible for providing scaffolds and producing energy, and D.NA.and RNA.Preserving and implementing the group's "copy drawings" "Phospholipid molecules and proteins have also joined forces to build a cell membrane.It is this layer of magic membrane that encapsulates organic matter in a stable environment.The unit of a life-the cell is born.
What does this text mainly describe?
A.The scientific hypothesis of cell birth
B.Initial changes in cells
C.Forming conditions of life unit
D.Reasonable conjecture of life evolution

d
Some people have such a misunderstanding that they only talk about "realizing their own value" and not "improving their own value." Of course, people are born with value.This value should be valued, but it still needs to be improved.Improvement cannot be achieved through packaging and hype.Quality must be truly improved, and the specific performance is nothing more than virtue and talent.The improvement in these two aspects can only be achieved through self-denial.Therefore, Mencius said: "Heaven will descend to the people of Sri Lanka.He must first suffer his mind, strain his bones, starve his body, empty his body, and disturb his action."How can" Zeng Yiqi not be able to "without hard trials?
What does this text mean?
A.Clarify misconceptions about treating your own value
B.Emphasizing both virtue and talent is at the core of talent quality
C.criticize some people for blindly packaging themselves
D.Explain the significance of self-denial and self-cultivation

b
Whether a piece of wood can be used, how to use it, what to discard, not to say by mouth, not to see, not to draw conclusions based on "old experience"-there is only one authority, that is, use a ruler to measure it, and use ink to calibrate it.One school.This is the "artisan rule".The reason why artisans are respectful is that they are meticulous in their work and always follow the principle of "the ruler has the most say".
What do the "artisan rules" in this passage reveal to us?
A.The rules have standards and angles.It is very clear that Ding is Ding, Mou is Mou
B.Respecting the rules and abiding by them are the prerequisites and fundamentals for doing everything well
C.Rules punish those who violate it, and protect and reward those who obey it
D.Rules serve as a yardstick and criterion, providing an objective standard for people to do things

b
The Ming government's salt policy determined that the government must trade with merchants, but the government never seemed to realize that it was a contractual relationship with merchants.In its view, the country was supreme and every citizen had made sacrifices for it.Businessmen are expected to voluntarily participate in government activities and generate profits and taxes.When it is not profitable and no one is willing to distribute salt, the government will call on businessmen to complete this task, just as ordinary people need to undertake various types of military service.In fact, it is taken for granted that merchants bear some losses when dealing with the government, and officials may consider such losses to some extent the cost of franchising.
According to the text, what does the term "cost of franchising business" mean?
A.Government and merchant transaction costs
B.The price of salt monopoly for salt merchants
C.The necessary cost for the salt merchant to make a profit
D.Taxes paid by salt dealers to sell salt

d
The painter has trained a pair of painting eyes, and various images of the world of Qianqian flow at any time and anywhere.There is light and color flowing in front of the eyes, and occasionally a sense of beauty.Immediately caught by these eyes and indulged in it, what a joy.These pleasures are layer by layer.In my mind, I look at it one by one in my spare time, what a wonderful enjoyment.Sometimes, my vast and deep heart will float a picture, it is not the pictures I have seen, this is the one A real picture! I just don't have time to shape it into paper, but often I have completed all the thought processes necessary for painting.
What does this text mean?
A.The process of the artist's idea
B.The joy of artistic creation
C.The process of the birth of good painting
D.The artwork is the image of the inner world

b
At the psychological level, the Chinese people's recognition of themselves has the concept of "skinning their skin, suffering from their parents, not dare to be damaged, and the beginning of filial piety." The fact that life is subject to a "clone" of a somatic cell may make it difficult for people Accept and lose the sacred sense of life.On the technical level, sexual reproduction is the result of natural evolution.The certainty and uncertainty it contains can basically guarantee that humans are adapted to natural living conditions; however, "clone It is difficult to predict whether the "uncertainty" of human beings will help them adapt to nature and survive.
What is the most accurate summary of the main point of this text?
A.Difficulties faced by "cloning" technology
B.Conflicts between the Chinese concept of life and "clone human" technology
C.The main differences between sexual reproduction and asexual reproduction
D.Reasons why the Chinese have difficulty accepting "clone human" technology

c
It is indeed a clever arrangement that allows our planet to have an inexhaustible supply of water, fire, and land.However, the human beings that rely on it are never satisfied with just these natural resources.Obtain grains to fill your stomach.Of course, only when they are away from hunger do they have the heart to use their cognitive ability to the world, the ability to associate with the surrounding richness and the infinite creativity that emanates from it.Converting certain natural objects into man-made artifacts, creating a production form that is compatible with the human lifestyle at that time-ceramics.
What does this text mean?
A.The solution to the problem of food and clothing is the necessary material foundation for artistic creation
B.Pottery technology is the result of human creative use of natural resources
C.Improvements in human forms of production stem from the need to enhance lifestyles
D.Pottery technology is a sign of human ability to use nature to meet the needs

d
The field that was once considered the most suitable for philosophy is now occupied by science that successfully explains all aspects of human existence.In a world where information technology has dominated, philosophy seems to have failed.It cannot at least bring wisdom Cut into measurable pieces and provide them to people.In the 20th century, there were countless philosophers mocking their disciplines, thinking that after 3,000 years of philosophical activities, they still hope to lead us to the truth, but that is just It's a distant illusion.However, philosophy is still more popular than ever before, probably because philosophy has sought refuge from science and other disciplines in recent decades, and has now been freed from this professional bondage.For sake.
What does this text mean?
A.The current crisis facing philosophy offers opportunities for its development
B.Pessimistic understanding of the fate of philosophy has led many philosophers to belittle themselves
C.Philosophical wisdom is rich in content, and cannot be based on experience alone
D.The independence that philosophy has gained today gives it new charm and motivation

d
The term Skyscraper was originally a technical term for crew members, meaning tall poles or sails on sailboats.It has continued to evolve and has gradually become a specific term in architecture.In 1883, "skyscrapers" first appeared in the United States.This term was born in the article `` American Architect and Architecture News '' written by a fanciful writer.From then to now, people have built many skyscrapers, which are row by row and towering in the sky of major cities in the world.
According to this text, the incorrect understanding is:
A.Association and analogy often give words new content
B.The meaning of some words precedes the existence of physical objects
C.The meaning of words has expanded over time
D.The crew and the writer coined the term "skyscraper"

c
Confucianism has a long history and rich connotation.It contains not only the sub-learning and classics, but also the contradiction between Sinology and Song Studies.Each academic form has different factions.Therefore, there is a so-called "Taotong theory" in later generations to make its content.Discrimination, determination, analysis.Although an academic thought is extremely complicated, it must not have a single center.Taoism represents a central ideological tradition.Confucian ideas of Taoism have a long history, but it is Tang that systematically expresses Taoism.In the middle of the Han Dynasty, Han Yu's Confucianism said that under the slump of "Confucianism", he established Buddhism, honed his righteousness, and re-established the orthodox status of Confucianism, which had a great impact on later generations.
According to this text, the incorrect understanding is:
A.Taoist doctrine arises because of the complexity of academic thought
B.Han Yu is an icon in the history of Confucianism
C.Han Yu's doctrine of doctrine is generally recognized by future generations
D.The Confucianism system is complex, and some contradictory ideas exist within it

b
According to a report, Stephen Hawking, a well-known physicist and a professor at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom, announced that he has given up his pursuit of "Theory of Everything".In the past, he believed that people would soon find one that can at least be described and predicted in principle.The ultimate "universal theory" of everything in the universe, and now he believes that people will never get such a theory; because according to the "G?del's incompleteness theorem" in mathematics, such a theory is impossible at all.
According to this text, the incorrect understanding is:
A.The development of any one discipline is inseparable from the support of other disciplines
B.G?del's incompleteness theorem is closer to the truth of things than the theory of everything
C.The path to truth is not always smooth
D.Hawking's past pursuit of "universal theory" shows people's inexhaustible spirit of exploration

c
From the Jin dynasty to the Tang dynasty, people who laughed at a person who lacked good education and did not understand the hygienic habits of high society often said that the person "does not know bath beans." Bath beans were high-end sanitary cleaning products invented during the Wei, Jin, and Northern and Southern Dynasties In the past, when people wash, the only way to remove oil stains is basically rice soup, noodle soup and natural saponin.Bath beans are based on the fines made from various beans as the main ingredient, using the natural oil-removing properties of beans.Clean the skin.
Based on this text, it can be concluded that:
A.Bath beans were invented by high society
B.The appearance of bath beans is due to the improvement of living standards
C.Ordinary people rarely use bath beans
D.The decontamination ability of bath beans is far beyond that of rice soup, noodle soup and saponin.

a
Every winter, when birds migrating south fly over the land of England, many bird lovers throw seeds and oats in the garden in the hope that it will help the birds get enough energy.But this statement makes 10% of the black top Lin Ying changed the traditional migration route.They flew from southern Germany and Austria to Spain in the southwest direction to Britain in the northwest, where they depended on the support of the owls to survive.
The gist of this text is:
A.Human behavior affects animal habits
B.Care for wildlife
C.The nature of the black-topped forest warbler makes them change their migration route
D.Humans can help birds through their own behavior

b
As computer technology advances to the level of trillions of times and higher, the processor speed has exceeded the transmission speed, which has created a technical bottleneck in the application field and hindered the further development of the application.Anyone who has tried dial-up Internet access to watch the stream People in media and video will appreciate that no matter how fast the processor can not increase the file loading speed.In today's big data and cloud computing, there is a large amount of information between servers to interact.A laser device-vertical cavity Surface-emitting lasers can be used to transmit data at high speed in fiber optic networks, which can transmit a larger amount of data at a faster speed than traditional cable systems.
The following statements are inconsistent with the original:
A.Computer processor is not directly proportional to data transmission speed
B.Computer processor speed can no longer meet application requirements
C.High-speed data transmission technology has not achieved substantial breakthroughs for a long time
D.Scientists Make Important Progress in Laser Communication Technology

c
Research shows that cosmic rays entering the thundercloud cause the air in the thundercloud to ionize, which in turn generates many suspended free electrons.The electric field already in the cloud layer causes the free electrons to carry higher energy.When the existing electrons in the air collide with water molecules, more electrons are released.Researchers call it a high-energy snow storm, which eventually results in an "escape".This discharge process is what people think Of lightning.
The following statements are inconsistent with the original:
A.Lightning due to cosmic rays
B.Lightning from snow storm discharge
C.Lightning due to clouds colliding
D.Lightning caused by collision of electrons with water molecules

b
Mimosa is very wonderful: if you touch it, its leaves will close up and hang down like shyness.Among them, because the degree of "shyness" is different, the weather indicated is different; if it is touched The leaves of Mimosa quickly collapse and sag, and it takes a long time to recover the original state, which means that the weather will be bright and sunny, and the sky is clear; on the contrary, the leaves shrink slowly after being touched, and the leaves sag slowly, or the leaves slightly It opens immediately after closing, which indicates that the storm is coming.
The above text is intended to explain:
A.Growth habits of mimosa
B.Mimosa can predict the weather
C.The wonders of mimosa
D.Weather affects mimosa

c
The so-called "commercialization of environmental resources" is to give nature economic value and incorporate the environment into the market economy system, transforming the environment into a product that can be analyzed like other commodities.As long as the environment is given appropriate value in economic decision-making, the environment will It can be better protected.According to this view, the emergence of various ecological and environmental problems is precisely caused by the fact that the resources and environment are not considered as "commodities" and have not been obtained for trading in the market.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Nature and the environment should be given economic value
B.Environment is an important element in today's market economy
C.Commercialization of environmental resources can better protect the environment
D.The emergence of ecological problems is related to the fact that resources and the environment are not regarded as "commodities"

c
Ancient civilizations generally formed in inland areas along mid-latitude rivers, with suitable climate and fertile soil conditions that are more suitable for human activities.With the development of science and technology, these factors have gradually been weakened, and human activities have shifted from inland to coastal areas.The economic gradient of modern coastal to inland appeared.Comparing the environmental differences between ancient civilizations and modern coastal civilizations, the core of which is the change in the related environmental requirements of transportation and accessibility.However, land transportation such as highways and railways Development has brought new opportunities to the development of inland areas.
From the passage, it can be concluded that:
A.Civilization has different requirements for environmental factors in different periods
B.Environmental factors are essential for the formation of civilization in a certain period
C.The development of science and technology can change the requirements of civilization on environmental factors in a certain period
D.Transport can bring new opportunities to the development of a region at different times

c
We cannot simply think that dictionary editing is wrong, and that they will not make arbitrary changes to dictionary usage.It must have been carefully studied and considered.However, dictionary editors cannot ignore a basic fact and the basic requirement derived from it: language The characters are commonly used by the broad masses of the people, and they have a very wide social nature.Therefore, the standardization of language characters cannot be carried out in the ivory tower, but must follow the mass line.
What does the "basic requirement" of this passage mean?
A.Dictionary editors cannot change vocabulary usage at will
B.Dictionary editors should be familiar with the specific process of dictionary editing
C.The standardization of language should serve the general public
D.The standardization of language should be decided by the general public

c
Due to the destruction of human activities and the constraints of natural factors, it has not been replenished for many years, and soil erosion has become increasingly serious.At present, no suitable recycling method has been found, and the future of land is worthy of continuous attention.Change the long-established working habits in agriculture It doesn't happen in a day, and the main thing is to change the production mode of agriculture, which requires an increase in productivity, which obviously cannot be achieved overnight.
What does "this" refer to?
A.People's continued attention
B.Changing the long-established working habits in agriculture
C.Changing agricultural production models
D.Finding the right loop

d
Unlike film-oriented creativity, which is directed by directors, the center of creativity in the television industry is screenwriters.The reason why screenwriting is important in the television industry is that the small picture frame does not give visual space so much, and language art is particularly important.The drama also has the plot of the story as an attraction, while the comedy is entirely dependent on the performance of the actors and the charm of the language; they are all shot in the studio, and the shooting is purely technical, and the creativity lies in dialogue and performance.
What is the most accurate summary of the main point of this text?
A.Comparing the creative differences between the television and film industries
B.Emphasize the importance of language charm to the television industry
C.Analysis of the relationship between the various constituent elements of the television industry
D.Explain why the TV industry's creativity is centered on screenwriters

b
Books are inexhaustible.Even after reading, it is useless.Many books have no value in reading.If you read an extra book, you will lose the time and energy to read a valuable book.
What is the author's point of view?
A.Read less and be better
B.Choose carefully when reading
C.No more reading
D.Reading often feels worthless

b
Wallaby is a peculiar animal.They usually live in the wilderness, shrubbery and forest areas, and live on grass.They live in groups, but they do not have fixed clusters.They often come together to form a larger group in search of food.Eagles, pythons, and people all catch kangaroos.However, the greatest harm to kangaroos is drought.Young kangaroos will die and female kangaroos will stop breeding.
Is the following statement correct?
A.Some kangaroos act alone
B.Kangaroos often come together to find water and food
C.The most serious threat to kangaroos is human capture
D.Kangarooes die in drought

a
Zhouzhuang's tourism income has exceeded the 100 million yuan mark for many years in a row.In southern Jiangsu, although the cultural ancient towns comparable to Zhouzhuang are not in the minority, the tourism income can only be expected from Zhouzhuang.An old man in the local area said that Chen Yifei painted in the 1970s The double bridge here, this painting was awarded in the United States and was collected by the then oil tycoon Hamer.At the time of Deng Xiaoping's visit to the United States in 1979, Hamer gifted the painting to him and said that it was near Shanghai, China A small town.After several media recommendations, Zhouzhuang has become a tourist hot spot, which has led to the tourism of the entire Zhouzhuang.Now, browsing the ancient town of Jiangnan, Zhouzhuang has become the first choice.
What is the most correct understanding of this text?
A.Cultural communication can be an important opportunity for urban development
B.Tourism is a breakthrough for the rapid development of urban economy
C.Cultural exchange is an important content of international exchange
D.Culture is an important force for economic development

c
Once, the radio invited a business wizard to be a guest to preside over the success.He said, "Let's take a test to test you.A gold mine was found somewhere, so people swarmed to mine.However, a big river It s blocking the road that must be passed.If it s you, what is it good for? Some said it was detoured, and some said it was past, but he said, Why ca nt I buy a boat and run it? In that case, , If you slaughter the duke, they will be willing, because there is a gold mine ahead! "
Does the text show that the truth is not included?
A.Doing what others don't want to do, and doing what others don't, this is the way to success
B.Dilemma often means a potential opportunity in the eyes of the wise, but we never think of it
C.It is this inadvertent idea that will allow you to solve the problem inadvertently
D.Cultivate multiple thinking and learn to understand things from multiple perspectives before you can succeed

b
According to a survey released by a scientific research institution, while the reading rate of books continues to decline, the online reading rate has increased year by year, soaring from 3.7% in 1999 to 47.8% in 2008.In the face of the unstoppable information technology revolution, traditional It's really not a trivial matter for libraries to hold their ground or even expand.
According to the text, what is the incorrect expression?
A.Traditional libraries need to keep pace with the times to attract readers
B.People are increasingly dislike reading
C.The information technology revolution is changing how people read and how they read
D.The information technology revolution has put some pressure on traditional libraries

c
There are two factors that have a huge negative impact on the results of scientific research: one is the atmosphere of secrecy prevailing in scientific research, and the other is the lack of personal freedom of researchers.
What is wrong with this passage?
A.The results of scientific research are often subject to human interference
B.Scientific researchers need personal freedom
C.A climate of secrecy prevailing in scientific research determines the lack of personal freedom of researchers
D.Many scientific studies are conducted in a confidential atmosphere

a
Early development, height growth begins early, growth peaks appear early, and growth stops early, and the entire growth process may be shorter.Therefore, although children of early development types appear higher than children of the same age at the beginning, they may be older than adults.Developed short and heavier than a child of the same height who developed later.
Can it be inferred from this passage?
A.Among children of the same age, the height of early development is not necessarily higher than that of late development
B.Early developmental type children appear taller than their peers
C.Children of early developmental type weigh more than children of the same age
D.Early developmental types are more mature than later ones

a
The development of history can't be slashed, but an organism.Just like a person, from adolescence to old age, there is a consistent thing in his body, not that everything must be done from the beginning at a stage.For example, respect, These basic morals, such as honesty and trustworthiness, can exist beyond ideology.I call them "human genes" .It is not only inherited, but also inherited to some extent.
What is incorrect in this text?
A.The development of history is like an organism that can go beyond ideology
B.The so-called "human genes" mainly refer to those basic morals that can exist beyond ideology
C.Morality such as respect, honesty, and trustworthiness can be inherited and even inherited
D.The development of history is inseparable from the "human gene"

c
Instead of the old bourgeois society in which class and class opposition existed, there would be a union where the free development of everyone is a condition for the free development of all people.
What does "where" in this passage refer to?
A.Free development for everyone
B.Free development for all
C.Such a union
D.There is a class and class-opposed society

b
Society exists not only through transmission and transmission, but rather, it exists in transmission and transmission.
What is wrong with this passage?
A.Transmission and communication are the foundation of social existence
B.Transmission and communication exist independently of society
C.Transmission and communication are inseparable from society
D.Transmission and communication make sense for society

c
Should our intellectuals come forward and teach the truth to power as Jacobs did, and bravely assume the social responsibility of intellectuals?
What can't be inferred from this passage?
A.Jacobs is a man who stepped forward to teach the truth to power
B.Jacobs is a man who bravely assumes the social responsibility of intellectuals
C.Our intellectuals cannot take social responsibility
D.Our intellectuals lack the courage to take corresponding social responsibility

d
Experts unexpectedly discovered when studying "Williams Syndrome" that people with musical and mathematical talents are actually caused by abnormal gene arrangements or deletions, and the same genetic disorder can also lead to mental illness such as schizophrenia.Most children with "Williams Syndrome" are born with 20 genes misaligned in number 7 in their bodies.This is true for every 20,000 people worldwide.
What is the author most likely to focus on next?
A.What is "Williams Syndrome"
B.The significance of chromosome 7 to humans
C.Typical cases of "Williams syndrome"
D.Genetic disorder and genius

b
The wind is a conveyor belt over the earth, which blows the sand and dust of the continent to the ocean and the water vapor of the ocean to the continent.When the sand and water vapor meet, they can be combined into clouds and eventually become precipitation.It plays an important role in the distribution and supplement of water, and also plays an important role in the global water cycle.It can be said that sand and dust are also factors that determine the global ecological balance.
What is wrong about the phrase "sand dust is also a factor determining the global ecological balance?"
A.The weather phenomenon of sand and dust has existed since ancient times, and it plays a certain role in the ecological balance of the earth.
B.Sand and dust gradually accumulate to form sand storms, which plays a role in maintaining ecological balance globally.
C.Sand and dust contain alkalinity, which can balance the acidic substances in the atmosphere, thereby slowing the occurrence of acid rain
D.Sand and dust not only play an important role in the distribution and replenishment of soil, but also in the global water cycle

b
Employees are entitled to work-related injury insurance if they are injured or sick during work hours and places.The so-called work-related injuries or occupational diseases include injuries caused by accidents and illnesses that have accumulated over time due to work.Liability in an accident or illness, or how much responsibility is, has nothing to do with eligibility for insurance.
This passage supports the idea that?
A.Employees are eligible for work injury insurance if they are injured or sick
B.Employees are eligible for work injury insurance if they are injured or injured
C.Whether or not employees can enjoy work-related injury insurance is related to whether the employee himself is responsible for the accident
D.An employee is injured in an accident, other employees who are responsible should bear part of the responsibility

a
Human society as a large system includes three systems: economy, politics, and culture.The economic system provides material benefits to society and optimizes the allocation of resources.The political system provides society with legal system, order, and justice.The cultural system provides social production and communication.Knowledge provides spiritual motivation and moral cohesion.The three are intertwined and indispensable.
What can be inferred from this passage?
A.Economic system cannot operate without cultural system
B.Political and economic systems are irrelevant
C.Cultural systems can also provide material benefits to society
D.Economic systems can be dominated by political and cultural systems

d
In order to avoid the bankruptcy of the pension system, the British government has reformed the system from four aspects: First, increase pension insurance contributions.From the financial year 2011-2012, the contribution ratio of employees and employers will each increase by 1%, totaling as 25.8%.The second is to postpone the retirement age.Regardless of the age at which men and women receive pensions, they will further increase.The third is to reform the occupational pension, stipulating that the second pillar of voluntary occupational pension will become a compulsory occupation from October 2012.Pensions require all annual income of more than 7,475 pounds, aged between 22 and the legal retirement age, and workers who have not participated in any occupational pension plan will "automatically join" the occupational pension plan.The fourth is the establishment of government funding The low-cost national occupational savings trust.The savings trust has an ultra-low 0.3% annual management fee rate.At that time, the third pillar of private pensions, personal life insurance will be more integrated with the second pillar, and the national occupational savings trust platform will be unified.And thus constitute the main body of the British pension.
What is the essence of the UK government's pension system reform measures?
A.Add more pensions to choose from
B.Uniform use of the national occupational savings trust platform
C.Enhancing the attractiveness of the occupational pension system
D.Increase pension income and save

a
Scientists have always thought that the language center in the brain sets us apart from the closest evolutionary relatives of human blood.In fact, the two are similar.Perhaps it is time to start to re-examine the origin of monkeys and human language.A recent new The study found that the location of the brain area related to human language ability is very different from what scientists have always thought.This area that controls language ability is closer to the center of the brain, 3 cm closer than previously thought.This means that the human brain and monkey brain The similarity is higher than previously expected, and according to research, we may need to re-examine the origin of monkeys and human language.
What does this text mean?
A.The relationship between monkeys and the origin of human language may be closer than imagined
B.The similarity between the human brain and the monkey brain far exceeds our imagination
C.The "linguistic center" location in the human brain may be different than previously thought
D.The "linguistic center" in the brain determines the difference between humans and monkeys

a
The group buying industry is indeed worried about the disease.From the point of view of the actual environment of the group buying industry, in the short term, capital is increasingly depleted, endogenous development is weak, and the industry reshuffle storm is approaching.In a chaotic pattern, only death cases continue to occur.Only to clarify the market, to prevent bad coins from expelling good coins, and to "blow up the yellow sand before seeing gold".At the same time, the author believes that the heavy lessons of the "dead" will stimulate the desire for survival of the perpetrators.I hope that "death" When the group buying industry began to fall, the fall of the peers could touch the souls of the valuable survivors, push oneself to the next, and have compassion, so that they can reflect on themselves and seek to strengthen themselves.The flogging of capital, the followers of the group buying industry Don't expect the public to sympathize with you: good products and valuable services are the best medium for interaction and communication with the public; only if the creative soul is immortal can the Phoenix Nirvana.
Which of the following does not meet the author's attitude towards "group buying"?
A.full of expectations
B.Goodwill advice
C.Blame criticism
D.Rational analysis

c
At the beginning of the 5th century, Japanese phonetic characters of borrowed Chinese characters called "kana" appeared.In the 8th century, the use of Chinese characters to mark Japanese phonetics was relatively fixed.Its mark is the compilation of "Manye Collection", so it is called " "Manye Kana" is the basis for pure Japanese phonetic script.The final creation of Japanese characters was done by Kibi Kibe and Hiroshi (Korai).Both of them had stayed in the Tang Dynasty in China for a long time.Deep research.The former caused the Japanese "katakana" based on the kanji kanji radical of the standard syllabary, and the latter created the Japanese "hiragana" by using the kanji cursive style.To this day, more than a thousand Japanese characters that have occupied an important position in the world still remain Simplified Chinese characters.
What does this text mean?
A.Historical Process of Japanese Characters
B.The influence and status of Chinese characters in Japan
C.The influence of Chinese characters on Japanese characters
D.The connection between Japanese characters and Chinese characters

d
Online film reviews have risen rapidly and flourished under the ecological environment of traditional film review collective aphasia.With the support of the Internet, online film reviews have shown open, interactive, and convenient characteristics because they have broken through the boundaries of time and space.Because of getting rid of the reality of identity constraints and interest concerns, it can be truly disclosed and voiced independently.Compared with traditional film reviews, the advantages of online film reviews are more freedom in space, format, style and dissemination.
The author intends to emphasize through this text?
A.The rise and boom of online film reviews
B.Conditions for the rise and prosperity of online film reviews
C.The prospect of the rise and boom of online film reviews
D.Reasons for the rise and boom of online film reviews

a
As people live longer and retire faster, they have more and more time available.In Asian countries, the importance of enjoying a leisurely life is gaining new attention.As Asian countries are rapidly moving towards an aging society, They are trying to figure out how to better prepare other people to embrace life after retirement, and it's even more pressing as baby boomers start to retire.
This text is intended to discuss:
A.How to enjoy a leisurely retirement
B.How to solve aging society
C.How to solve the problem of baby boomer retirement
D.Life Extensions and Postponements

b
China is in a period of economic and industrial transformation.There is a shortage of skilled workers, especially a shortage of senior skilled workers, and a shortage of skilled personnel.This is a bottleneck that restricts the adjustment of China's economic structure and the transformation of its economic growth mode.Important reasons for jobs.Local governments should organize the mobilization of various resources, guide suitable urban and rural youth to choose vocational education, and take advantage of employment opportunities in China's economic transition.Vocational education is not only education for young students, it should also become continuing education A core component of the program, especially for migrant workers.
The main summary of this passage is:
A.Vocational education is well organized, well-off life comes early
B.Promote vocational education and improve talent capital
C.Do well in vocational education and accelerate economic transformation
D.To guide urban and rural youth to receive vocational education

b
A mountaineer encountered a blizzard on the way and soon lost his way.His cold protection equipment was inadequate.He understood that if he did not find a shelter, he had to freeze to death.When his limbs had become numb, he found For a person who is about to freeze, the climber resolutely stops, shakes off his gloves, and starts massaging the whole body of that frozen man.The blood of that person is circulated.The mountaineering team gets warmth in the continuous massage.So a miracle appears The two almost frozen men were supporting each other, and finally they walked out of the snowy mountain of death with great luck and happiness.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Unrelenting dedication, there will be unrelenting returns
B.Giving is mutual, helping others also helps oneself
C.Evil is evil, good is good
D.I am everyone, everyone is me

b
A famous Taiwanese musician recently used "feeding chickens" as an analogy to the current record company in the music market.He said: "Originally a group of chickens had to be fed chicken feed to grow up.Suddenly a record company fed broken newspapers and found that some chickens grew Yes, so other record companies imitate, all chickens start to eat broken newspapers, and after you feed chicken feed, they are not used to eating.
The main meaning of this musician is
A.Poor music works can't produce high-quality listeners
B.Record companies group up to sell poor music, lowering the audience's aesthetic level
C.Cheap and cheap music can only make listeners enjoy low-end happiness
D.The music market is mixed, consumers should keep their eyes open and learn to choose

c
In the process of human beings seeking a stable social order, law is always only a way to achieve, not all social relations can be effectively adjusted by the law, and not all legislation can solve complex problems in reality.Of course, it is not desirable, but focusing too much on the written activities of legislation and calling for more rulemaking is not necessarily a rational attitude in pursuit of the rule of law.
Based on this passage, what views or attitudes does the author criticize?
A.Focusing on legislation but not enforcement
B.Emphasizing the rule of law but not the moral
C.Social issues should be resolved through legislation
D.Perfecting the legal system is a prerequisite for the rule of law

a
We often say: The ignorant is fearless.This is a derogatory term.However, sometimes, it is because we don't know what we are facing, we will face life needlessly and believe that we can overcome any difficulties.But once we clearly see our situation, we will be constrained by our own hearts, and we will not be able to successfully overcome the difficulties that could have been customer service.At any time, do not be deterred by our own internal fear, this is the beginning of success .
The following statement does not match the text:
A.The ignorant may not be useless
B.Fear comes from within
C.Knowing your situation is not necessarily a good thing
D.Overcome your fears to succeed

a
Researchers have used the fossils of tiny marine life to reconstruct the global temperature since the end of the last ice age.Data show that the earth has continued to cool for thousands of years and then experienced an unprecedented reversal in the 20th century.This further shows the modern global change Warmth is not a natural result, but a result of increasing carbon dioxide emissions.Since the industrial revolution about 250 years ago, carbon dioxide emissions have increased rapidly, and marine fossil data show that 1990 to 1910 was the coldest 10 years since the past 11300 years.First, it is colder than 95% of other years.However, the study pointed out that 100 to 100 years from 2000 to 2010 was one of the warmest temperatures here.The global temperature record can only be traced back to 1880, from 2000 to 2000.2010 was the hottest decade here.
The following list does not match the original
A.Carbon dioxide emissions need to accumulate to a certain extent before they lead to the greenhouse effect
B.Time span of global temperature reconstruction using fossils far exceeds existing temperature records
C.For quite some time after the Industrial Revolution, carbon dioxide emissions increased and global temperatures continued to fall
D.The temperature reconstructed by researchers from 2000 to 2010 differs from the global temperature record

d
In the winter of 2008, more than a third of commercial beehives in the U.S.developed a colony collapse syndrome.All worker bees in some colonies suddenly disappeared or died, leaving only lone queen bees in the honeycomb.This syndrome has been passed on In many countries in Europe, such as France, Belgium, Italy, Portugal and Spain, etc.Without these bees, many crops related to human life would not exist, such as soybeans, cotton, apricots, sunflowers, etc.Almost a third of the world Food is all related to the behavior of bees.If they become extinct, it will be followed by severe food shortages, severe social problems such as hunger, violence and riots.
The following cannot be derived from the original
A.Queen bees are more resistant to ethnic breakdown syndrome than worker bees
B.U.S.colony collapse syndrome predates Europe
C.Swarm collapse syndrome can cause serious social problems
D.Lack of food is the main reason for the disappearance of worker bees

b
In China, the Mid-Autumn Festival is an important festival second only to the Spring Festival.This is because people recognize the importance of the festival in the development of farming culture.Therefore, the custom of spring festival and moon festival has long been known.To the Mid-Autumn Equinox ", so after the 1st century AD, it went from sacrifice to the moon and worshiping the moon to admire the moon, but it was not fixed on which day.The Mid-Autumn Festival took shape in the 8th century, and August 15 was in the middle of autumn, so it was called Mid-Autumn Festival.At this time, when the sweet-scented osmanthus is fragrance, people face the sweet-scented osmanthus, and associate it with the moon, and then they add the custom of laurel appreciation in addition to the moon worship.At the latest in the 9th century, the Mid-autumn custom of eating moon cakes has been appear.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Mid-autumn festival formation process
B.Why the ancients valued the Mid-Autumn Festival
C.What are the customs of the Mid-Autumn Festival?
D.Impact of farming culture on Mid-Autumn Festival customs

c
Super volcanic eruptions will exceed any volcanic eruption in human history.Researchers believe that when magma rises into the earth's crust and cannot break through, a super volcano may erupt.This result under pressure may mean that when magma When the final eruption rushes out, a certain point in a wide area will be completely destroyed.Doomsday theory believes that such an event will emit millions of tons of wreckage and release a large amount of toxic gases into the atmosphere, causing the entire world to fall into In the so-called nuclear winter, the worst part is that it could wipe out life in some areas, and even the entire planet.
The text mainly reveals:
A.Basic Views on Doomsday
B.Causes of Super Volcano Eruptions
C.Hazards from supervolcanoes
D.Threats to life on Earth

b
Early literature on development almost all concluded that developing countries were unable to establish social security systems due to poverty.This assertion has, to a large extent, justified the inaction of many developing countries in universal social health insurance.In most developing countries, informal workers and their family members, who make up the majority of the population, are generally excluded from insurance plans.However, it has been proven that even the poorest countries can pass on vulnerable groups in their populations.Provide public support to create a variety of forms of social security.
The main point of this text is
A.Social security system is related to the stage of economic and social development
B.Poverty cannot be a justification for social security inaction in developing countries
C.Social security systems in developing countries are inadequate
D.Vulnerable groups should be the focus of social security systems in developing countries

c
China's National Drug Administration stipulates that the chemical name and generic name of a drug are formulated by the National Pharmacopoeia and Drug Administration, but the product name is designated by the manufacturer.It is this latter rule that has created conditions for the rename and multiple names of many drugs.In China, there are more than 200 commonly used drugs with various names in recent years, of which 4 account for 20%, 5 account for 25%, 7 name for 15%, and 15% There are more than 10 names for some medicines, some have more than 20 names, and most have more than 40 names.All these medicines with multiple names are truly "changing soup without changing medicine", the basic content It's the same, just the packaging or individual ingredients are changed, and the effect is completely consistent.
This text is intended to explain
A.The trade name of the drug can be determined by the manufacturer
B.Commonly used drugs in China have various trade names
C.The phenomenon of more than one drug is very common in China
D.Drugs with multiple names have exactly the same effect

a
In the current society, fierce competition between people is inevitable, but because many people are disappointed, they do not hesitate to violate public moral ethics and rules and order in the end.In the end, it is not only difficult to take advantage, but sometimes they are hurting themselves.As the system becomes more and more complete, the behavior of too much gain and loss that violates the rules can only be to shoot yourself in the foot.For example, athletes train hard every day to win medals in competitions.When they have been waiting for a long time When the game comes, some athletes will be particularly nervous, and even intentionally or unintentionally do something illegal.
This text is intended to explain
A.Don't do violations because of too much gain and loss
B.Sound rules of the game help fair play
C.Good mentality is only possible for good results
D.Athletes should establish the right concept of competition

d
Biodiversity is the basic guarantee of the stability of ecosystems.This is the basic feature of a life-filled earth and an invaluable treasure for human survival.However, human life is reducing biodiversity at an alarming rate.Since the 20th century, the average daily One species became extinct, and in the 1990s, scientists estimated that 140 species were extinct every day, so 10% of the world's higher ranks and the survival of 3/4 of the birds were threatened.42 of the 270 species of turtles and reptiles worldwide %, 2/3 of the 150 primates are endangered.
This text is intended to emphasize
A.Biodiversity is the foundation of human survival
B.How to protect the biological diversity of the planet
C.Diverse species of Earth's life are on a sharp decline
D.Human activities have a serious impact on the Earth's ecosystem

d
The "money path" of private equity is to withdraw.Private equity funds have a good way out to be safe and secure.At present, there are 13 billion private equity in China waiting to exit.In general, IPO (public private equity) is the best choice for private equity exits.With the highest rate of return, private equity will naturally regard the IPO as a god.From the government's perspective, the threshold for IPO can be lowered by appropriately reducing the listing standards and the review system is a registration system.It can also realize the private equity fund by vigorously cultivating and developing the equity trading market.Exit.
This text is intended to explain
A.The government should improve the withdrawal mechanism of the fund
B.Vigorously fostering and developing the property rights trading market is the way for private equity exits
C.Withdrawal of private equity funds is an urgent issue
D.IPO (public offering) is the first choice for private equity exit

b
Regarding the relationship between national strength and the right to speak internationally, our public opinion often understands it one-sidedly, thinking that the size of the right to speak internationally depends on the strength of the country.Of course, this view seems to come from a confusing phenomenon in the world today.That is, the most powerful United States has the strongest international discourse power, and Europe, where traditional powers are concentrated, also has a large international discourse power.However, the reason why the United States and Europe have strong international discourse power is not just because of their strength.It is because the innovative ideas contained in their discourses guide the setting of most important international issues, and their discourse is logical and persuasive.Although it cannot be denied that powerful power is a positive factor for the right to speak, The right of international discourse has never been allocated according to the strength of a country.In some issues or areas, it is common for some small countries to have more right to speak than some large countries.
What does this passage mean?
A.The strength of a country determines the strength of the right to speak internationally
B.Enhancing the quality of discourse is essential to improving the right to speak internationally
C.The right to speak internationally is controlled by individual powerful countries
D.The influence of the power of dialogue on national strength varies in different areas

c
Some people say, "Three hundred Qi Baishi, can't compare to one Lu Xun." This statement has caused strong controversy, and many people have questioned the comparability of these two sages: how can literature and painting compare? However, in terms of social functions, if there is no Lu Xun, the spirit of our nation will be very different.After all, art cannot express the author's wish in language directly like words, and engraved indelible deep marks in the hearts of readers.For example, Lu Xun Although the illustrations in the novels "Scream" and "ᝡ墠help readers to have a concrete sense of the characters and connotations in the novel and promote their understanding of the content of the thought, they cannot replace the novel itself.Qi Baishi's paintings are painted with unique artistic strokes In addition to the spot images of nature and human beings, there are also sharp satires on social injustice, but in the end, they cannot exert a huge impact on society like Lu Xun's novels and essays.
What does this text mean?
A.Literature and art have different artistic values
B.Fine art is an implicit and indirect form of artistic expression
C.Literature has a stronger influence on society than art
D.Lu Xun has an unshakable position in the formation of national character

c
For more than 30 years since reform and opening up, China's economy has shown a powerful function of wealth creation: it has become a world economic power and many economic indicators are among the best in the world.Correspondingly, the people's outlook on wealth has also undergone major historical changes.From the rejection of wealth and the fear of wealth during the planned economy period to the pursuit of wealth and possession of wealth today.Indeed, poverty is not socialism, but it must not be overlooked that we must establish the correct The concept of wealth, with a clear understanding of the value and significance of wealth, has become increasingly important.
What does this text mean?
A.The rapid development of China's economy has improved the national material living standard
B.The pursuit of socialism includes the elimination of poverty and the wealth gap
C.People should correctly understand the value and significance of wealth
D.Chinese people s outlook on wealth has changed dramatically

a
In Europe, with the expansion of the powerful Roman Empire, Latin used to be the universal language, but with the decline of the empire, peoples developed their own language system by using Latin.Since then, European wars have continued and language It also penetrated into each other.After the Duke of Norman conquered Britain, French became the language of the court aristocracy, and speaking French also became a symbol of status and status.Until the beginning of the twentieth century, French was accurate in its meaning, so that it would not be ambiguous.It is highly respected in China, and the official diplomatic texts are basically in French.However, after entering the modern industrial society, with the rise of British and American countries, English has gradually become stronger.After the First World War, English and French became European countries at the same time.Working language of the conference.After the Second World War, due to the establishment of the US's global dominance, English gradually surpassed French and became the most widely used language in diplomatic settings.
What does this text mean?
A.There is a close connection between language and politics
B.Latin has a profound impact on European languages
C.The dispute over working languages in modern diplomatic settings
D.English has no place on the international stage

a
The fee standards for public utilities should try to ensure that the government does not subsidize or make more money.However, due to the lack of a competitive market, this is difficult to achieve.There are some public utilities with a service nature, or in order to take care of the low-income class, the fees are lower.It is even free and the cost is borne by all taxpayers.
What is the correct understanding of the above text?
A.Utility charges can be adjusted by the market
B.Utilities should implement free services for the general public
C.Low-income classes need care from all aspects of society
D.Public utilities must be funded by the government

d
The commodification of housing means bringing housing to the market, and mainly relying on market regulation to solve housing problems, it also means greatly reducing the burden on the government and reducing government intervention in housing.However, the government must not take a big picture.In the process of housing commodification, the social welfare component of housing is gradually decreasing, and operating profits will gradually become the target of chasing.The unreasonable phenomenon in the old housing distribution system is likely to be affected by some new ones.Reasonable phenomena have replaced them.During economic turbulence, new unreasonable phenomena also threaten social stability.When market regulation is weak, government intervention becomes particularly important.
What is the main point of this passage?
A.Commercialization of housing is an inevitable trend
B.After the commercialization of housing, the government will no longer directly intervene in the housing industry
C.There will be unreasonable phenomena after the commercialization of housing
D.Government still needs to step up in the process of housing commodification

c
Human resources experts believe that women are not different from men in terms of abilities, knowledge background and intelligence, and they have natural advantages in communication ability and affinity.In the information age, as team builders and information communicators, they are good at communication and communication.Affinity female managers are often more likely to be recognized by team members, and are more suitable for building the cohesion of the company and the motivation of employees.
What is the inaccurate understanding of this text?
A.Women are suitable for management
B.Women are good at dealing with various personnel relations
C.Women are not physically different from men in intelligence
D.The information age is more suitable for taking advantage of women

a
Although administrative decisions made strictly in accordance with a scientific way of thinking can reduce mistakes and achieve accuracy, after all, decisions are human actions.Humans do not operate according to laws like machines and produce products according to scale.
This text is meant to tell us:
A.Human subjective factors in administrative decision-making cannot be ignored
B.Human subjectivity is often the main cause of decision errors
C.As the main body of administrative decision-making, people need to regulate their behavior
D.A scientific way of thinking is a prerequisite for the scientificization of administrative decision-making

b
The content of Chinese traditional culture reflects the universal values of all human beings today, and is extremely modern.These contents are both national and all human: both traditional and modern.We use these contents in the international community.An easy-to-understand form spreads to the outside world and is relatively easy to be recognized, which helps to enhance the international influence and affinity of Chinese culture and enhance China's soft power in the international community.At the same time, it also helps to shape the civilization of our country in the world Friendly, open and inclusive image.
This passage mainly talks about:
A.International influence of Chinese culture
B.Ways to Improve China's Soft Power
C.Modern value of Chinese traditional culture
D.Significance of promoting traditional Chinese culture

d
The traditional Chinese cultural lifestyle is full of children and grandchildren.This is envied by the elderly in the United States.Confucian culture advocates "parents are not far away." Parents in poor areas take the birth of a boy as a guarantee for their own care.Americans I believe that cultivating children is a kind of social responsibility rather than self-sacrifice.The reward for children is not to feed their parents, but to work hard to make themselves successful.Although the United States has a relatively comprehensive social welfare system to protect the daily lives of the elderly, People lack communication emotionally with future generations.They feel helpless, lonely, and have been separated from their families for a long time.
This passage mainly talks about:
A.Americans envy the Chinese way of life
B.China's social welfare system is not yet complete
C.Elderly people in China are emotionally helpless and lonely
D.The night scene of the elderly in China and the United States is very different, which is the result of Chinese and American culture.

d
The dilemma in Asia is that the power to destroy the environment is the driving force for economic miracles.Economic growth means more output, more jobs, more food on the table, but it also means more smoke is emitted, more Of trees have been cut down and more chemicals are leaning towards the river.
This passage mainly states:
A.Asia's economic development conflicts with environmental issues
B.Environmental issues restrict long-term economic development in Asia
C.Green industry will become a new driving force for economic development in Asia
D.Economic development in Asia comes at the cost of excessive consumption of resources

a
In nature, the interdependence of species brings many benefits to related species.However, when one species is affected by a disaster, it also affects related species.Therefore, insect pollinating plants may be counted as insects pollinated by pesticides Decrease and face extinction.
This passage mainly states:
A.Negative effects of interdependence between species
B.The fact that animals and plants are interdependent
C.Disasters indirectly lead to species extinction
D.Consequences of human behavior in nature

c
The development of everything is a process of continuous improvement, and so is the development of the country.There is no problem-free country on the road to development.If the problem does not erupt, and no targeted precautionary measures are taken, then contradictions It will accumulate more and more, and the "energy reserve" of the problem will become larger and larger, once the outbreak is catastrophic.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.No country's development can avoid problems
B.National development is a process of continuous problem discovery and resolution
C.Take effective precautions to prevent the outbreak of problems
D.Strengthening the active guidance and resolution of the psychological emotions of the masses

c
If you look up all the time, you will always feel down; if you look down, you will always feel up; if you always feel behind, you will always look forward.The position cannot be determined by the gaze, but the position Eyes always exist.The key is that even if we are in a certain position, our eyes can still be cast in any direction.
The moral of this text is:
A.Even if we are in adversity, we should actively face the future
B.We should set ambitious goals to encourage ourselves and work for them
C.We should truly know ourselves and not be caught in the illusion of nothingness
D.No matter when, where, or what, we should think independently

c
Art is created by the people and cannot be separated from people's lives.In the people's social life, economic factors are a very important factor.It is difficult to imagine how people's social life would look without economic factors.It is also difficult for us to imagine how art without the participation of the people's economic life can be developed.In terms of opera, it was formed in the Song Dynasty.In addition to various factors, it is also closely related to the increasingly commercialization of the performing arts market in the Song Dynasty.Relationship.It can be said that this is an important reason for the formation, survival and development of opera.
"This" in the last sentence refers to:
A.Social life of the people
B.The artistic life of the people
C.People's economic life
D.Popularization of opera art

d
Nostalgia is a lingering sentiment of people.The reason why nostalgia has been eternal after years of washing is not because of its charm, but because the old things can give people with memories the thoughtful materials and make people Trigger life's perceptions or draw the motivation of life in the course of some or dramatic or broken changes that have been or are being experienced.
Content that matches this text is:
A.Nostalgia is an emotion with certain psychological effects
B.Remembrance of the past is the most basic emotion of a person
C.The object of nostalgia is something that causes drastic changes in life
D.The reason for nostalgia is that old things have a specific positive effect on people

b
Although the political empire of the ancient empire was its strength, it was also its weakness.It relied on military violence and monopoly advantages in trade to ensure that economic resources flowed from the edge to the center, but caused weakness in the society because the bureaucracy absorbed too much profit.Decline is inevitable when the cost of empire's rule is too high to support it.
This passage discusses:
A.How the politics and economy of the ancient empire affected each other
B.How centralized politics played a role in the evolution of ancient empires
C.High governing costs were the root cause of the demise of the ancient empire
D.The negative role of the bureaucracy of the ancient empire in the distribution of economic resources

c
The so-called "modernization" is to use high technology to preserve the most precious and important things of a nation, instead of upsetting the past and hurriedly transplanting a foreign thing.All the preservation of culture is not just to remember the past.It is precisely for the future, because those without the past will inevitably lose the future.
This text mainly emphasizes:
A.Development in the future is inseparable from the remodeling of national culture
B.Significance of using high technology to preserve national culture
C.The value of protecting culture for the future development of a nation
D.How National Culture Should Face the Impact of Multiculturalism

b
Some of the awnings on ancient cars are made of awnings, some are made of linen, etc., the top is relatively steep, and it is raised to the edge of the awning to become a curve.The advantage of this is that it can not block the sight of the passengers.The second is to make the rain on the canopy drain farther.
The main content of this passage is:
A.Introduce the materials and characteristics of the ancient car cover
B.Introduce the shape and function of the ancient car cover
C.Explain that the design of the ancient car cover is very practical.
D.Explain that the ancient car canopy is designed with both practicality and aesthetics in mind

c
China's mineral resource utilization is still relatively extensive.In some places, mining rich and abandoning the poor, one mine is more open, and large mines are small.It is more common.The total recovery rate of China s mineral resources is associated with a comprehensive utilization rate of 30%.It is about 35%, which is 20% lower than the foreign advanced level.Among large and medium-sized mines, 43% have almost no comprehensive utilization.With the development of mineral resources, the environmental protection and restoration of mines will become more difficult.Bigger.
This passage mainly emphasizes that China's mineral resources should:
A.Accelerating the transformation of the use of mineral resources
B.Strengthening mine protection and restoration
C.Make great efforts to increase the intensity of mineral resource development
D.Strictly stop waste in mineral development

c
Film and television drama remakes have always been both pleasing and scolded-using the popularity of the classics accumulated over the years, at least the applause is cheaper than the original drama, but they must also face the discerning eyes of old audiences.
This passage mainly talks about the remake of the TV series:
A.Possible difficulties
B.Situations that must be addressed
C.favorable and unfavorable conditions
D.Features different from original drama

a
Not many people have noticed the "real identity" of bottled drinking water.In the national standard for classification of soft drinks formulated by the Ministry of Commerce, bottled drinking water is defined as a "beverage" category, which includes "drinking natural mineral water, drinking "Pure water and other drinking water." Few people use it as a drink now.It is not as selectable as carbonated drinks in the form of forms.From the people's point of view, they are a whole and constitute the source of daily drinking water in the city.Part-the choice is nothing more than the brand.
The main points expressed in this passage are:
A.The definition of bottled drinking water needs to be modified
B.Too few varieties of bottled water on the market
C.Bottled drinking water varies by brand
D.Drinking bottled drinking water is extremely natural

d
When the little robot "Pyramid Rover" struggled to climb up the 64-meter-long "South Passage" alone, this 90-minute lonely journey seemed extremely long, just like the life of this dim martyrdom.The true meaning of the Arabic proverb, "A man is afraid of time, and time is afraid of the pyramid" is undoubtedly at this moment.
This passage is intended to emphasize:
A.The climbing process of the small robot is very slow
B.The traffic conditions on the pyramid "Southern Road" are very bad
C.Arabs fully understand the characteristics of the pyramid
D.Pyramids climbed by little robots have a long history

a
Wild kiwis originally grown in the Three Gorges area were brought to New Zealand in the last century to cultivate them.Now this kind of fruit named "kiwi" brings 300 million US dollars to New Zealand every year.After exporting to China, every kilogram It costs 50 yuan.
This passage mainly tells us:
A.China doesn't have great value in developing wild kiwi
B.New Zealand's environment is more suitable for kiwi growth
C.The value of "kiwifruit" is far superior to wild kiwi
D.Wild kiwi has extremely high market value

c
Labor-intensive exports began in coastal areas and have now begun to spread inland, while industrial upgrades have started in coastal areas and some inland cities.The development of the world economy is in line with the geese pattern, that is, higher-tech industries continue to be developed by more developed ones.The country is shifting to less developed countries.The development of China's economy is also in line with the geese pattern, industrial development is forming a gradient transfer from the coast to the inland, and industrial development is forming a gradient transfer from the coast to the inland.In the foreseeable future, this The model will continue.
The text mainly states:
A.There is an urgent need to accelerate industrial upgrading in inland areas
B.The development of coastal areas has come to an end
C.China's economic development model is consistent with the world
D.Coastal areas should reduce labor-intensive industries

a
The goal of building a social security system is that everyone will enjoy social security to varying degrees by 2020.The bottom line of the social security system is to prevent anyone from falling into a desperate situation due to difficulties in life, and to eliminate their survival crisis and survival fear.One person is desperate because of a difficult life, so this guaranteed network is flawed.
This text mainly explains the construction of the social security system:
A.Principles
B.Term
C.Objective
D.Meaning

a
In recent years, a variety of funny and frivolous network languages have invaded the territory of traditional Chinese on a large scale, and the image museum has continued to grow.Although there are still many different voices in the academic community and society regarding network languages, it is certain Yes, if there is no timely and reasonable identification and guidance, and let it flow, it will undo the poetry and charm of traditional Chinese, which will break the context of Chinese cultural heritage, and will also challenge the seriousness and standardization of the national language.It is in danger of gaming and random rewriting.
This text is intended to explain
A.Network language should be identified and guided in a timely and reasonable manner
B.The status of traditional Chinese is at stake
C.The poetry and charm of online languages are far less than traditional languages
D.Network language has a certain impact on traditional Chinese

c
With the improvement of social civilization, women's talents have not only gained more exhibition space in the highly rational industries such as media, universities, scientific research and finance, but also helped them create more and more outstanding performance.The roles of wife and mother still limit the potential of women.Therefore, behind a successful woman, there are often hardships that are difficult for her to understand.
What does this text mainly say?
A.With the improvement of social civilization, women's professional level is also getting higher and higher
B.Women are more suitable for highly rational industries such as media, university, research and finance
C.With the improvement of professionalism, women need to pay more to succeed in their careers.
D.Without the role of wife and mother, women's potential will be greater

d
The difficulty of China's reform is not to find problems and propose countermeasures, but to consider the fundamental and long-term interests of the 1.3 billion people in the reform.To avoid causing social unrest and avoid intensifying contradictions, it is both positive and secure.It is 30 years of reform and opening up in China The faith we always adhere to is also a magic weapon to overcome difficulties and overcome difficulties.
Based on the above text, what is correct in the following list?
A.Avoiding social unrest and avoiding intensifying contradictions are the most critical issues in the current reform
B.Maintaining social stability and taking into account the interests of the broadest masses is the most difficult issue for China's reform
C.China must consider the reality of its large population in its reform
D.Taking into account the relationship between development and stability is a magic weapon for the success of China's reform and opening up

d
Leaders and government officials sweep the streets.From the perspective of officials and agencies, this is of course a good thing.It can shorten the distance with the public and show that leaders are diligent in their duties for the people.However, from the perspective of the personal rights of cadres, voluntary labor is not inevitable Yes, but it cannot be driven by an administrative order.From the perspective of the sanitation department, if cadre normalization is necessary, it may reflect two problems.Either the number of sanitation workers is insufficient and manpower is short; or It is the sanitation workers who do not work well, leaving a lot of dead ends.
Which of the following can best summarize the above text?
A.Leading cadres take the lead in sweeping the streets, participating in voluntary labor is a violation of personal rights
B.Leading cadres to take the lead in sweeping the street can stimulate the work enthusiasm of the staff of the sanitation department
C.Leading cadres take the lead in sweeping the streets to shorten the distance with the public and promote harmonious relations between cadres and the masses
D.Leading cadres take the lead in sweeping the street, which will likely cause misunderstanding among the people and fail to achieve the desired results

a
In 1912, during an archeological excavation in Egypt, archaeologist Pohart discovered the half body of the Egyptian Queen Nefertiti in the 14th century BC and shipped it back to the country.Hart deliberately misled the Egyptian government on the ownership of the bust.In order to retain the precious bust, he asked Egyptian officials to view the cultural relics in the dim light and also wrote about the structure of the bust.The Supreme Council has repeatedly asked Germany to return the artifacts, at least for the time being it has returned to Egypt's homeland temporarily.
From the above, it can be inferred that archaeologist Pohart?
A.German
B.Egyptians
C.Americans
D.British

b
The landscape garden city is currently the ideal living environment for human beings.Why is Sheung Shui so important? Because human nature has a side that is compatible with nature.Humans are originally from nature.They are animals and naturally have nature.We Living in reinforced concrete for a long time, it is as if the child has lost his mother.Once we return to nature, we are comforted in our hearts as if the child has found the mother.
According to the above text, is the reason why the landscape garden city is the ideal living environment for human beings?
A.Natural attributes of human attachment to mothers
B.Human dependence on nature's animal attributes
C.Urban residents' nostalgia for rural life
D.City residents' longing for natural life

d
If it is said that "home appliances going to the countryside" gives home appliance companies the opportunity to explore the rural consumer market, then "entering the city" is more likely to create better sales performance for the company.Because in the city, residents are more likely to accept new life and consumption Ways.If Home Appliances Entering the City also received relevant government policy support and subsidies, companies should have reasons to explore new consumption potential in the urban market, which can give urban low-income and unemployed residents the benefits of home appliance product consumption..
Which of the following is in line with the author's point of view?
A.Home appliances to the countryside "you may bring good sales performance to the enterprise
B.Urban low-income and unemployed residents need more policy support and subsidies
C.The government should support enterprises' "home appliances into the city" and vigorously promote new products
D.Compared with the rural market, the urban consumer market also has the potential to tap

c
We must let the people know more about justice.To participate in justice, we must not only let the people know the conclusions of the entity, but also let the people know the process and participate in the process to form a substantive conclusion.Let the power run in the sun and demand judicial power Restricting and restricting self requires citizens to participate in consciousness.Participation acts like sunlight, so that abused power has no place to hide.
According to the above text, what is the key to people's participation in justice?
A.Increase awareness of citizen participation
B.Let people know the conclusions of the entity
C.Let people know the process and participate in it
D.Strengthen the self-restraint and restriction of judicial power

b
The production of ecological agriculture is based on the sustainable use of resources and ecological environment protection.According to the principles of coordinated adaptation of biology and environment, optimized combination of species, efficient operation of energy and materials, and balance of input and output, system engineering methods are used to rely on modern science.Organize production through the input of technical and socio-economic information.Through the food chain network and agricultural waste resources.Give full play to the potential of resources and species diversity advantages.Establish a virtuous material cycle system to promote the sustainable and stable development of agriculture.Unity of ecological benefits.
According to the above text, what is wrong with the following statement?
A.Ecological agriculture is a knowledge-intensive modern agricultural system and a new model of agricultural development
B.Ecological agriculture can integrate decentralized and local individual agricultural technologies to form intensive advantages
C.Ecological agriculture is a comprehensive agricultural system based on the principles of the ecological economic system
D.Ecological agriculture is a modern agricultural production mode that takes into account resources, environment, efficiency, and benefits

d
What is the mental state of cadres, which affects the lives and well-being of ordinary people to a greater or lesser extent.If everyone cheers up, they will do better in all aspects of work, which may increase society's employment.Increased farmers' income; it is possible to increase the number of desks in primary and secondary schools in poor areas.
What is the central point of this passage?
A.The mental state of cadres directly determines the quality of life of ordinary people
B.The improvement of farmers' living standards is inseparable from the leading role of leading cadres
C.Jobs may increase if everyone cheers up
D.Cadre style and motivation are the leading forces for advancing the development of our various undertakings

b
The essence of knowledge is discovery.Only in a free environment can people have more possibilities for discovery.Therefore, intellectuals are not essentially people who are familiar with ready-made conclusions.Intellectuals have to discover unknown things and suggest what is behind the falsehood.Truth.The purpose of education is to cultivate students' ability to discover and create knowledge.If education stays at forcing students to instill standard answers and "truth", it is fundamentally anti-education.
What is the subject of this passage?
A.The nature of knowledge
B.The nature of intellectuals
C.Cultivation of creativity
D.Purpose of education

c
In recent years, the government has used various means to promote the upgrading of the industrial structure and promote the sustainable development of the economy.However, the negative impact of economic transition policies on economic growth in the short term is obvious.Restricted industries will be affected in a short period of time.Slow growth due to policy pressure.At the same time, affected by factors such as inadequate support policies, lagging market cultivation, and bottlenecks in technological development, the growth of new industries will be slower and it will not be possible to hedge the negative impact of the former.
What does the former mean at the end of this passage?
A.Government's various policies to promote the upgrading of industrial structure
B.Negative effects of policy on economic growth in the short term
C.Restricted industries grow slowly in a short period of time
D.Policies, markets, and bottlenecks in technology development

c
As an enterprise, even a state-owned monopoly enterprise must pursue profits.However, from the perspective of "buying at a high price and selling at a low price", China's oil policy clearly has serious flaws."Buy" or "sell at a low price", its benefits are unscathed, and even get more from it.The only damage is the domestic economic and national interests.
This text is mainly emphasized?
A.The government should pay attention to the profitability of state-owned monopolies
B.The state should feed subsidies to state-owned oil companies
C.China's oil policy has strategic shortcomings
D.State-owned oil companies are profiting at the expense of national interests

d
Spirit and material are the two indispensable wings of human life, and one after the other, they complement each other, which is also the law of balance in nature.When material products are extremely abundant, people have fewer requirements for culture and spirit On the other hand, the nation is in peril and the country is in dire straits, and the sound of the "Yellow River" is ringing! A terrible earthquake, a sudden attack, and poems and chants in tears, make many people surging, lift their backbones and dry their tears! Economic depression It just needs to give people a cultural soul chicken soup!
What is the central point of this passage?
A.The ups and downs of the economic environment have provided rare creative materials for cultural products
B.In human life, the more abundant the material products, the less the spiritual needs will be
C.Often when the nation is in peril and national disaster is at the head, there will always be classic cultural works
D.When society is in crisis, people need more comfort and encouragement of literary and artistic works and cultural products

d
The public's attention to the Mao Dun Literature Award shows that we are not familiar with literature in the original sense, so we urgently need such an award to let everyone come into contact with literature.This is actually similar to our annual attention to the Nobel Prize in Literature.Attention is just a sign that we are becoming more and more unfamiliar with the current state of literature and works.
What does this text mean?
A.The public is not familiar with literature in the original sense
B.Public attention to the Mao Dun Literature Award is unprecedented
C.Public attention to the annual Nobel Prize in Literature
D.Our lack of understanding of the status of literature and works

a
With regard to the current increase in the real estate market, some analysts believe that the Chinese real estate engine may be restarted.If so, this will lead the Chinese economy out of the trough against the backdrop of difficult external demand.Compared with the situation in Japan in 1986, if the government guides Properly, China's economy may be the first to get out of the predicament due to the restart of the real estate industry.Of course, based on the experience of the United States that year, economic restart may be a relatively long process.
Based on the above text, which of the following is true?
A.The increase in transaction volume has brought hope to the real estate market and even the Chinese economy.
B.With the restart and revitalization of the real estate industry, China's economy will take the lead
C.Whether the real estate industry can become a pillar of the national economy again depends on government guidance
D.If the real estate industry can be restarted, it will take a long time for China's economy to get out of trouble

b
The scientific development concept is a scientific theory guiding development and a powerful weapon to cope with crises.We must use the scientific development concept to find a response, adhere to the path of scientific development, and overcome difficulties.We must further deepen our studies and deepen the spirit of the scientific development concept To understand the guiding significance of reality and practically strengthen the consciousness of implementing and implementing the scientific development concept, to analyze the situation scientifically, to strengthen the confidence of winning, to transform the pressure brought by the international financial crisis into a driving force for scientific development, and to implement it creatively from the ground up We will implement the central government's policy of "guaranteeing growth, expanding domestic demand, and restructuring", focusing on solving outstanding problems in economic operations and minimizing the losses caused by the international financial crisis.
What is the emphasis of this broken text?
A.To further deepen learning and deepen the understanding of the spiritual essence and realistic guiding significance of the scientific development concept
B.To be guided by the scientific concept of development and to respond to the challenges brought by the international financial crisis through our economy and society
C.To enhance confidence and turn the pressure brought by the international financial crisis into a driving force for the scientific outlook on development
D.It is necessary to creatively implement the central government's policy of "guaranteeing growth, expanding domestic demand, and adjusting structure" based on actual conditions.

a
Game theory seems to a layman to be just a bunch of mathematical formulas.Fortunately, game theory is concerned with daily economic life issues, so it must not eat people's fireworks.In fact, this theory brings competition from chess, poker and war.The terms borrowed from adversarial and decision-making issues sound a bit mysterious, but actually have important practical significance.
The most pleasurable summary of the above text?
A.Game theory may seem mysterious, but it actually comes from everyday games and has important practical significance.
B.As a branch of mathematics, the fields involved in game theory are mainly issues of daily economic life
C.Game theory appears to many laymen as a whole bunch of mathematical formulas, but it is not really esoteric
D.Game theory can explain many realistic problems in economic society with vivid and understandable game language

b
The breath of spring awakens the lazy cells, and the dazzling guides us yearning for the blossoming of the four seasons.The beauty of the splendid life and the peach blossoms give us the double comfort of senses and spirit.I think that maybe everyone retains deep in their hearts With such a romantic romance, every woman has transformed herself into that free Lolita girl.Home is an extension of our thoughts, and the essence of the owner's thinking and the desire in the heart are decorated in it.Here we have This kind of "encounter".
If the above text is a broken slogan, what is it best for?
A.Flower Show
B.Furniture Promotion
C.Home sales
D.Tourism promotion

d
Public welfare posts are supported by government funding, and social forces raise funds.They are mainly for resettlement of older groups with employment difficulties, and are management and service posts in line with social public interests.The "Beijing Civilized Vehicle Supervisor" mainly consists of "4050" personnel.Group, they experienced the deconstruction of self-identity in the laid-off, creating a crisis of self-identity and anxiety.However, in the public welfare position of civilized ride supervisor, they gradually got rid of the crisis of self-identity and played a new role In the role play, new group belonging and new self-worth have been obtained.In the pursuit of self-meaning, the self has been reconstructed, and self-identity and social identity have been obtained.
The main emphasis of this passage?
A.Definition of non-profit positions
B.Self-reinvention of Beijing civilization ride supervisor
C.Main psychological characteristics of practitioners in public welfare posts
D.Public welfare positions help practitioners to self-identify and reshape

d
Leading cadres should also have these three realms: first, they must have the lofty pursuit of "seeing the end of the horizon", the coldness of "withering the westerly trees last night", and the loneliness of "going upstairs" , Calm down and read through hard work; secondly, we must work hard, study hard, be willing to give up, persevere, work hard, work hard, work hard, even if the "band gradually widens", "I will never regret it," "I also willingly; once again, we must adhere to independent thinking, combine learning with practice, learn from understanding, and gain from using.We must" look for him in the public "in the study and practice, and finally" look back suddenly ", in the" dangerous place " Realize the true meaning.
Which of the following can best summarize the above text?
A.Reading should have clear goals and persistence
B.Reading should be combined with practice
C.Reading should pay attention to methods and skills
D.To love reading, study hard and be kind

a
The source of research is to flow.The study of ancient times is for reality.The creation can be outdated, and the philosophy of creation will not be outdated.As long as the epistemology and methodology of Chinese sages to create Chinese civilization are found, as long as the Chinese sages are asked to answer questions and answer questions The method can create new glory on the basis of sages.In other words, it can answer questions that western culture cannot answer on the basis of sages.
What does this text emphasize?
A.Studying the wisdom of sages and developing modern civilization
B.We can create a new culture on the basis of sages
C.Chinese sage culture can answer questions that Western culture cannot answer
D.Creation can be outdated, the philosophy of creation is not outdated

b
Although inflation expectations and actual inflation are not the same thing, they can promote inflation through continuous accumulation, and the behavior brought about by inflation expectations will increase the pressure of inflation.If it is not properly managed, guided and resolved, it may Being accumulated and enlarged, an inflation panic is formed, which eventually leads to "realization" of inflation.
According to this text, what is the relationship between "inflation expectations" and "inflation"?
A.Inflation expectations will eventually lead to inflation
B.Inflation expectations may lead to inflation
C.Inflation expectations are a prelude to inflation
D.Inflation expectations will increase inflation

b
Everyone hopes that their work level and ability can be improved.But in fact, there are always some people who really stay at one level without any progress or even retrogression.Staying on the status quo, today is no different from yesterday, and tomorrow There will not be any new intentions.This mentality makes some people unable to do anything.Whether they can grow and how they can grow requires everyone in the workplace to seriously think about it.Passionate work and numbness and stagnation work Are completely different worlds.
What's the point of this passage?
A.Work passionately in the workplace
B.Attitude determines "height"
C.People in the workplace should plan for the future
D.Everyone should improve their work level and ability

b
The development of digital technology has provided new high-tech means for the protection of cultural heritage.Various countries have introduced related measures and plans.However, after all, digital technology is only a technical means, and ultimately it cannot replace human wisdom and spirit.It may be degraded into a "digital trap." Virtuality may turn a culture into a "real" illusion, and at the same time, make cultural styles that do not have a strong communication force subject to "cultural unipolarity." ", Thus accelerating its demise in the" Matthew Effect ".
Which of the following is in line with the author's point of view?
A.Digital technology can provide good protection for cultural heritage as long as it is guided by the right ideas
B.Leading by the right idea is the premise of applying digital technology to the field of cultural heritage protection
C.The virtual nature of digital technology is good for strong cultures and bad for weak cultures
D.Digital technology will lead to the "Matthew Effect" in the field of cultural heritage protection

b
As global energy, environment, and climate change issues become increasingly prominent, space solar has attracted interest from countries such as the United States.In the long run, space solar will not only reduce human dependence on limited fossil energy, but also replace large-scale proliferation of nuclear energy.It is a way, and space solar energy will also bring a new era of space utilization and exploration.
Which item best reflects the purpose of the above paragraph?
A.Space solar has attracted interest from countries such as the United States
B.The development and utilization of space solar energy is of great significance
C.Space solar can solve current global energy problems
D.Space solar will revolutionize the aerospace industry

a
Professor Harrison, an American linguist, said: "Imagine if, for no reason, the whale is going to be extinct, or the pyramid is going to collapse, and the Amazon forest is being cleared, people will be very angry and try to stop it because those are human The common heritage is visible to the naked eye.Language is more ancient, complex, and delicate human wealth.Each language is a uniquely structured world of thought, reflecting a unique way of human existence.Each language has infinite The possibilities of expression, infinite collocation possibilities, their vocabulary, pronunciation system and grammar, combined with exquisite structures, are greater than any building we build by hand."
What is the emphasis of the professor's words?
A.To protect and rescue those languages that are dying
B.Language, like the ecological environment, is the common property of mankind
C.Language is more valuable human wealth than cetaceans, pyramids, and Amazon forests
D.Language deserves more protection than any building

b
Recently, international agricultural product prices have risen, and domestic food prices have also been affected.However, the domestic agricultural product market is relatively closed, and its supply and demand are basically still under strong control.The stability of agricultural product prices has determined the relative stability of C.PI.However, Vigilance cannot be relaxed.Once domestic agricultural product prices rise, which in turn triggers a chain reaction, inflation caused by rising agricultural product prices in previous years may reappear.
This text is mainly emphasized?
A.Domestic agricultural product prices are stable
B.To maintain the stability of domestic agricultural product prices
C.Rising international agricultural prices have impacted domestic grain prices
D.Inflation triggered by rising agricultural prices in previous years may recur

c
As a noble figure like Mrs.Curie ends her life, let's not just settle for remembering the contribution that her work has made to humanity.The significance of a first-class figure for the times and the historical process, in terms of its moral qualities Maybe more than mere intellectual achievement.Even the latter, they depend on the degree of character, far more than is commonly thought.
What do they mean by "they" in "they depend on the degree of character ..." in this paragraph?
A.Significance of first-rate figures for the times and historical process
B.Moral significance is greater than intellectual achievement
C.Achievements in pure intelligence
D.The quality far beyond ordinary people

d
The researchers extracted extremely fine particles containing nerve growth factor (NGF) from slow-soluble materials used for surgical wound sutures and mixed them with fetal brain cells containing cholinergic neurons.When the mixture was implanted in the brains of healthy adult mice, they found that NGF levels around the implant peaked after 7 days, and it did not return to normal levels until 3 weeks later.
What is the correct thing to understand about the "mixture" in the line drawing sentence?
A.Very fine particles of NGF and fetal brain cells
B.Cholinergic neurons
C.Cholinergic acetyltransferase
D.Nerve growth factor and cholinergic neurons

a
Time is the most personal, 24 hours a day to anyone; time is the most personal, 24 hours a day to anyone.
What is the main point supported by this passage?
A.Hurry up and spend your time
B.For those who do not take time, twenty-four hours are only twenty-four hours
C.Those who value time can make good use of it
D.In a sense, each person's time is somewhat different

b
History has told us more than once: when society is changing rapidly, new things are constantly emerging, old relationships are constantly changing, language is being impacted, and as changes occur, a big mineral deposit appears in front of us.Because of the laws of this language It is not yet fully formed, it looks naive, rough, and chaotic, but there are treasures in it that bury the "gold of language".If it is used indiscriminately, it will destroy the purity of the language.If it is processed and cast, it can create art A model of language.This is the reality before the writer.
What is the correct view of the following paragraphs?
A.When society changes rapidly, so does language.
B.With the rapid changes in society and language changes, writers should pay attention to casting language
C.In times of rapid social change, writers should shoulder the heavy responsibility of creating artistic language models
D.We are facing a large language mine, which indeed has treasure and gold

c
Scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Oceanographic Data Center's analysis of 5.1 million ocean measurements performed around the world from the 1950s to the 1990s pointed out that most of the heat was absorbed by the oceans during global warming.Over the past 40 years, the temperature of the seawater has increased by an average of 0.31 degrees Celsius within 300 meters below the surface, and the water temperature has increased by an average of 0.06 degrees Celsius within 3000 meters.
What is the correct summary of the information provided in the short article?
A.American scientists have done a lot of long-term measurement and analysis of the ocean
B.U.S.scientists find Earth is warming through long-term measurement analysis
C.US scientists point out that most of the heat is absorbed by the oceans during global warming
D.U.S.scientists use large amounts of data to prove rising sea temperatures

b
The appreciation activity is a re-creation of the artistic image that the artist has created, and it is also a re-evaluation of the life that the artist has evaluated in the work.Only after the re-evaluation, the appreciation can reflect on the life of the artwork.The social meaning involved draws its own conclusions and is educated by them.
According to the text, what does "recreation" mean?
A.Imagination and experience activities based on the experience of the viewer
B.The process by which the admirer transforms the image in the work into the image in his mind
C.Admirers discover or discover the thought content of artistic images
D.Appreciation process of adding and even changing the image in the mind

c
Magnetism is a very common phenomenon that can be seen everywhere in our daily life.From electronic equipment, power systems to communication automation control, magnetic effects and magnetic materials are everywhere.With the development of magnetic technology, its application range.It has also expanded to the fields of biological sciences, agriculture and forestry sciences, and emerging environmental sciences.
What can't we deduce from this text?
A.Magnetic applications will become wider and wider
B.Magnetic phenomena may also exist in emerging environmental sciences
C.Magnetic phenomena in daily life
D.Magnetic phenomena can be seen everywhere in life

b
Just as Darwin discovered the development law of the organic world, Marx discovered the development law of human history, which is a simple fact that has always been covered by a variety of ideologies: people must first eat, drink, live, wear, and then engage in politics, science, art, religion, etc., so the direct production of material means of living, and thus a certain stage of economic development of a nation or an era, forms the basis for people's national system, legal viewpoints, art and even religion Ideas are developed from this foundation, and therefore must also be interpreted from this foundation, not the other way around.
What's the point of this text?
A.Darwin finds the development law of the organic world and its significance
B.Marx's law of human historical development and its significance
C.The production of direct material means of living is the foundation
D.People's national system, legal perspective, art and even religious ideas must be explained on this basis

a
Credit to an individual is like an image to a product.It is not advisable to obtain credit for a short period of time.Honest and trustworthy people have a good image.This image is an intangible asset.
What does the above text mainly explain?
A.Good credit is a personal intangible asset
B.Belief in profit is encouraged for individuals
C.Product image is critical to the product
D.Personal credit is equivalent to the appearance of the product

d
Choosing a good school, "Do not let children lose on the starting line", is a "heart knot" that many parents cannot solve.This mood is understandable, but we should also see that education is a lifelong investment, and starting sooner or later is not a decision.The only factor in a person's development is too much emphasis on competition on the starting line, and too much emphasis on school choices, but it will increase the burden on the child and make the child "injure" on the starting line.
What does the author intend to emphasize through this text?
A.School is not high in children's education
B.Choosing a school is sometimes not good for your child's growth
C.A person's development depends on whether he chooses to study in a good school
D.Education is a lifetime investment, and parents should not overemphasize the role of school selection

a
Making the "cake" bigger has united the people's hearts; dividing the "cake" well can further unite the people's hearts.In recent years, due to the rapid increase in financial strength, the proportion of funds invested by a city in education, health, retirement and other people's livelihood causes Coming bigger.
What is the most accurate understanding of the "cake" in the text?
A.Fiscal expenditure
B.Productivity levels
C.Economic development goals
D.Economic development model

a
Calculated in terms of food supply, although the self-sufficiency rate of grain in China fell to 90% in 2011, the main source of imports was soybeans rather than grains.The self-sufficiency rates of the main cereal varieties, rice, wheat, and corn, still exceeded 98%.
What does this text say?
A.China's grain self-sufficiency rate remains high
B.China needs to increase imports of cereals
C.China's soybean supply mainly depends on imports
D.China needs to expand exports of cereal varieties

b
As of the end of 2011, the national population of elderly people over 60 years of age has reached 185 million, accounting for 13.7% of the total population.At present, China's pension beds only account for 1.5% of the national elderly population, not only less than the 5% -7% of developed countries.It is also lower than the proportion of 3% -4% in some developing countries.
What does the author mean by this text?
A.China has entered an aging society in advance
B.China's aged care hardware facilities lag behind the aging process
C.China's pension development lags behind other countries in the world
D.The development intensity of the endowment cause should be aligned with the developed countries

d
Every culture created by mankind is a dynamic living body, and various cultures come together to form various cultural communities, cultural circles, and even cultural chains similar to the food chain.They are interconnected into a dynamic life.The net, as an integral part of the human culture as a whole, has its own value and plays its role in maintaining the integrity of the entire human culture.
What does the text mainly show?
A.Human culture is essentially a dynamic life form
B.The gathering of human culture is similar to an ecological system
C.Human culture itself is like an ecosystem
D.Human cultures are interconnected to form a dynamic network

c
Ding Lei raises pigs, Liu Chuanzhi sells aquatic products, and Liu Qiangdong grows rice ...Nowadays, the IT industry elites are "bringing their armors back to the fields".While continuing to strengthen the information industry, they have invested heavily in agriculture.From the most advanced electronic technology to the most traditional The farming and breeding of others seems to be irrelevant, but in the face of Chinese agriculture with a small scale of operation, a low degree of organization, and a weak technological strength, the pride of the IT industry "watching the wheat fields" is fancy Its future development potential.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.China's agriculture is getting more and more attention
B.IT industry elites' eyes shift to agriculture
C.China's agricultural industry faces new opportunities
D.China's agriculture has bright development prospects

d
Medically, no matter what age, overweight people have an increased risk of hypertension, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, and these diseases are also risk factors for kidney disease.Researchers have measured 1830 6- to 14-year-olds.Of the children in Japan, urine tests showed that 27 children had symptoms of kidney disease such as persistent proteinuria and increased red blood cells in the urine.After comparison, it was found that these children with abnormal urine tests had height body mass index (B.MI) and systolic blood pressure ( High pressure) is significantly higher than children with normal urine tests.
Can you see from this text?
A.Children should pay attention to prevent the occurrence of kidney disease
B.Overweight is the cause of nephropathy
C.An increasing number of obese children with kidney disease
D.Childhood obesity is associated with kidney disease risk

d
One of the direct consequences of inflation is the reduction in the purchasing power of cash.A retired female Russian scientist complained that the money she and her family had accumulated in a hard life was stored in a bank, which had been enough to spend decades, but inflation made them save money Only enough to buy a kilogram of sausage.An honest worker who suffers such an unfair loss will naturally have anger and even violate the law.When there are many people who think so in society, the moral level of society will be greatly reduced, and society The stability of the
What is the main point of this passage?
A.Inflation will greatly damage the interests of honest workers
B.Urban workers are liable to violate the law if they suffer unjust losses
C.Inflation can greatly reduce the standard of living of honest workers
D.A serious consequence of inflation is the disruption of social stability

b
In the 1990s, Kodak was recognized as one of the five most valuable brands in the world.According to statistics, Kodak holds at least 100 digital images and image patents.However, the market is changing rapidly, and after the peak, Kodak irreparably began to go downhill.Kodak has also tried to transform, for example, it had wanted to copy the successful business model to the newly expanded pharmaceutical and chemical industries, but it failed due to lack of relevant fields of technology and expertise.At the same time, Kodak was reluctant to give up high-profit margins.Leading the film business and gradually losing its leadership and innovation.
This text is intended to illustrate?
A.Past efforts and achievements are the company's most valuable asset
B.Continuous innovation and upgrade of technology is the guarantee of sustainable development
C.Successful business models in one industry are difficult to replicate in other industries
D.It is difficult to achieve success once and for all, and market advantages are often fleeting

a
The full name of "Super Online Banking" is the "Online Payment Interbank Clearing System".By building "one-point access, multipoint docking" system architecture, it realizes "one-stop" online cross-bank financial management.It is a standardized cross-bank online research and development network developed in 2009.Financial service products, officially launched on August 30, 2010."Super Internet Banking" can not only use the current online banking services, but also query other bank accounts across banks, and even transfer money from other bank accounts to the current account across banks.
According to this text, what is the role of "super online banking"?
A.Inter-bank transfers and management of inter-bank accounts
B.Unified identity verification and cross-bank account management
C.Cross-bank fund transfer and cross-bank fund collection
D.Unified direct platform and cross-bank fund transfer

b
The so-called good and bad actually originates from our measurement standards.Each child has its own characteristics, not only because of poor performance, it is positioned as a "poor student".What we want to cultivate is to have true integrity, kindness, and sincerity Waiting for beautiful and moral children, let them have a positive and optimistic attitude towards life, know how to respect themselves, respect others, have their own hobbies, be responsible, confident, tolerant, generous, and provide assistance when others need help Hands.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.Cultivation of children's morals and attitudes to life is more important than achievement
B.We should not use performance as the sole criterion for measuring children's good and bad
C.Children with good morals and positive attitudes are good children
D.Morality and attitude to life are important criteria for judging children's good and bad

b
Mass media is mainly carried out through newspapers, television, radio and other platforms.Interpersonal communication refers to holding forums, public open days and other activities to achieve interpersonal communication.New media combines the advantages of both mass media and interpersonal communication.With both comprehensiveness and precision, it can face millions or even tens of millions of audiences at the same time, and it can also achieve one-to-one communication between the communicator and the audience.Help us achieve two or even more retransmissions.
According to the above text, what is the inaccurate understanding of "new media"?
A.New media is based on mass media communication and interpersonal communication
B.The audience of new media has changed from the target of communication to the main body of the communication
C.New media helps us achieve a second or even multiple re-dissemination
D.The two-way interaction of new media reflects its differences and advantages from traditional media

a
When it comes to social justice, most people answer is equal opportunity.When talking about equal opportunity, people's minds often appear on the starting line in the arena.As long as everyone stands on the same starting line, competition is fair, so the final result Whatever it is, is fair.The question is: what conditions must be met before we can stand on the same starting line? Furthermore, when we use the metaphor of starting line to think about justice, what kind of moral imagination is behind it?
What is the main point of this passage?
A.The concept of equal opportunity, not just staying on the same starting line
B.Equal opportunity can only be achieved by standing on the same starting line
C.Equality of opportunity is an effort to ensure a fair starting point and allow competitors to play freely
D.The so-called starting point fairness is to wipe out all the differences between competitors

b
In some grass-roots units, there is always a phenomenon of "talking back" between the masses and cadres, and some of them also cause antagonism between the cadres and the masses.The reason is that some grassroots cadres have ignored the masses' "psychology".When people are criticized by others, the metropolis instinctively generates a sense of justification, that is, the "psychology of confession." Even if there are obvious and inexcusable wrongs, some people will say a few objective reasons To justify yourself and dilute the bad effects caused by your obsolescence.Generally speaking, the "psychology of confession" mainly has the following two manifestations: one is to explain the problem through confession, and the other is to avoid responsibility.
Based on the above text, is the following statement correct?
A.The reason why the masses "justify" themselves is to let cadres understand the real situation
B.The "justification" of grassroots cadres towards the masses should be distinguished from different situations and handled properly
C.People who do wrong but are lucky enough to evade responsibility are prone to "confidence"
D.Disputes between grassroots cadres and the masses are due to the neglect of the masses' "psychology"

c
The reason why Chinese culture has maintained strong vitality throughout its thousands of years of historical evolution is that Chinese culture has both distinctive ethnic characteristics and at the same time, it is good at absorbing relevant factors from different nationalities, different countries, and different regions as a mechanism to improve its own culture.The organic element that cultivates cultural abilities.This is why Cuban Babylonian culture and ancient Indian culture have disappeared one after another, while Chinese culture has endured for thousands of years without breaking innovation and creating new civilization miracles.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.Only by continuously improving our own cultural mechanisms can we last forever
B.The key to Chinese culture's strong vitality
C.The disappearance of Babylonian culture stems from a lack of distinctive national identity
D.The Chinese nation should be good at absorbing the relevant cultures of different nationalities, countries and regions

b
At present, domestic laws and regulations on the protection of personal information are scattered, lacking both a definition of personal information and an operable standard, the absence of law enforcement subjects, and insufficient enforcement of the law.As for the problems of personal information protection, industry discussions believe that there are three main aspects: protection The degree of definition is difficult to distinguish between legitimate or illegal use of personal information; information leakage and evidence collection, it is difficult to determine where the personal information is leaked; law enforcement efforts are unified, and it is difficult to ensure that the law enforcement standards of multiple regulatory entities are consistent.
So, the key to personal information protection is?
A.Ensuring the full circulation of information while avoiding misuse of personal information
B.Combination of industry self-regulation and government supervision
C.To form a certain degree of law enforcement deterrence
D.To introduce special laws and regulations to protect personal information

d
In recent years, social hotspots have frequently occupied our sights.From the poisoned milk powder incident to the dyed buns incident, it has undoubtedly brought a huge psychological burden and mental confusion to the general public; the salt robbing incident that once caused a national sensation is more normal for society.A shock of order.Obviously, these social hot events have brought destructive or even destructive effects on people's social life.But the most serious impact is the continued negative effects of these social hot events.Proliferation, and public confusion and anxiety caused by it.
According to this text, it can be seen that the author's intention is?
A.Call for effective suppression of the spread of negative effects of hot social events
B.The negative effects of critical social hotspots confuse the public
C.Reveal the essence of the spread of the negative effects of hot social events
D.Remind people to improve their ability to identify social hotspots in a complex and changing environment

b
In the public impression, every increase in tailings management always occurs after a serious tailings dam breakout accident.However, the surprise tailings management method is unlikely to work lastingly.A large number of tailings are accompanied by the mine.Mining continues to increase.With the depletion of the mine, the tailings stored over the years are piled up on the slopes of the river bank.Because of the lack of effective treatment methods at the technical level, they can only remain in nature in an unsafe way of exposure.
What is the main message of this text?
A.We always attack tailings after accidents
B.If the tailings cannot be effectively treated, there will be various hidden dangers and threats
C.Remaining historical burdens and new hidden dangers have increased pressure on tailings management
D.What model of China's tailings governance will continue to be effective

b
The goal of the State's implementation of the "nutrition improvement plan for rural compulsory education students" is to effectively improve the nutritional status and health of rural children.Due to the geographical environment, food resources, dietary habits, and traditional folk customs of different places, to achieve this goal, it is necessary to achieve this goal.On the basis of empirical research on the health and nutritional status of rural children in various regions, we will propose a reasonable food structure and improvement plan according to local conditions.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.The nutrition of rural children needs scientific improvement
B.Differences in the way nutrition are improved
C.Nutrition improvement goals are identified through research
D.Different regions have different goals for nutrition improvement

d
China's scientific and technological progress has attracted worldwide attention.In 2010, China's total human resources in science and technology ranked first in the world, the number of international scientific and technological papers ranked second in the world, and the number of invention patents ranked third in the world ...but the survey showed that China's talent capital The contribution rate of economic growth is much lower than that of Western countries, and the external dependence of key technologies is significantly higher than that of Western countries.
What is the main message of this text?
A.Lack of support for key core technologies has become a bottleneck in technological development
B.China's independent innovation ability in science and technology development is not strong and its research foundation is weak
C.China's scientific and technological strength has developed rapidly and achieved many important results
D.China has become a big country in science and technology, but there is still a large gap with developed countries

c
The popularity of the Internet has made people begin to look beyond the perspective of historical development based on nations and nations, and see frequent interactions and exchanges between various regions and cultures in the world.And some multinational companies have taken advantage of the development and convenience of modern social information transmission.Its various departments can be distributed in various corners of the world according to needs, and communicate through telecommunications technology and the Internet.
What is the most accurate summary of this text?
A.The Internet has brought the world into an era of very convenient information exchange
B.Exchanges and communications in today's world have completely broken through national and national restrictions
C.The advent of the information age represented by the Internet marks the globalization of today's world
D.The information age centered on the popularity of the Internet has changed the traditional mode of communication and communication

d
Many economists count that India's prospects are bright because of its rapid population development, because it will gradually harvest the "demographic dividend".In the next ten years, India's employment will increase by 26%.These young labor will significantly reduce the dependency ratio of the population, This will increase the savings rate, promote investment, and promote economic development.However, the premise of turning the young population into labor is whether a country's education facilities are complete and adequate training is provided.What India lacks is also here, and research shows that although new Increase the labor population by 12.8 million, but India can only train 3.1 million people each year, only 1/4 of the new population and the remaining 3/4 will become a burden on social development.
What does the author mean by this text?
A."Demographic Dividend" Can Promote Economic Takeoff
B.The birth rate has a huge impact on national economic development
C.High birth rates help boost economic development
D.Lack of educational resources hinders economic development

d
Deterrence is actually to cause fear in the imaginary enemy, thereby preventing him from doing things that are not good for himself.However, there are two roots to this fear: first, the opponent must recognize the strength of the deterrent, it is difficult to imagine a weak country can deter the powerful United States.Second, the adversary must also believe that the deterrent will use its strength to achieve its purpose.In other words, the adversary must confirm the intention of the deterrent.If the opponent believes that the deterrent is not truly offensive Intent, so simple to show strength or verbal threat is meaningless.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.Deterrence achieves the purpose of deterrence by making potential opponents believe in their strength
B.The purpose of deterrence is to stop and fear the attacks of powerful opponents
C.The true and clear intentions of the deterrent can bring more fear to the opponent
D.The key to the success of deterrence lies in the perception of the deterred party

c
In August 2012, the "Administrative Measures for the Clinical Application of Antibacterials", which is known as "Only the most stringent 'limitation of resistance orders'", was officially implemented.According to the "Measures", antibacterials will be based on safety, efficacy, and bacterial resistance Factors such as price, price, are divided into three levels: non-restricted use level, restricted use level and special use level.Medical institutions and medical personnel should strictly grasp the indications of using antibacterial drugs to prevent infection.Physicians who use antibacterial drugs in violation of regulations will be punished by Warning, restricting prescription rights, revoking practicing certificates until criminal liability is pursued.
Can you know from the above text?
A.Antimicrobial abuse will be effectively curbed
B.Serious abuse of antibacterial drugs in China
C.Medical staff will use antimicrobials with caution
D.Authorities declare war on antimicrobial abuse

c
Stem cells are a primitive cell population with the potential for self-renewal and multi-directional differentiation, and are the cells of origin that form various tissues and organs.When mature somatic cells of the body die due to aging or injury, stem cells produce their substitutes at any time to maintain various cell regeneration And tissue repair.Unfortunately, with age, the ability of the stem cell population to proliferate and differentiate will be severely weakened.From this perspective, intervention and restoration of stem cell vitality in some way are expected to repair tissue function and achieve Delays the effects of aging.
What does this text mean?
A.The human desire to achieve youthful beauty depends on the application of stem cell technology
B.Rejuvenated stem cells can replace a variety of cells that die from aging or injury
C.Stem cell technology will help improve human health and quality of life
D.The human body ages because senescent cells cannot be replaced by stem cells in a timely manner

b
The "cloud plan" is likely to trigger a new round of information technology revolution and have a profound impact on the international situation.Simply put, "cloud" is the use of Internet technology for remote computing and data storage.As long as the user has one that can access the Internet Ordinary computers or mobile phones can perform complex calculations, and personal data can also be easily stored in the "cloud" through the Internet for storage.From a hardware perspective, the "cloud" is a group of computers, each of which includes hundreds of thousands of units, and even Millions of computers, which may be high-performance servers, or ordinary computers connected to the Internet, or even mobile phones.
According to the above text, what is the most accurate understanding of the "cloud"?
A."Cloud" is a computer cluster of hundreds of thousands or even millions
B.Without the Internet, the "cloud" function will not be realized
C."Cloud" technology is actually Internet technology
D.Who controls the "cloud", who controls the virtual world

a
Recently, reports that China s 2,000 tons of ground trench oil processed bio-kerosene was bought by Dutch Airlines have shocked nationals: Gutter oil has such high-end uses! It turned out that the trench oil processed by special technology can be used as a kind of bio-kerosene to replace traditional diesel and gasoline for aviation flight.Through strict national legislation and law enforcement, advanced technology investment and people's increasing environmental awareness and health Awareness, the kitchen waste oil is recycled, and after processing, it flows into industrial and mining, power plants, and even home car fuel tanks.
If this is the introduction of an article, what is most likely the content of this article?
A.Countries around the world are committed to researching the recycling of trench oil
B.Establish a complete method for the treatment of trench oil for the benefit of people's livelihood
C.Trench oil has become a truly renewable and clean energy source
D.China has a bright future in the processing and production of food waste

d
China's rare earth industry is facing internal and external difficulties: domestic, excessive consumption of resources, serious environmental pollution, illegal mining has been repeatedly banned, and a large number of rare earths have been exported and smuggled in disguise; foreign countries, the United States, Europe, and Japan have continued to export rare earth The pressure on China and the ultra-intensive mining for more than half a century have caused China's rare earth resources reserves and guaranteed years to continue to decline.Some experts pointed out that compared with the amount of human resources, China is now a country with rare earth shortages, but Industrialization has not been completed, and a larger amount of rare earth will be needed in the future.
What is the main message of this text?
A.China's rare earth resources are scarce and per capita resources are low due to over-intensity mining
B.China has paid a heavy environmental price for the mining of rare earths
C.Need to coordinate management of rare earth development, production and export
D.Domestic and foreign factors cause various difficulties such as disordered development of the rare earth industry

a
China s neighbor, Japan, is suffering from the dilemma of population reduction.In 1999, Japan s total fertility rate dropped to 1.57%, known as the 1.57 crisis.In 2006, this number fell to 1.04%.Japanese media was surprised Calling "the declining population has reached the point of endangering the country's rise and fall".At the same time, in China with a large population, the problem of declining birth is also emerging.According to the 2010 national census data, China s population aged 0 to 16 accounts for 16.60%, A decrease of 6.2 percentage points compared with 2000, and the total fertility rate is about 1.1%.Demographers exclaimed that China has entered the ranks of the country with the lowest fertility rate and a severe childbirth rate.
What does this passage mean?
A.The phenomenon of the declining birthrate in China has not yet attracted enough attention from Chinese people
B.Childhood has become a social problem that plagues China's economic development
C.China has a severe oligarchy and its total fertility rate is lower than Japan
D.We must value the threat posed by the problem of underpopulation

c
The preferential treatment and resettlement work should fully reflect the care of the party, the government and the people for the revolutionary heroes.There are many types of service targets for preferential resettlement, and the aging is outstanding.There are two major types of preferential treatment and resettlement, 27 types in 5 categories.And the service guarantee process is complicated.For example, receiving a resettlement key target, you need to review the resettlement plan, implement housing construction and purchase funds, issue a resettlement plan, and handle transfer procedures.After receiving it, you are also responsible for implementing political treatment and living.Dozens of service management contents such as benefits, medical insurance.
What does this passage say?
A.Preferential resettlement work is highly political and requires high policy guarantees
B.Preferential resettlement work is highly relevant, coordination and communication tasks are important
C.Special care for resettlement work is difficult, and service guarantee is difficult
D.Contradictions in preferential care and placement work are difficult, and the situation and tasks are difficult to adapt to

b
Public service advertising in China has a history of more than 20 years.However, for a long time, public service advertising in China has been largely dominated by the government.Its independence and autonomy cannot be fully reflected.Most of the media produced and released public service because of administrative orders Advertising, the poor awareness of actively taking on social responsibility, the direct result is insufficient public service advertising vitality and failed to form a wide range of social influence.In addition, driven by economic interests, the media will use public service advertising as a means of image formation, resulting in Public service ads are disconnected from the general public.
Wha does this text mainly introduce?
A.Development History of Public Service Advertising in China
B.Deficiencies and Limitations of Public Service Advertising in China
C.Characteristics of public service advertising in China
D.The development direction of public service advertising in China

b
"Knowing the world" as a literary criticism principle and method was first proposed by Mencius, a thinker during the Warring States Period.Mencius believed that future generations would have to associate ancient people, but it was not possible to read their poems.They must also understand their behaviors and The era of their lives, in this way, can they understand the poems of the ancients, and they can be intimate with the hearts of the ancients and become confidants.
What is wrong with this passage?
A.Human minds can communicate and resonate
B."Knowing the World" has been used as a literary review and has shown strong vitality
C."Knowing the world" can help future generations to associate ancient people and ancient people to become confidants
D.Understanding the ancients and his era helps to understand his work

d
Under the overwhelming evaluation system of learning, children are facing a serious lack of partnership and games.Experts from the Chinese Youth Psychological Growth Base said that things that reality can't give can be easily obtained on the Internet, but once children are exposed to the Internet, they will be deeply attracted by it.Without self-control and proper guidance, children may become addicted and unable to extricate themselves.
What does "reality cannot give" in the text mean?
A.Self-recognition
B.Relaxation understudy stress
C.Self-control and proper guidance
D.Partnerships and games

c
At present, although the floating population has entered urban work and life, it has not truly integrated into urban society.The isolation of the system objectively strengthens the geographical, rural, and kinship of the population, exacerbates social differentiation, and a new dual structure appears in the city.In some cities, the floating population and the registered population are upside down, and there is a conflict of economic interests between the migrant population and the local population, which can easily inspire social conflicts.The long-term separation of floating family members has resulted in child custody responsibilities, emotional loss, instability of marriage, and left-behind elderly and women suffer Violations and other issues affect family happiness and long-term social stability.
What do the above paragraphs mean?
A.Institutional segregation makes it impossible for migrants to integrate into urban society
B.The entry of floating population will lead to a dual structure within the city
C.Let the floating population truly integrate into the city, the society can last long
D.Solving the problem of separation of floating family members is the key to disrupting the dual structure of cities

a
For a long time, we have worked overtime as a manifestation of our employees' love and dedication.A comrade working overtime and overtaking tasks, even doing three people's work alone, is certainly worthy of recognition, and its spirit and enthusiasm cannot be read.Our country is developing fast.The high-speed economic growth is inseparable from the "surprise" of working overtime in all walks of life; it is no exaggeration to say that China's development achievements are the hard work and hard work of the Chinese.This should be a "profit" for overtime Side.
According to the above paragraphs, we can know that the author's views on overtime are not included?
A.Working overtime is a reflection of employee dedication and dedication, and should be strongly encouraged
B.The spirit and enthusiasm of employees working overtime is worthy of recognition
C.Overtime may also have a "disadvantage" side
D.Overtime work has become a common practice in all walks of life

a
Good officials must not only be honest and serve the public, but also be able to do practical things.What the people expect is "reformers", "behavioral officials" are not "unreliable officials".Without a tolerant and harmonious environment for officers and entrepreneurs, cadres will be fearful in their work, afraid to surpass and explore, and even less afraid to reform and innovate.When they see that some comrades have been held accountable for mistakes, they will remember Fear.To promote cadres who want to do what they want to do, we must adhere to the "three divisions", that is, we must separate the mistakes of prior trials from those of known reasons, distinguish exploratory experiments from lawlessness, and inadvertent negligence and private gain.differentiate
What do the above paragraphs mean?
A.Establishing a mechanism for discerning officials to explore innovative behaviors
B.Establish a relaxed environment for officers and entrepreneurs so that cadres can not be as thin as ice in their work.
C.Good officials must not only be honest and impartial, but also dare to innovate and be responsible
D.People should be differentiated and tolerant when officials make mistakes

b
The cultural and creative industry is a new business format that integrates elements of culture, creativity, technology, capital, and manufacturing.Americans rely on a glass of water (Coca-Cola), a bread (McDonald's), a chip (Intel), and a little mouse (Disney) Made a big creative industry.The profits and impact generated by these industries far exceed their automobile, steel and other industries.
Which of the following options matches the original meaning?
A.The cultural and creative industry is a forward-looking and comprehensive business format
B.Coca-Cola and McDonald's are one of the representatives of the American cultural and creative industries
C.The role of cultural and creative industries in the U.S.has replaced cars and the steel industry
D.U.S.automotive, steel industry is dying

d
Although the current university admissions test has received a lot of criticism, however, the university's independent admissions test that has taken a ten-year journey may continue to be taken year after year.After all, the independent admissions test is to restore the function of university talent selection It is of positive significance and obvious effect to truly select the talents that are in line with the concept of educating people.Fudan University said that 30% of the undergraduate students who enrolled in the university have their own academic results.Most of the performance in areas such as innovation awareness and innovation ability is better than other students.
Can the university's autonomous admissions test continue because of it?
A.Able to overcome criticism
B.Can select all-round talents
C.With more prominent talent selection effect
D.Contributing to talent selection in innovative universities

d
Because of the popularity of e-books, customers have changed their consumption habits, and many bookstores have difficulty operating.But bookstores can also make money by selling books because bookstores are not just a place to sell books, but also provide face-to-face communication.It is true communication that can continuously improve human relationships
The following does not meet the meaning of the above text?
A.The emergence of e-books makes bookstores difficult to operate
B.People can communicate face to face in a bookstore
C.Bookstores still need to continue
D.Bookstores run other businesses in addition to selling books

d
After the American Civil War, public health advocates called on the government to provide more public space-the pool called a "suspended pond" was born.At that time, clean water was clean and people could bathe directly in the river.But with the industrialization process, factories Sewage into the river increased, and the government eventually had to shut down most of the swimming pools.Even the remaining "suspended ponds" were introduced directly from the river in the past and turned to close the gates to introduce pure water from the outside.
Based on the above text, what is wrong with the following statement?
A.People need more public space is the reason for the "suspended pond"
B.The "suspended pond" was introduced directly into the river when it first appeared
C.Most "suspended ponds" have been closed due to environmental pollution
D."suspended pond" is the public bathing area in the river

c
Four years ago, at the time when the Chinese economy was hit by the financial crisis, consumer vouchers were widely discussed as a policy suggestion to stimulate domestic demand, and the practice in Hangzhou, Chengdu, and other places also received some effects.However, there are certain requirements for large-scale hairstyle vouchers.The impact is also very complicated, and the results obtained in some pilot cities such as Hangzhou and Chengdu are not universally representative.
What do the above paragraphs mean?
A.Hangzhou and degree pilot implementation of consumer vouchers to achieve results is only an accident
B.Consumption vouchers have a significant effect on stimulating domestic demand
C.China cannot yet implement consumer coupons on a large scale
D.Promoting consumer vouchers in other cities cannot achieve the same results as Hangzhou and Chengdu

b
An enterprise should have a correct concept of business and mission.If the company's basic ideas and policies are clear, then managers can exercise strong leadership accordingly, and everyone can judge right and wrong based on these basic ideas and policies This way, it is easy to cultivate talents.On the contrary, the managers will lack consistency in the leadership of their subordinates, and they may be dominated by changes in the situation or personal emotions, which is not conducive to the cultivation of talents.
What do the above paragraphs mean?
A.Strong leadership is a necessary condition for companies to cultivate talent
B.A clear mission and experience concept is conducive to the cultivation of talents
C.Operators should try to allow personal feelings and situational changes to influence their decisions
D.Without a clear business concept and mission concept, operators will not be able to implement strong leadership

d
Big data presents a beautiful and terrifying future for human beings: the beauty is that it will bring us greater vision and newer discoveries, and then change our work and lifestyle; the terrible thing is that It brings us more risks and greater challenges.In addition to the security of the data itself, it is more about people's privacy.At the same time, in the research and formulation of policies for the development of big data, we need to break Ideological constraints to advance with the times and advance with the Internet; need a strong centralized unified command and coordination mechanism; need to handle the dialectical relationship between development and security; and actively balance the responsibility and responsibility of global governance.
This text is intended to illustrate?
A.Big data policy choices need to consider development and security
B.Security issues will become a bottleneck for big data applications
C.The impact of big data applications on people's lives outweighs its disadvantages
D.The security risks of big data should attract sufficient attention

b
The key to the transformation of government functions is to properly handle the relationship with the market and society, ensure that the government is not "offside" in its relationship with the market and society, and "absent" in protecting basic public services such as people's livelihood and monitoring illegal activities.The government needs to clarify the boundary with the market and society, and clarify what the government should and should not do.On the one hand, further simplify the administration and decentralize the power so that the market plays a decisive role in the allocation of resources; The way of service stimulates social vitality and increases people's livelihood.
Can you know by appeal text?
A.Distinguishing the differences between markets and society can clarify government functions
B.Simplified administration and decentralization can help the government better monitor illegal activities
C.Protecting people's livelihood is to handle the relationship between the market and society
D.Buying services is an important way to transform government functions

c
Aerospace technology was born out of the ballistic missile technology developed during the Second World War.It is very difficult to calculate the trajectory by manpower.This has led to the birth of the world's first computer.It is the entry of humans into the information age.Promote the birth and development of integrated circuits; nowadays, cargo codes are everywhere in supermarkets.This technology was born when Apollo used the barcode to manage spacecraft ....According to statistics, more than 1,100 new technologies developed and used in China this year.80% of the materials are completed under the traction of aerospace technology.At present, there are nearly 2,000 space technology achievements and used in communication, textile, petroleum, transportation, medical and other industries.
What is the main message the author wants to pass through this text?
A.History of space technology development
B.The future direction of the development of space technology
C.Indirect impact of space technology development
D.Breakthroughs in the development of space technology

a
Cities are not only the political, economic, cultural, technological and educational centers of a country or region, but they have also become powerful engines of economic growth.The three urban agglomerations of New York, Chicago and Los Angeles in the United States, and the three major cities of Tokyo, Hanshin and Nagoya The three major urban agglomerations, including the Yangtze River Delta, the Pearl River Delta, and the Bohai Rim, have contributed more than half of the country's economy.
What is the most appropriate sentence to inherit the above text?
A.It can be said that the economic development of a country mainly depends on the economic development of urban agglomerations.
B.It can be said that any country or region should focus on the development of big cities
C.It can be said that the rise and fall of the city is related to the rise and fall of the country, and the development of the city is related to the development of the country
D.It can be said that the development of the city cannot be separated from the support of the state, and the development of the country cannot be separated from the support of the city

c
Today, the boundaries and separation between natural sciences and social sciences have been broken.Multidisciplinary intersects and penetrates each other, which is the result of highly differentiated and highly integrated science, technology, economics, and social integration.Therefore, the structure of knowledge The rationality and diversification of science and technology are new and higher requirements for science and technology practitioners.
What does the author mainly want to express through this text?
A.Deep integration has emerged between the natural and social sciences
B.Technological practitioners will face severe challenges brought by the integration of natural and social sciences
C.Technological practitioners need to have the comprehensive ability to use multiple aspects of knowledge
D.Technologists must have not only solid professional knowledge, but also broad knowledge

a
Goldfish is actually a kind of artificial domesticated catfish.About 2000 years ago, ancient Chinese people began to breed silver carp.As food and ornamental fish.Over time, genetic mutations and artificial selection made orange and red on silver carp.The colors such as yellow and yellow changed its dull and boring image, and also created the colorful goldfish that we see today.In the 17th century, goldfish spread to Europe and to the United States in the 1850s.
What does this passage mainly introduce?
A.The evolution of goldfish
B.Characteristics of Goldfish
C.Uses of Goldfish
D.Goldfish farming

a
The results of a survey show that if a family is very clean and spotless, the family's happiness index must be relatively low.The reason is that there must be a very critical person in this family.As long as you put things a little crooked, he is not comfortable In families with children, toys are not easy to take out and play, and they are always neatly placed there.It is a crime to stay in this family, not to mention the happiness index.
What is the main point of this passage?
A.Very tidy, spotless family happiness index is low
B.Children generally do not play toys easily in a tidy family
C.There are always members of the family who are pickier, and the family will be very neat
D.Family happiness index depends on whether the family has discerning members

a
In the 1980s, there was a slogan called "Start with me, start from now", and now advocate "speak less, do more practical things." Specifically in solving the problem of traffic jams, if everyone can "start with me "From now on," make fewer complaints, and observe more appropriate actions while driving.Traffic jams will definitely be greatly alleviated, that is, if drivers can be more aware, they do nt need so many traffic police.It can also have a good traffic order.
What is the main point of this passage?
A.Creating good traffic order requires everyone's consciousness
B."Just talk, don't do anything" will exacerbate traffic jams
C.The essence of solving traffic jams is to improve people's quality
D.Increasing the number of traffic police will not help alleviate traffic jams

c
There are many differences between animals and humans.According to evolutionary biologist Dawkins and others, the biggest difference may be the lack of "culture" in animals.Part of the behavior of individual wildlife in the environment can be traced back to its genes: individuals Even if there is cultural heritage between them, the impact is usually minimal.If two groups of wolves respond differently to the same scene, it is because their genetic characteristics are different, not because they have experienced different wolves history.Different wolf pack cultures.Even if animals learn complicated behaviors from humans because they get along with people, when he returns to the wild, it is almost impossible to teach the human skills he has learned to other animals, and he cannot change his race.Original behavior.
According to this text, what is the most accurate understanding of "culture"?
A.Common behaviors among race members
B.Ability to transform themselves and their race
C.Behavioral patterns that can be imitated and inherited
D.Behavioral patterns unrelated to genetic genes

b
There are two seemingly contradictory trends in this era: on the one hand, with the improvement of people's education level and the diversification of access to information channels, people can make more rational judgments on various rumors: but on the other hand, information The explosive growth and technological advancement of rumors have also greatly accelerated the spread of rumors, and people often have no time to distinguish the authenticity of various kinds of information.Although it is always assumed that as long as the level of human rationality is continuously improved and the information is made transparent, rumors can be eliminated The soil produced, but so far this has only been an ideal.No society's information is completely correct.In many cases, people often unknowingly spread the information in order to learn the truth of their concerns as soon as possible.With rumors.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.A certain level of human reason can prevent rumors
B.The spread of rumors often reflects the need for people to desperately want to know the truth
C.People's rational judgment and the advancement of information technology are contradictory trends
D.The growth of information and technological progress are the main sources of rumors

b
Through a series of experiments, scientists believe that money can stimulate people's exclusivity, which is likely to be a human instinct reaction, just as love has exclusivity.When there is a monetary interest in cooperation, people will instinctively protect themselves.Therefore, they will respond to the other party with an offensive attitude and generate a certain degree of aversion.As a result, there are various phenomena that money destroys love, pollutes affection, and cuts off the friendship, showing that humanity is really hard to beat the copper smell.However, experiments have also confirmed that while people have an exclusive mind in the face of money, their independence and creativity have also been significantly enhanced.Moreover, money, as an important product of human civilization, must always exist, and avoiding it is obviously unrealistic.
From this text, you can judge the author's point of view?
A.Money is a double-edged sword
B.The role of money should be faced up
C.Money affects relationships
D.Deal with the relationship between money and emotion

a
Many children can only listen to praise, but can't listen to any objections.Some children are proud, fragile, and suspicious.When they encounter something unpleasant, they will have extreme actions.This is the so-called "eggshell." Psychology ".Excessive pride and all kinds of doting are the most direct causes of this kind of psychology.Parents are advised to create a setback on the child's smooth growth path, so that the child will maintain self-confidence in adversity, learn to maintain optimism in the face of setbacks, and cultivate children's Resilience and anti-frustration.In addition, parents must learn to say "no" to their children and let their children know that not all requirements can be met, so that they learn to accept and reject.
Which item best summarizes this text?
A.Parents should adopt appropriate parenting methods for "eggshell psychology"
B.Parents must let their children learn to accept and reject while praising their children
C."Eggshell psychology" directly reflects the child's fragile psychology
D.Children's fragile mentality mostly stems from parenting styles

d
The horizon was once very distant, and now it suddenly entered, which is what is called close to the horizon.What happened on the horizon, such as where it went on strike, where it became turbulent, and where the coup d'tat, as long as you go online, in a blink of an eye, we can know everything.Filled with indignation, emotional excitement, and anxiety, even more worried than eating a fly, hoping to put on wings to help drive an airplane and drive a ship.And what happened around him, such as which day was the mother s birthday, what was the name of the child of a relative s family, When does the wife's hairstyle change, we don't know at all.Even the old man beside him fell down on the side of the road, glanced at those who passed by him, and speeded up his flight, no one was willing or dared to The old man who fell over was in support.
From this text, you can see the author's intention?
A.Explain that people have broadened their horizons through the Internet
B.criticize people for paying too much attention to "the horizon"
C.Advocate people to have the world in mind and be ambitious
D.Remind people to care more about the people and things around them

b
High-paid poverty is one of the anxiety disorders of urban white-collar workers.From a sociological point of view, he can be understood as a high-paid white-collar salary, but because of various high debts and living costs, there are often "relative poverty" that income does not meet expenditure.From the perspective of personal career development, it can be understood as having higher incomes in some workplaces, but lacking a sense of professional value, unclear career planning, and unsatisfied inner demands.As a result, professional psychological anxiety has arisen.
According to this text, what is correct in the following list?
A.Most urban white-collar workers suffer from high-paying poverty
B.High-paid poverty stems from psychological anxiety caused by multiple factors
C.Insufficient professional value of white-collar workers leads to high-paid poverty
D.Insufficient income and unclear career planning will inevitably lead to high-paying poverty

d
After the start of the Industrial Revolution, the burning of fossil fuels (coal, oil, natural gas) has become larger and larger, increasing the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.At the same time, forest fires caused by lightning, insect pests, deforestation, grassland decline and forest damage have also caused Green plants that can absorb carbon dioxide have been destroyed.Therefore, to control global warming, we must change the energy structure and vigorously plant trees.Some scientists have pointed out that only the use of nuclear fuels instead of fossil fuels can fundamentally prevent the increase of the greenhouse effect.
What does this text mean?
A.Exploring the main causes of global warming
B.Emphasis on the key role of nuclear energy in preventing the aggravation of the greenhouse effect
C.Elucidating the huge dangers of rising carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere
D.Call on people to change their energy mix and vigorously plant trees

a
At present, "culture" has become one of the hottest words.How to inherit and carry forward traditional culture, form the Chinese people's own culture, and strengthen our cultural soft power has become a hot topic.But this consensus is actually quite vague and many controversies Born because of this.Learn traditional Chinese characters, wear Tang costumes, and start classes ...the excitement surrounding the "traditional culture" is one after another, but the discussion behind them is inseparable from a deep analysis of the concept of "culture".
If this is the beginning of an article, what is most likely to follow?
A.Discussing "What is culture"
B.Explore how to inherit and carry forward traditional culture
C.Interpretation and reflection on the current "retro-style"
D.Analyzing why "culture" has become one of the hottest words of the moment

a
In education in the UK, the object of children's respect is not limited to family and friends, but also includes love and responsibility for all lives.The love of small animals is the nature of the child, and cherish and care for small animals as the entry point to the child Cherish life is a kind of kindergarten in Britain, and it is generally adopted in elementary schools.In addition, some safari organizations or ambulance centers in the UK also cooperate with primary and secondary schools, and often organize students to visit the injured animals and abandoned pets they receive and treat.In the context, parents will also deliberately educate their children to understand the meaning of life, and pass on rationality and tenderness from generation to generation.
What does this text mainly discuss?
A.Respect for life can convey reason and tenderness
B.Caring for life can begin with caring for small animals
C.Life education depends on the cooperation of family and society
D.Ways and means of life education

b
Promoted by the global "smart wave" and related policies, many parts of China have proposed the slogan of "smart city", and will build "smart city" as a way to cultivate competitiveness, respond to the financial crisis, expand employment of citizens, and seize the high ground of future technology.However, it should be seen that the current "smart city" practice is mostly in the concept construction period, and people's understanding of "smart city" is not limited to the smart city or digital city levels such as the Internet of Things, the Internet, and cloud computing.The emergence of "smart cities" in major media also makes it difficult to distinguish which are urban marketing methods and which are the actual conditions of urban construction.
What does this text mean?
A.Building a "smart city" is an important strategy for future urban development
B.There is still a long way to go to build a "smart city"
C.The current definition of the concept of "smart city" is not clear
D.The "smart city" in the media is likely to be just a means of urban marketing

c
Traditional Chinese medicine is composed of traditional medicine from Han, Tibetan, Mongolian and other ethnic groups.It has the mystery of traditional oriental medicine, and often contains myths and legends.Many of its principles cannot be used in modern medicine.The theory explains the science.But this "mysterious" medicine often has magical effects.For example, Tibetan medicine, for a long time, treats patients with plants, animals, minerals and foods unique to the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.It has a good effect on a variety of diseases that make modern medicine difficult, including cancer and stroke.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.The composition and characteristics of traditional Chinese medicine
B.Therapeutic principles of traditional Chinese medicine
C.Chinese traditional medicine has magical effects
D.Differences between traditional Chinese medicine and modern medicine

b
From the perspective of high-level determination and public consciousness, the pace of air pollution control is constantly accelerating.Adjusting the energy structure and industrial transformation and upgrading requires more government action, which is an undisputed priority.At the same time, as a citizen, it can be achieved Fewer complaints and more from your own, such as not setting off firecrackers, taking more public transportation, etc.
What does the author mainly want to express through this text?
A.Every citizen should bear corresponding responsibilities in the treatment of air pollution
B.Governance of air pollution requires the joint efforts of the government and each citizen
C.The government should bear the main responsibility in the treatment of air pollution
D.Both the government and citizens have actively engaged in air pollution control

a
The people's well-being in the current sense is different from the simple state of food and clothing in history, but includes extremely rich content: including the rights and dignity of the people, as well as the income and consumption of the people.It also involves freedom, security, social security and Mental life, etc.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.The meaning of people's well-being has changed dramatically
B.People are not just satisfied with food and clothing
C.The meaning of people's well-being will continue to enrich in the course of historical development
D.People's well-being has transitioned from the physical to the spiritual

c
The discussion of public affairs in modern society has become a normal state.Unlike ordinary "public intellectuals" and the media, the participation of think tanks in public affairs should be based on scientific analysis and demonstration, rather than emotional venting and value judgment disputes..Think tanks should try their best to start with the materials and objective facts they have obtained, complete the screening and judgment of complex data, and establish a persistent predictive analysis system.
What does the author mainly want to express through this text?
A.Think tank is a professional institution involved in public affairs management
B.The operation of think tanks has quite high requirements
C.Think tanks should participate scientifically and objectively in the discussion of public affairs
D.Think tanks explore public affairs more deeply than ordinary "public intellectuals" and the media

d
From the perspective of development trends, the goal of diluting GD.P (gross domestic product) growth is the general trend, because one-sided excessive pursuit of this indicator is not enough to meet the people's needs for green mountains, green water, rest assured food, good education, convenient travel, and healthy work , Enjoy a higher level of expectations and longing for the good life such as old age.
What does this text mainly talk about?
A.Improper pursuit of the GD.P index
B.Development trend after diluting GD.P growth targets
C.People's expectations and longing for a better life
D.Reasons for the trend to downplay GD.P growth targets

c
The results of a survey showed that those with the most positive and optimistic attitudes had the greatest improvement in dietary structure during the duration of the study, while the most negative and pessimistic respondents not only preferred to choose a less healthy diet from the beginning, but also After intervention by various means, the improvement is not ideal.Researchers have pointed out that self-control is the key to making it easier for optimists to successfully quit bad habits such as smoking, drinking and overeating.
What is the correct understanding of this text?
A.The dietary structure depends on the mood of a person
B.Unhealthy eating habits are difficult to improve with intervention
C.Positive people are more likely to improve bad eating habits
D.The self-control of the pitiful cannot be improved through intervention

b
The decline in economic growth stems from an aging population.Is this really the case? Some conclusions point out: the younger the population structure, the poorer the country, and the richer the other way around.So why fear to age? It is thought that aging makes people vulnerable, and people over 65 years of age are a burden on society.However, some people are far more productive than others, and it does not matter about age.It turns out that the aging population requires a combination of manpower Considering capital, especially education and health status, young people in most countries around the world are more educated than older people, and their methods of improving productivity by improving education may be able to make up for the shortage of a small population.
This text is intended to illustrate?
A.People are fully capable of coping with population ageing
B.Multi-angle analysis of the impact of population aging on the economy
C.Population ageing has no impact on economic growth
D.Population aging negatively affects economic growth

a
People are deeply affected by haze weather.As everyone knows, there is also a haze phenomenon in the spirit.If it is not removed in time, it will make the soul depressed and dispirited, and the mind will be hazy, and the harm will not be less than the haze weather.In modern society, the pace is fast, the pressure is heavy, and there are many contradictions.This spiritual haze has many harms to personal life and various causes.How to adjust the mood and dispel the haze? A good recipe is to use the power of literature and art to "bring" the mind to the text, to "cultivate" the heart with the text, "to be happy" with the text, and to "humanize" the text.
What is the correct understanding of this text?
A.Rely on literature and art to help dispel the mental haze
B.Mental haze is more difficult to disperse than haze weather
C.Bad lifestyle is the cause of mental haze
D.Mental haze is more harmful to people than haze weather

d
In modern society, although the number of marriages on the premise of economic security and material enjoyment is rapidly decreasing, "money is everything" and "gold worship" is still ingrained in some people's hearts.In the modern society of freedom of love and marriage, it still exists Parents' interference in their children's marriage, family background, educational background, and working conditions are still the main reference factors.We can't help thinking: can money determine everything? of course not.
What is the most likely conclusion to be drawn from this text?
A.A marriage based purely on beauty and passion will be a failed and unfortunate marriage
B.Emotion is the most important factor in marriage, and economic security and material enjoyment need not be considered
C.Women in modern society need to improve their identity through wealth and status in marriage
D.For a good marriage, we must have a correct view of marriage and attitudes towards marriage

d
For consumers, the biggest drawback of traditional retail is the asymmetry of information.The Internet can make the true pricing of a product transparent and let everyone know the true price range of the product.Traditional manufacturing belongs to closed production It is up to the manufacturer to decide the product variety and model, and there is a split between the producer and the consumer.The Internet allows consumers to participate in the production process, and the user determines the product they want.
This text is intended to illustrate?
A.The Internet will break the pattern of information asymmetry
B.Personalized customization is the development direction of the traditional retail industry
C.The Internet will penetrate and transform traditional industries
D.The Internet will have an impact on traditional retail and manufacturing

c
"The French writer Duma came to a city when he was traveling in Russia and decided to visit the largest bookstore in the city.The owner heard that the writer was coming and put all the bookshelves on Duma's books.I went into the bookstore and asked, 'What about other writer's books?' The boss said, 'All ...sold out.' "
This joke laughs:
A.No one buys Duma's books.
B.The boss's panic, unprepared.
C.The boss responded contrary to his wishes.
D.The boss satirized that Duma's books were not selling.

b
"Although in the past two years, 5 million people have been illiterate in China every year, the situation of illiteracy is not optimistic.China's adult non-illiteracy rate is very backward in Asia, and the literacy rate is slower than in neighboring countries.
To summarize, this passage means:
A.5 million people in China are illiterate every year.
B.China's literacy performance is not satisfactory.
C.Chinese literacy scores are not comparable to Asian countries.
D.Literacy is too slow.

b
"Beijing Anling Service Co., Ltd., which helps those who are willing to sow ashes on the land of the motherland after their death to complete their wishes, has recently been established.Once this first company was established, it has received dozens of calls to broadcast ashes for the dead.It mainly uses airplanes and ships to spread ashes, and two routes are currently tentatively planned: northwest to Tianshan, and northeast to Daxinganling.
To summarize, this report means:
A.Some people are willing to sow ashes on the land of their motherland after death.
B.China's first ashes broadcast company was established in Beijing.
C.The newly established An Ling company will spread the ashes by plane and ship.
D.Complete the wishes of the deceased and spread the ashes by plane and ship.

a
"In Shekou, Shenzhen, users can use the phone within 7 days from the date of application.As of April 1993, the capacity of Shekou telephone exchanges reached 25,000 and telephone users reached 19,000.According to the permanent population in this area, the mainline The penetration rate has reached 76%, far surpassing Hong Kong, which has the highest telephone penetration rate of the "Four Little Dragons" in Asia.The telephone line penetration rate in Hong Kong is 50%."
This article will be published in a tabloid, please choose the most appropriate title for it, summarizing the meaning of the essay.
A.Shekou telephone mainline penetration rate exceeds the "four little dragons".
B.Shekou telephone mainline penetration rate reached 76%.
C.Shekou's mainline penetration rate ranks first in the country.
D.Hong Kong's telephone mainline penetration rate ranks first among the "four little dragons".

b
"The people of our country have gone through years of hard work and finally created a new situation in hard-won economic and social development that has never been seen in history.Therefore, everyone has the responsibility to maintain this new situation of development and has the obligation to safeguard it.Contribute to this new situation of development."
The gist of this passage is:
A.The new situation in China's socio-economic development has not come easily and should be cherished.
B.Everyone has a responsibility to maintain this hard-won new situation in economic and social development.
C.Everyone must contribute to the new situation.
D.Everyone should contribute to hard-won economic and social development.

d
After returning to the GATT, competition between the domestic market and the international market will become increasingly fierce, and some low-quality state-owned enterprises may go bankrupt or be merged in the fierce competition.
This passage mainly supports the view that the return to the GATT
A.It will be detrimental to the development of state-owned enterprises.
B.It is actually a good thing for some low-level management companies.
C.It will increase the competitive pressure faced by companies in some countries.
D.It will help improve the quality of Chinese enterprises.

a
Without a series of genius inventions in communication and transportation to connect cities and villages, countries and nations, continents and continents, any industrial revolution and agricultural revolution would be unimaginable.
This passage supports the view that
A.Advances in communications and transportation are prerequisites for industrial and agricultural progress.
B.Revolutionary changes in the performance of industrial and agricultural development.
C.The development of the industry must be based on the development of agriculture.
D.A series of genius inventions on the industrial transport front united cities and rural areas, countries and nations, and continents and continents.

c
After ten years of success and failure, we have a correct understanding of "economic construction as the center," and we have found a development path that promotes reform and opening up.Everyone knows that this understanding and this path have come It s not easy, we must cherish it twice, and we cannot shake it at any time.However, from the first day of reform and opening up, we attach great importance to the construction of spiritual civilization as well as the construction of spiritual civilization.Socialism.
The main points supported by this passage are:
A."Economic construction as the center" is a hard-won correct understanding
B.Economic construction has gone up, and spiritual civilization must be done well
C.The simultaneous development of economic construction and spiritual civilization construction is socialism with Chinese characteristics
D.Socialism with Chinese characteristics must adhere to economic construction as the center

c
From newspapers to cafes to large American-style shopping malls, Kuwaiti people have an aversion to this country, which was almost rescued from Iraqi military occupation by a single gun.On the neat streets of the capital Kuwait, people have speculated, Washington would prefer Saddam Hussein to stay in power to ensure that Kuwait and its small neighbors are firmly under U.S.control.
The words that best fit the meaning of the above text are:
A.Kuwaiti tired of U.S.lifestyles and trying to escape American control
B.Kuwaiti strongly opposes US indulgence of Saddam Hussein
C.Kuwaiti dissatisfaction with U.S.growing
D.Kuwaiti people create public opinion to escape American control

c
For most people, books are an important way for them to acquire knowledge and seek pillars of thought.It is not the people who write books that can become the guides of the social age.Among the people who write books and the sea of complicated books, Often, those who can really make a deep impression in people's minds are often negligible.Therefore, for those book writers who don't take profit as their main purpose and those who are devoted to their minds, Efforts and eternal exploration are of equal value.
The main points supported by this passage are:
A.Too many works often make people good and bad
B.For the evaluation of works, both the author and the reader should have a common standard
C.The quality of the work is not much but fine
D.Only works with a lot of hard work are best

c
Teachers in the test-oriented education environment often focus on the good students who have a promising future, but ignore the psychological guidance of the "bad students." In 1968, American psychologist Rosenthal made an Experiment: He randomly selected 20% of the students from 18 classes, and then he told the teacher that these students on the list were the "most promising".After a period of testing, the results showed that the students on the list did well To other students, the conclusion of the analysis is that the randomly proposed list has affected the teacher to some extent, and the teacher unconsciously gave these students more encouragement and guidance in the daily teaching process.
The main points supported by this passage are:
A."Poor students" are not necessarily worse than ordinary students
B.Through hard work, "poor students" can catch up with students who have studied well
C.Teacher factors are an important reason for the decline in academic performance of "poor students"
D.Rosenthal test has some enlightenment on how to help "poor students"

b
We must catch up with the world's advanced level in science and technology, not only to improve the quality of higher education, but also to improve the quality of primary and secondary education, and to enrich the education of primary and secondary schools with advanced scientific knowledge in accordance with the acceptable level of primary and secondary school students.content.
This passage supports such a point:
A.Improving the quality of higher education is a condition for surpassing the advanced world level in science and technology
B.Comprehensively improving the quality of education is a condition for surpassing the world's advanced level in science and technology
C.Improving the quality of education in primary and secondary schools is a condition for science and technology to surpass the advanced world level
D.Learning advanced scientific knowledge is a condition for surpassing the world's advanced level in science and technology

d
Scientists have found that men have less pain and less effective pain relief after undergoing the same surgery and taking the same painkillers than women.
This passage means:
A.Some painkillers work only for women and not for men
B.Compared to women, post-operative men feel pain faster after taking the same painkillers
C.Men are less capable of enduring pain than women
D.The same painkillers are better for women than for men

d
In the 1930s, people started to try DDT invented by the Swiss chemist Mller.Just as people were fortunate to find high-efficiency pesticides that put the pests dead, the natural enemies of the Beijing insects were almost extinct.At the same time, the residual poison of DDT could accumulate for a long time.Has caused endless calamities in the world.
The reason explained in the above paragraph is:
A.If used improperly, the application of efficient pesticides will also cause worldwide pollution
B.DDT has proven to be a harmful and harmful pesticide to humans
C.Excessive application of high-efficiency pesticides can also cause devastating disasters to natural enemies of pests
D.Some scientific achievements are "double-edged swords", and their use needs to be cautious

d
Regardless of whether it is a developed or developing country, once its naive or mature industry is "protected" by the government, it will form a new vested interest group, which will create new pressure on the government and force it to further implement "protection".Temporary protection evolves into permanent protection.
One of the incorrect interpretations of the above statement is:
A.Both "naive" and "mature" industries can be "protected" by the government
B.The result of "protection" by the government is the formation of new vested interest groups
C.Government's "protection" will evolve from temporary to permanent
D.Government's "protection" can promote industrial development

a
The counterpart to the government department is the non-government department.In theory, the legal status of the government department and the non-government department, the nature of their respective functions, and the appointment and removal procedures of the main person in charge are different.But in real life, people Often ignore or dilute the difference between the two.In particular, some local government agencies are not set up entirely based on the objective needs of government function management, and are scientifically and reasonably determined to set up government departments; some have no changes in agencies and functions Next, it was listed as a government department yesterday, but today it has become a non-governmental department, so that the determination of the government department is more arbitrary.
The main points supported by the above paragraph are:
A.The functions and roles of government departments and non-governmental departments should be strictly distinguished
B.Local government departments should be scientifically defined and set up
C.The setting of government departments must be relatively stable
D.The establishment of government departments should start from the objective needs of government function management

d
Even among knowledgeable scholars, there are some who, despite hard work and a lot of reading, is not very capable, lack independent insights, and have no creative talents.
The point supported by this passage is:
A.Many people without creative talents are knowledgeable scholars
B.Only with creative ability can profound knowledge be manifested
C.Creative people may not have profound knowledge
D.Knowledgeable people may not have creative talents

c
A Guangdong company reported in Beijing that it was hiring a factory director with an annual salary of 500,000.The Beijing people who could not afford it were as if experiencing a bomb explosion.In the past few years, it has been advertised in newspapers to recruit talents with an annual salary of several hundred thousand It's not that surprising.In Beijing's headhunting company, just call up a list of job seekers, and you will find that more than 80% of job seekers themselves have monthly salary requirements of more than tens of thousands of yuan.But on the other hand, Employees fired from traditional state-owned enterprises, even with a monthly salary of four or five hundred yuan, have a hard time finding a job.
The main points supported by this passage are:
A.People's income requirements of 10,000 yuan per month are now considered normal.
B.Increasing investment in recruiting talent
C.The value of talent is more and more manifested today
D.Differences in employment and income between people are more obvious

c
"According to relevant authorities, the upcoming China Export Commodities Guangzhou Fair, which will be held on October 15 this year, will strengthen the management of the use of export marks and strictly prohibit the appearance of counterfeit and shoddy goods.Counterfeit and shoddy goods will be investigated seriously."
Choose a title for this passage and summarize the meaning of the entire passage.
A.This autumn Canton Fair strictly prohibits counterfeit and shoddy products
B.Canton Fair authorities formulate measures to combat counterfeiting
C.Canton Fair will strengthen trademark management to prevent counterfeit and shoddy products
D.No fake or shoddy products will appear in the Canton Fair this autumn

b
In 1995, two scholars in the United States used radio telescopes with a diameter of 26 meters to search for unknown signals from the depths of the vast universe.However, no radio wave source with the characteristics of the received signals has been found so far, and in the direction of these radio waves There are no specific stars.
The phrase "no radio source with the characteristics of the received signal was found" means:
A.I don't know if the received signal has a radio source
B.I have received a signal but I am not sure of its source
C.Not sure where the source of the radio wave has received the signal
D.The signal has been received but the characteristics of the radio source have not been found

b
There is a hypothesis: hibernation is a highly developed function.Although hibernating mammals are warm-blooded animals like humans, they have evolved in a wider range of regulating functions, such as regulating body temperature.Better than non-hibernating animals.
One incorrect understanding of this hypothesis is:
A.During the evolution of species, some mammals have evolved in regulation, thus having the function of hibernation
B.Compared to humans, hibernating mammals have evolved over a wider range
C.Hibernating mammals have stronger temperature regulation mechanisms than humans
D.The difference between hibernating mammals and non-hibernating mammals is not in whether body temperature can be adjusted

a
Teaching includes both teaching and learning.The science that studies the general theory of teaching is called teaching theory, which is also translated as professorial science.It is a relatively independent branch of education science.Teaching theory must solve theoretical problems related to teaching.
This passage mainly supports the argument that:
A.Teaching includes both teaching and learning
B.Pedagogy is a relatively independent branch of education science
C.The research object of teaching theory is a general theoretical problem in teaching
D.Pedagogy is a general term for studying theoretical issues in both teaching and learning

d
Microscopic objects in nature generally refer to particles with a spatial dimension of fewer than 10-6 centimeters and a mass of fewer than 10-15 grams, including material levels such as molecules, atoms, nuclei, elementary particles.Microscopic particles and various phenomena in an extremely small space, Generally called micro phenomena.Microparticles and micro phenomena are collectively referred to as the micro world.The movement of the micro-world obeys the laws reflected by quantum mechanics and quantum electrodynamics.
The most accurate recap of this passage is:
A.What are micro-objects
B.What are the components of micro-objects
C.What is a micro phenomenon
D.What is the micro world

c
Because the Five Dynasties often changed the dynasty, everything was simple because of neglect, and no new construction was considered.Therefore, the scale of Kaifeng before the next week was similar to that of the Tang Dynasty.After the establishment of Guo Wei, the political and economic reforms were implemented and the situation improved.
The most accurate recap of this passage is:
A.Frequent dynasties in the Five Dynasties
B.No time for construction and development during the war
C.There was little construction for the capital during the Five Dynasties
D.The scale of Kaifeng was similar to that of the Tang Dynasty in the fifth generation

d
Management science was gradually formed and developed after the Second World War.It is based on engineering science and uses scientific and electronic computer technology such as operations research, systems engineering to solve sales management, material management, production management, and personnel management.And other aspects, so as to achieve a management theory and method of effectively using human, material and financial resources.
This passage mainly supports the argument that:
A.Management science is an emerging discipline
B.Management science is very broad
C.Management science is a comprehensive science
D.Management Science is an emerging comprehensive discipline that uses multiple subject knowledge to solve problems

c
Religion is a world view that believes in and worships supernatural deities, and is a reflection of the illusion and distortion of natural and social forces in people's consciousness.It originated in the later period of prehistoric society, when productivity was low, people could not understand the nature, fantasizing, praying, offering Since the birth of the class, the exploiting classes have endeavored to support religion, thereby paralyzing the fighting spirit of the people, and later developed into a world religion.
The most accurate recap of this passage is:
A.Religion is an idealistic worldview
B.Epistemic and class roots of religion
C.The religion originated in prehistoric society and has specific historical roots
D.Religion has been used by the ruling class since its birth as a tool to maintain its rule

c
Atomic structure is very similar to the solar system, with the nucleus in the center and some negatively charged electrons surrounding it.The mass of the atom is almost entirely concentrated on the nucleus.
The most accurate recap of this passage is:
A.The nucleus is at the center of the solar system
B.The nucleus is composed of negatively charged protons and uncharged neutrons
C.Atoms are composed of nuclei composed of electrons and positively charged protons and uncharged neutrons.
D.The nucleus is composed of extranuclear electrons, protons and neutrons

b
In recent years, the news of newspapers and magazines forcing forced apportionment has been blowing year by year, and more than one year.Some higher-level departments rely on the power at their disposal to press the burden on the grassroots and leave the benefits to themselves.
The most accurate recap of this passage is:
A.Newspaper subscription is valued by the grassroots
B.Newspapers and magazines forcibly apportionment has increased the burden on the grassroots
C.Newspapers and magazines are forcing apportionment
D.Unhealthy practices in newspaper subscription process should be stopped as soon as possible

b
The molecular structure of DNA is not static.Under the influence of various physical and chemical factors or environmental factors, the sequence of the base pairs on D.NA., that is, the genetic code, may change, causing genetic mutations.Even under normal conditions At the same time, extremely low-frequency mutations also occur during D.NA.replication.
This passage mainly supports the argument that:
A.DNA molecular structure is highly variable
B.DNA may be mutated
C.DNA is very prone to genetic mutations
D.DNA variation is possible only in special cases

d
Regardless of accuracy, vividness, and vividness, in terms of language, the words are required to be used appropriately.In this way, the concept of expression will be accurate, and it will make people feel sharp and mysterious.Its tone and color.
The most accurate recap of this passage is:
A.Language must be vivid and accurate
B.Language is very mysterious
C.Text is mysterious
D.Use the text appropriately

c
Modern science and technology began in the nineteenth century.At that time, there were large-scale scientific and technological research units organized, which had internal and external reasons.The internal reasons were that science and technology were more complicated, specialized, and specialized in this period.The reason was a technological revolution at the time.
This passage mainly supports the argument that:
A.Modern science and technology originated at the end of the 19th century
B.Scientific and technological research units have emerged in modern science and technology
C.Modern science and technology are the result of internal and external factors
D.The external cause of modern science and technology is greater than the internal cause

b
The use of language is an important condition for social, economic, political, and cultural life, and it is inseparable for everyone every day.Learning to use the language correctly is of great significance for improving the accuracy of our thinking and the efficiency of work.
The main meaning of the most accurate repetition of this passage is:
A.The use of language is closely related to humans
B.Learning to use the language correctly is extremely important to us
C.Learning to use the language correctly is necessary for our lives
D.Language plays a very important role in our lives

c
Although China's total land resources are among the highest in the world, due to the large population and diverse terrain, the per capita land use and the per capita land use of cultivated land in the used land resources are far lower than the world average.
This passage mainly supports the argument that:
A.China is rich in land resources
B.China's total land resources rank among the top in the world
C.China's relatively poor land resources
D.China's poor land resources

c
Xiuyan is located in the Liaodong Peninsula, where the mountains and rivers are beautiful, and it is the largest source of gems in the country.
The most accurate recap of this passage is:
A.Xiuyan in the Liaodong Peninsula
B.Xiuyan is a good place for beautiful scenery
C.Xiuyan is not only beautiful in mountains and rivers, but also rich in precious stones
D.Xiuyan is the largest gemstone producing area in China

c
Three years ago, she had a happy family of three, and now she has only one difficult life after divorce.
The most accurate recap of this passage is:
A.She is divorced
B.She lived alone after divorce
C.She used to be happy, but is now divorced
D.She had a hard time after divorce

b
The trace of the air gun shell breaking the glass is not the same as that of other rifled guns breaking the glass.This is because although the air gun has a rifling, it uses spring compressed air as the power to launch the warhead, with low speed, low energy and weight Light (the weight of each air gun shell is 0.5 grams), so when the air gun hits the glass, it has a long time to act on the glass, a small force, and a small penetrating ability.
The most accurate recap of this passage is mainly
A.The trace of the air gun breaking the glass is different from the traces of other guns
B.The trace of the air gun shell breaking the glass is different from the traces caused by other guns because it uses spring compressed air as the power
C.Airgun bullet marks are easily recognizable
D.The bullet marks of other rifled guns are also different from stone hit glass

a
The industry uses the light industry as a guide and gradually shifts to the development process centered on heavy industry and chemical industry.Although the per capita national income of countries varies widely, the ratios of heavy industry and chemical industry are generally not much different.
The most accurate recap of this passage is mainly
A.At present, the process of industrial development presents a trend of transformation from light industry to heavy industry and chemical industry.
B.In developed countries, heavy industry and chemical industry are basic industries, so they account for a large proportion
C.The proportion of heavy industries and chemical industries in developed countries indicates their importance
D.The shift in industrial focus will affect per capita national income

d
Why is the flower so red? In the end, it is due to artificial selection.Natural selection is slow and takes a long time to show its effect.The manual selection has greatly accelerated its process and can achieve significant results in a short time.The history of cultivation is only two or three hundred years, but there are thousands of varieties with different shapes and colors.
This passage directly supports the view that
A.The history of artificial cultivation is short, but it is remarkable
B.Natural selection is not as good as artificial selection
C.Artificial selection can make the flower redder
D.Manual selection speeds up the process of flower change

c
The outstanding mathematician Chen Jingrun researched Goldbach's conjecture.Days and nights persist for decades, like a day.The famous writer Yao Xuechen gets up at 3 am every day and writes hard.The young woman Zhang Wenshu devoted all her spare time to self-study in Chinese medicine, Chinese medicine, and dermatology, and became an expert in treating skin diseases.
This passage directly supports the argument that
A.Chen Jingrun, Yao Xueyi, Zhang Wenshu have different research fields
B.Chen Jingrun, Yao Xueyi, Zhang Wenshu's research methods are different
C.All those who have achieved success rely on their own hard work and focus on their success
D.Chen Jingrun, Yao Xueyi, Zhang Wenshu have different working habits

b
A person in charge of the Ministry of Agriculture recently proposed that starting next year, a new round of "vegetable basket project" will be implemented in four areas across the country.
The most accurate restatement of this passage is
A.The person in charge of the Ministry of Agriculture proposes a new round of "vegetable basket project" plan
B.A new round of "vegetable basket project" around the country will start next year
C.The new round of "vegetable basket project" includes four aspects
D.The Ministry of Agriculture put forward requirements for a new round of "vegetable basket project" from four aspects

d
With the development of production, people's division of labor has become more and finer, and science and literature have gradually separated, forming the "science community" and "literary world." Today, the division of labor is even finer.People who study science are limited to a certain discipline in their lives A certain profession, or even a particular subject.In this way, "interlacing like a mountain" often makes people see and hear in a small world and become slaves of a division of labor.
This passage directly supports the view that
A.The development of production leads to the separation of "science" and "literature"
B.Literature and reason are inseparable.Those who study literature should understand "reason", and those who study theory should understand "text"
C.Liberal arts and sciences are necessary, but each should not be drawn as a prisoner.Researchers should be both liberal arts and science.
D.To treat the liberal arts and science equally

d
Information bionics studies the reception, storage, processing, and utilization of information in living organisms.The human brain is the most perfect and compact "information processor" in the world.It deeply studies the physiological processes and algorithms of brain thinking and memory.By studying the working mechanism of nerve cells, we will be able to use the working principle of the brain and analog components to create bionic computers and automatic control devices with excellent performance.
The most accurate restatement of this passage is
A.Information bionics studies the physiological processes of human brain thinking and memory, algorithms and the working principles of neural cells
B.Information bionics A pre-processing system that studies human and animal sensory organs to receive information and information
C.Information bionics studies the working principle of the brain and the manufacture of bionic computers and automatic control devices with excellent performance of analog components
D.Information bionics studies the sensory organs of the brain and humans and animals and the principles of receiving, storing, processing, and using the information to make bionic devices, such as various machinery, instruments, etc.

b
At that time, the Red Army of the Chinese Workers and Peasants won the victory of the Long March of 25,000 miles, shocking the world, "shock" is not the number of enemies, but mainly the conditions of extreme cold, hunger, exhaustion, hypoxia and filth when the Red Army crossed the snow mountain grass Many countries are training the viability of officers and soldiers under extremely difficult conditions such as lack of roads, water, food, fire, light, and oxygen.
This passage directly supports the view that
A.Hardship can create strong people, and hardship is a characteristic of the strong
B.Suffering from the stubborn viability of human beings
C.Don't treat suffering as a helpless life for a low-energy person
D.Cultivating the hard-working spirit of children and the younger generation is really a big plan for the development and competition of the country

b
Deputies to the People's Congress are elected on the basis of elections.According to the election law, citizens of the People's Republic of China who have reached the age of eighteen years, regardless of ethnicity, race, gender, occupation, family background, religion, education, property status and period of residence, Both have the right to vote and be elected; but those who are deprived of political rights according to law do not have the right to vote and be elected.
This passage can be understood as
A.The way people are elected is by-election
B.Election law stipulates that citizens of the People's Republic of China who have reached the age of eighteen have the right to vote
C.The exercise of the right to vote is not subject to any illegal restrictions and deprivations
D.The exercise of the right to vote is restricted by political laws and other aspects

a
Food in underdeveloped countries still depends on imports, and they are powerless in the face of natural disasters.Agriculture, animal husbandry, and mining are the main economic sectors, and the labor force works mainly in such sectors.The level of culture and education and people's living standards are very low.
This passage mainly supports the view that underdeveloped countries
A.Powerlessness in the face of natural disasters
B.Only two economic sectors, agriculture and animal husbandry and mining
C.People have a low standard of living and many illiterates
D.Still in a very backward agricultural country or agriculture and animal husbandry stage

d
There is a couple, they have a son, and one day, a stranger came, he said that he knew the couple, and that he knew the couple's son.
The most accurate summary of the sentence is
A.The new stranger claims to know the couple and their son
B.The new stranger knows the couple and their son
C.The new stranger knows the couple and his son
D.The newcomers know the couple and their son

b
Social insurance is enforced among all or some nationals through national legislation, while commercial insurance is mainly operated on commercial principles and is a contractual relationship.
This passage mainly supports such a view
A.Social insurance and commercial insurance should not be cross-managed
B.Social insurance and commercial insurance can be cross-managed
C.It is better to unify the management institutions and policies of social security
D.Legalization in social insurance and commercial insurance should be strengthened

c
There are a few happy and simple bosses who go to the vegetable market to collect some vegetable leaves and dip them in salt.
Is this a compliment, praise or revelation to the boss?
A.Disclosure
B.praise
C.Praise
D.Indifferent

b
Handwriting inspection is a special technical method of physical evidence inspection that studies how to identify the writer through the characteristics of writing movement habits, writing layout habits, and written language habits.
This passage mainly supports the argument that handwriting inspection
A.Very extensive
B.is a specialized technical method of physical evidence inspection
C.Operation method
D.Research Direction

c
The large income gap may not cause social turmoil.The key lies in the cause of the large gap.Clear accounting can avoid cowardice and exploitation is no longer possible.The confused accounts in economic exchange often become the cause of internal friction.
According to this article, what is the correct understanding?
A.The widening income gap will inevitably lead to the intensification of contradictions
B.Exploitation is bound to occur in the course of economic interaction
C.Economic disputes are often caused by unclear accounts
D.Labour income issues are determinants of social stability

c
Life is often like this: if you don't give others a chance to live, you will end up making your own choices; if you give others a chance, you actually give yourself a chance.
What is the inaccurate understanding of this text?
A.Humanity needs interdependence and common development
B.Helping others is actually helping yourself
C.In order to survive, the opponent must be put to death
D.People need to understand and tolerate each other in life

c
Human beings have all strengths and weaknesses, all feelings that only humans have.I hope every new and amazing technological breakthrough will come from psychologists, sociologists, medical scientists and legal experts and everything that can be monitored, evaluated The skepticism of various other professionals about the impact of new technologies on people.
What does this text mean?
A.Human beings have both strength and feelings and weaknesses
B.Human beings continue to make new and amazing technological breakthroughs
C.Humans must value the negative impact of technological breakthroughs
D.New technological breakthroughs are bound to be widely questioned

b
In British families, there is absolutely no reason to spoil children without reason, and children who make mistakes will be corrected or even punished.Parents often exercise strict control on children while respecting the independent personality of their children, children understand that their behavior is not borderless and they can't do whatever they want.British law clearly allows parents to punish their children corporally.
What is the inaccurate understanding of this text?
A.The British never spoil their children
B.British people often corporally punish children
C.The British do not hurt their self-esteem when disciplined
D.British law has provisions for discipline

b
In our impression, shoes are just an item worn on the feet to facilitate walking.Although a pair of well-made and beautiful shoes will make people look more energetic, few people will think of its cultural connotation.
What is wrong with this passage?
A.The cultural connotation of shoes is rarely thought of
B.The cultural connotation of shoes is that it can make people more spiritual
C.Well-made, beautiful shoes with cultural connotation
D.Shoes have both practical value and cultural connotation

b
Without the emergence of new scientific and technological concepts from experts such as Darwin and Marconi, the world's first science fiction would not have been produced; without the theory of general relativity and the development of quantum mechanics, the golden age of science fiction would not have ushered in; Without atomic physics, the development of space science, there would be no disaster science fiction or hyperspace adventure novels.
What does this passage mean?
A.Science fiction has strongly promoted the development of science
B.The development of science fiction depends on the advancement of technology
C.Science fiction is used to visualize the latest scientific discoveries
D.Science fiction literature and science promote each other and develop together

a
It is necessary to popularize government bulletin boards, "understand cards" and other forms, make full use of radio, television, and newspapers to make government affairs public, actively use modern scientific and technological methods, and plan to advance e-government construction step by step.Internet access project to achieve the purpose of transparent information, convenient service and favorable supervision.
This text is about public affairs?
A.Means
B.Steps
C.Timing
D.Necessity

a
Whether things can be done well in China, whether socialism and reform and opening up can be sustained, whether the economy can develop faster, and whether the country can maintain long-term peace and order, in a certain sense, the key lies in people.
The text is intended to emphasize?
A.Human subjective initiative
B.The idea that man is better than heaven
C.Human objective regularity
D.People can determine the history

b
The combination of information science and medicine will have an immeasurable impact.Telemedicine will be popularized, and intelligent robots have begun to be used for diagnosis and treatment.Bioinformatics will not only be used for large amounts of biomedical data and processing, analysis and storage, but also Will be used directly in medical technology.
What is inaccurate in understanding this passage?
A.Telemedicine will gain popularity
B.Using biology to process, analyze and store a large amount of biomedical data
C.The use of intelligent robots for diagnosis and treatment has begun to take shape
D.Bioinformatics will be used directly in medical technology

b
The national economy is an organic whole.Like a machine, each component has its own function.Its normal operation is determined by the components and the overall performance.If it is fast, it will waste the machine, and it will damage the machine if it is blind.
What idea does this passage support?
A.The development of the national economy must not overheat
B.Coordinated development of the national economy
C.The speed of national economic development must not be too slow
D.The creation of a harmonious society depends on economic development

b
People in history want to do historical things, neither go beyond history and do things that cannot be done, nor shirk the responsibility of history, nor do things that should be done.
What is the correct understanding of this sentence?
A.Do what you can to do history
B.Be responsible for history
C.Do historical things against the advancement
D.To stand the test of history

d
When ultraviolet rays pass through the atmosphere, the vibration frequency of the ozone layer can just resonate with the ultraviolet rays, so that this vibration absorbs most of the ultraviolet rays.Therefore, the resonance energy can make the ozone layer in the atmosphere like sunscreen oil, which guarantees us Injured by rays.
What best summarizes the central idea above?
A.The ozone layer protects us from UV rays
B.UV and resonance
C.Where did the UV rays go?
D.Resonance protects us from UV rays

b
In today's international system, when nation-states are no longer the only international actors, they need to shape new identities, not new wines in old bottles, what kind of moderate, rational, and open new nationalism should be advocated, but should go beyond nationalism In the present, when sovereign states rather than nation-states are the basic unit of the international community, patriotism should be used in place of nationalism, proud of the country, and inspired for the future.
What's the point of this passage?
A.More and more nation-states in the international system
B.Patriotism is a transcendence of nationalism
C.Sovereign states will replace nation-states in the international community
D.The international system should develop in a moderate, rational and open direction

d
The door is a symbol of secrecy, avoidance, and a secret struggle of solitude or sorrow in the soul.A house without a door is not a room, but a corridor.No matter where a person is, as long as he is in a closed door Later, he can free himself.In the closed door, the work of the mind is most effective.Man is not a herd of horses grazing together.
What is the exact understanding of this passage?
A.People need to have a door to eliminate external interference in order to improve their thinking skills
B.People need a door to live freely and autonomously
C.People are not herding horses together, relying on the door to do some necessary avoidance
D.People have thoughts and feelings and need to have their own independent world.

b
Notice signs at the gates of city hotels, museums, and theaters that "improperly dressed people are prohibited from entering"; no migrant workers have been seen at the hearings; financial system restrictions on lenders' guarantees or mortgages, restrictions on small deposits, and large amounts School fees keep the poor and their children out of the door.
What idea does this passage support?
A.At present, social exclusion is widespread in China's economic sector.
B.China s widespread exclusion of the poor in the public domain
C.A fair society must not exclude the poor
D.Social inequity will eventually lead to social instability

b
The brain is an "electric organ".Using pulsed magnetic fields to activate the neural circuits of the brain can relieve stress, improve cognition, and even overcome fatigue.
Which of the following best summarizes the meaning of the above?
A.The brain is an "electric organ"
B.Effect of pulsed magnetic field on the neural circuits of the brain
C.People's Ways to Relieve Stress, Improve Cognition, and Overcome Fatigue
D.Brain neural circuits and treatments

c
"Made in China" is the pride of the Chinese people."Made in China" has opened up a new page of going global.However, when the title of "world factory" settled in Huaxia, people began to reflect, "Made in China" is "Made in China" (Most "Made in China" comes from processing trade, is a labor-intensive product with low added value)?
What is inaccurate in understanding this passage?
A.Although "Made in China" is our GD.P, it is someone else's pocket that earns the drums.
B."World Factory" relies on cheap labor costs, environmental costs, resource and energy costs, and extensive economic development models
C.In the global economic restructuring, China seized the opportunity to become a "world factory" in one fell swoop.
D.Focus on improving the quality and efficiency of economic growth

c
If the reform and opening-up are smooth and no mistakes are made, this is idealism's transcendental theory, because no one has the ability.If everything in the reform and opening up to the world is unavoidable, this is agnosticism, because there are some Mistakes are mainly caused by people's subjective factors and can be avoided.The general use of "paying tuition fees" to justify is an irresponsible performance to the people.
What is wrong with this passage?
A.Carry forward results and correct mistakes
B.Reform and opening up can be tested by practice
C.Reform and opening-up should be accountable to the people
D.Reform and opening up cannot be empty-handed, we must pay attention to practice

a
The true ruler of the Daqian world is the genes that make up our bodies.Humans (including all living things) are nothing but machines that have temporarily survived the world, and like cars, they are advancing for the benefit of others.
According to the author, which of the following judgments is wrong?
A.Humans rely on genes to sustain themselves
B.Genes rule our world
C.All living things are the tools by which genes can sustain themselves
D.Genes are like people to cars

d
The mobile phone junk text messages are "harassing", mostly pranks, "yellow paragraphs", and gossip; there are "trap", mostly cheating users' money; there are advertising text messages, and the text message business does bring a lot of money Profit, but some text messages are becoming a kind of "information nuisance", which makes people unbearable.Some new companies eager to develop new customers send a lot of text message ads.The majority of spam text message producers are operators.Product operators, scammers.Now it is time to improve the relevant regulatory regulations as soon as possible, and first control the SMS service provider.The tumor of spam SMS will be eradicated sooner or later.
What's best for this text title?
A.Spam messages become a public nuisance
B.Effectively manage spam messages
C.Why spam messages are repeatedly banned
D.Legal supervision of spam messages is not yet in place

a
Chekhov has a famous saying: "Puppies should not be disturbed by the existence of big dogs.All dogs should bark loudly-just yell loudly according to God's voice!"
What is the most accurate understanding of this passage?
A.The right of expression given to the public by law, regardless of three, six, nine, etc.
B.Everyone is equal before the law
C.People are born to talk
D.Speaking is both the ability of the people and the rights of the people

b
In today's era, our labor can be divided into two parts: one is the labor paid to obtain the means of living necessary for survival today; the second is the labor paid in advance for future development.When the ratio of the two is greater than the latter, It shows that our labor is still at a lower level; when the latter is much larger than the former, it means that our labor level has been greatly improved.Therefore, only through social development, progress, and improvement of people's efficiency and level can we truly achieve The complete liberation of humanity itself.
What is the correct understanding of this passage?
A.To make our society develop faster, we must do more labor that is paid in advance for future development
B.An important sign of the development of human society is the improvement of the level of labor
C.In modern society, any person's work can be divided into two levels
D.In today's era, the purpose of our labor is mainly to obtain the means of living necessary for survival

b
China's traditional temple fairs are folk gatherings that combine religious sacrifices, cultural performances, and commodity trading.The original form of the temple fair did not include the content of commodity exchanges, but was purely a religious sacrifice event.As the number of meetings continues to increase, naturally As a result of the gathering of merchants, regular market fairs naturally formed.Later, the function of trading goods at temple fairs became more important than the function of religious sacrifices.
What does this text mean?
A.The function of temple fair commodity trading is more important than the function of religious sacrifices
B.The spread of religion drives the circulation of goods
C.The original form of the temple fair did not include a commodity exchange
D.The circulation of goods has also promoted the spread of religion

d
The New Year's Day greeting card produced by the Taiwan Xianghe Foundation uploads a passage that imitates Lu You's "Phoenix Phoenix": "Local smoke, local smoke, and addiction, the sea of bitterness are boundless.The predecessors sing, the posterity is harmonious, the one after dinner, the gods live, Wrong and wrong! Smoke is like tears, people are bitter, coughing and asthma are enough! Less joy, more sorrow.Once addicted, lifelong shackles.Momomo! "
What does this passage mainly support?
A.The great fun of smoking
B.People have a hard life and happiness is hard to come by
C.Modern people fight for fame and fortune, addicted to material
D.Advising people not to smoke

b
At present, the rural social endowment insurance implements a nationwide unified real-name personal account according to the ID card number of the insured, and implements the payment determination type, which is mainly based on personal accounts.The payment standard is low and can be transferred from person to person.It is suitable for the flexibility of farmers' characteristics.Social endowment insurance system.This flexible social endowment insurance system has been piloted in Beijing's Daxing District, Shanxi and other places, showing good adaptability and scalability.
What is the most accurate expression of the main meaning of this passage?
A.Rural social endowment insurance is mainly based on the individual account of the insured
B.Flexible social endowment insurance system shows good adaptability and scalability in rural areas
C.Low standards for rural social endowment insurance contributions
D.Rural social endowment insurance can be transferred from person to person

d
This is a typical large-scale mountainous area in the southwest of China.There are many people and few people, the land is barren, the climate is harsh, and the country has been in drought for ten years.Although the country's good policies have put some people on the road to getting rich, many farmers still struggle on the poverty line.
What does this passage say?
A.Dashishan's economic backwardness and lack of culture are in stark contrast to the colorful world outside
B.Instead of waiting for national policy assistance, the local government should adapt to local conditions and develop regional characteristics to escape poverty.
C.Solving the problem of subsistence and clothing in the poor people in some southwestern areas is a priority for coordinated development
D.A major obstacle to the prosperity of local people is the harsh natural environment

a
Some researchers believe that women are not different from men in terms of knowledge background and intelligence, and they have natural advantages in communication ability and affinity.In the information age, female managers are often more easily recognized by team members and more suitable for building companies Cohesion and motivation of employees.
What is inaccurate in this text?
A.There is no physiological difference between women in intelligence and men
B.Women are good at dealing with various personnel relations
C.Women are suitable for management
D.The information age is more suitable for taking advantage of women

c
The heavy historical and cultural heritage is not the burden of urban construction and urban development, but the carrier of spiritual ideas, and it is easy to condense into the greatest wealth of modern construction.Develop the internal motivation of people, produce cultural effects, greatly improve the quality of citizens, and various cultural forms It then merged and penetrated, radiating the Quartet.
What does this passage support?
A.The concept of the historical and cultural landscape as a new perspective on urban construction is still difficult to accept
B.Material wealth is a tangible foundation for urban construction
C.Historical and cultural heritage is conducive to improving the spiritual quality of the city and shaping the image of the city
D.Cultural construction is the main component of urban construction

c
Wang Zengqi once said that language is not an external thing.It coexists with internal thoughts and cannot be separated.In his opinion, writing a novel is writing a language, and a Chinese lesson is learning a language, but a language is not an empty shell, but it must bear all kinds of things.A variety of ideas, philosophy, ethics, morality.How to be a person, how to treat parents, brothers, and sisters, how to treat friends, how to treat a nation-state and your own labor, etc., these coexist with language in Chinese lessons.From this meaning In terms of language education, traditional culture must be absorbed and inherited, and poetry is undoubtedly the epitome of traditional culture.
What does this text mean?
A.Poetry contains a wealth of ideological, ethical and moral elements
B.Chinese education without inner thoughts is empty
C.Attention must be paid to the role of poetry in Chinese education
D.Chinese education needs to be synchronized with ideological and moral education

a
During the four hundred years of Qin and Han dynasties, politics and culture pushed each other to form a complementary mechanism.The effects were: unity was considered reasonable, normal, and the division was considered illogical and abnormal.This trend created by Qin and Han culture, It has profoundly affected the history of China for the next two thousand years.The unification of the country has strengthened the speed and intensity of the integration of multiculturalism; the integrated unified culture has strong cohesion and centripetal force, which in turn increases political unification.
What does this passage mean?
A.Politics and culture are closely linked
B.The influence of Qin and Han culture on future generations
C.The Chinese culture has a strong centripetal force
D.The premise of national unity is the unification of culture

a
"Striving for a reason" is not the best expression.It is too hard and eager to explain the truth, but it is less calm and calm.It reflects the lack of self-confidence of the "struggle" and also shows his underestimation of the audience's ability to distinguish matters.
Which of the following is closest to the views expressed by the author?
A.Reasonably absent
B.Justice and freedom
C.Silence is better than sound at this time
D.Needle tip does not have to

b
Government procurement is an important institutional arrangement for public financial management.The original meaning is to regulate government purchases, save financial funds, and prevent corruption at the source.The procurement department did not check the price, and it violated the original intention of the system.Chinese Academy of Social Sciences announced According to a survey, some local governments in the process of purchasing office supplies, nearly 80% of the goods are higher than the market price.This reflects two problems, one is the unreasonable purchase demand, the only one is expensive.That's right; on the other hand, there is tediousness in the government procurement tendering process.Whoever supervises government procurement has always been the soft underbelly of the procurement system.The procurement tendering operates in a space without sunlight, which has led to the chaos of "anti-market competition".
What does this passage mean?
A.The original intention of the government procurement system is to prevent corruption
B.Government procurement needs to be conducted under relevant supervision
C.Irrational procurement needs lead to government corruption
D.There are a large number of violations in government procurement

d
At present, the materials used for artificial joints are nothing more than metals and plastics.Because potassium, sodium, chlorine and other chemical substances in the human body can make metal materials corrode and rust, and plastics age, the chemical properties of the selected metals and plastics must be highly stable.
What is the main point of this passage?
A.Artificial joints must be made of metal
B.Plastic artificial joints are prone to aging
C.Human potassium, sodium, chlorine and other chemical properties are very active and have a corrosive effect
D.Artificial joints must be made of highly stable metals and plastics

c
Individuals always live in certain institutional arrangements.Most of the traditional Chinese Confucian institutional arrangements are informal, emphasizing the internalization of behavior rules, not paying attention to external coercive constraints, and have higher flexibility.
therefore?
A.Confucianism is modern
B.Under the arrangement of the Confucian system, individuals can do whatever they want, without restriction
C.Under the arrangement of the Confucian system, individuals can flexibly adjust their own rules of behavior with an understanding of the rules of the self-system
D.Under the arrangement of the Confucian system, individuals can obtain the greatest freedom

d
The collision and fusion of language and language is part of cultural communication.Today in the world, this communication is becoming more frequent and faster, but from the perspective of a language itself, it always has to maintain the essence of the past and absorb it.External factors that would otherwise fail to convey a new reality.
In this passage, "collision and fusion of language" mean?
A.Absorption of one language by another
B.Different languages interact with each other and absorb each other
C.Take the essence of foreign language and remove its dross
D.Not only maintain the essence of the native language, but also absorb the reasonable elements of the foreign language

a
The scanning electron microscope has a wide range of uses in physical evidence inspection.It is very useful for the inspection of tool marks, bullets, and marks on the shell, and it is also extremely useful for hair, shooting residues and other fine physical evidence.The magnification provides magnified images of the morphological and surface structural characteristics of the physical evidence, and because of the good depth of field, it also provides clear three-dimensional images.These advantages are beyond those of ordinary optical microscopes.In addition, scanning electron microscopes and X-ray analyzers Networking also enables a qualitative analysis of test materials.
This passage mainly supports such an argument, that is?
A.The scanning electron microscope has a wide range of uses in physical evidence inspection
B.Advantages of a scanning electron microscope
C.The scanning electron microscope has advantages for physical evidence inspection
D.The scanning electron microscope is the most widely used instrument in physical evidence inspection.

a
During the growth and development of the human body, the functional status of pulse, blood pressure and vital capacity indicators has obvious age characteristics and gender differences.
Who can directly support this sentence?
A.Age and gender have an impact on the pulse, blood pressure and vital capacity
B.Human growth is different
C.Men have slower pulses than women
D.Blood pressure and vital capacity are linked

c
With 9.6% of natural resources, 9.4% of capital resources, and 1.85% of knowledge and technology resources in the world, China must provide employment opportunities for 26% of the world's labor force.It is no exaggeration to say that this was originally a war of employment.At present, the international financial crisis is becoming increasingly apparent.How should we fight this battle before China?
What does "this battle" mean in this article?
A.How to win in a highly competitive employment war
B.How to get rid of the impact of the international financial crisis on the domestic economy
C.How to solve the problem of domestic labor employment under conditions of more limited resources
D.How to take advantage of the world's labor market

d
The U.S."market rescue" policy is a remedial measure taken to maintain the normal operation of the economy after the collapse of the subprime financial bubble.The short-term slump in the Chinese real estate market is, in essence, a phased block in the manufacturing process of the real estate bubble.If the government let go of the so-called "rescue" in finance, credit, etc., it means that supporting the real estate industry can continue to blow a big bubble.
What does this passage mean?
A.China's real estate bubble is fundamentally different from the US
B.The Chinese government's "rescue the market" measures should not be financed by manpower
C.China's real estate bubble will eventually burst
D.The Chinese government should not "save the market" at this time

c
Stephen Sundlov, director of the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition in the United States, said: "The melamine levels we detect from dairy products are extremely low, and from a public health or infant health perspective, we think trace amounts of melamine are perfectly fine.Parents who have given a baby a product before should continue to do so.This is most beneficial for the baby."
In this passage, Stephen mainly wants to tell everyone?
A.Extremely low levels of melamine in dairy products
B.Babies should continue to consume dairy products
C.Trace amounts of melamine are not harmful to the human body
D.Maintaining a baby's good eating habits is important for baby growth

b
In recent years, "social sentiment and public opinion centers" have conducted investigations in a way that is relatively in line with academic norms, and have formed a complete data report, which has established a certain authority.However, these "public opinion centers" are either born of government departments or directly It is the subordinate agency of the government department, which is semi-official and determines its fundamental value orientation.
What does this text mainly mean?
A.The government's social sentiment and public opinion center have standardized investigative methods and authoritative data.The results of its investigation are worth affirming
B.The findings of social sentiment and opinion centers at all levels are affected by the nature of their institutions
C.The role of "polls" and their credibility should be reexamined
D.The government should not interfere in "polls"

c
If anyone is still wondering whether the United States is truly a country where everything is possible, if anyone is still questioning whether the dreams of our founders are still alive in our time, and if there are still doubts about the power of our democratic system, then tonight you Got an answer.
What does this passage say?
A.People should have absolute confidence in American democracy and vitality
B.Something tonight will prove America's democracy and vitality
C.The moment of change in the United States is coming
D.What the United States needs is adherence to the traditional political culture

d
Humans once glorified their evolution away from the natural world, and even more proud of conquering nature with rational iron hoofs.However, look at human history books full of golden iron horses and think about the nuclear arsenal that can destroy the earth dozens of times.Count the species that are extinct every day due to ecological degradation.How much better is our human existence as a species and the existence of a link in the earth's biosphere as compared to other living things in nature?
What is the original intention of the author to write this text?
A.Point out the damage humans have caused to nature
B.Point out that human values make humans ignore respect for nature
C.Point out that humans should feel ashamed and ashamed before the natural interface
D.Point out that humans believe that they are above other creatures

d
If it is said that industrialization of agriculture on the ground means urbanization of the countryside, then if the two are combined with the migration of farmers to the city and urbanization in the city, can it be combined to achieve urban-rural integration? Changsha County, a suburb of Changsha City in Hunan Province, seems to have confessed the opportunity for urban-rural coordination that a country may realize.
What's most likely next in this article?
A.Analyze the common connection and influencing factors of agricultural on-site industrialization and farmers' urbanization
B.The example of Changsha County shows that the industrialization of agriculture on the ground is not equal to the urbanization of rural areas
C.The analysis shows how to combine and promote the joint development of urban and rural areas
D.Introduce the practice and experience of Changsha County in the process of achieving urban-rural coordination

d
Publicly elected cadres are a combination of traditional cadre organization inspection and promotion system and modern appointment and appointment system of public officials.Firstly, publicly elected cadres to emphasize the word "public", and public recommendation and public selection break the traditional promotion and appointment of cadres.One of the highlights is the closedness, ambiguity, and man-made operation of the public, at least for the public to have confidence in the promoted leaders.
What the text state that one of the highlights of publicly elected cadres is?
A.Real scholars can break through the qualifications and identity restrictions to stand out
B.The grass-roots and non-students have come to the stage to give play to their governance skills and open up a smooth road
C.Public recommendation and public selection
D.Openness and fairness of appointments, winning public recognition

a
Today, when professionalism prevails, reporters' interviews are becoming a routine operation, and the step-by-step news production framework has obscured the necessity and importance of many principles.However, the earthquake has largely reawakened the news reports.Moral requirements-morality here is not just simple judgments of right and wrong and observance of professional conduct, but also extensive humanistic care and the courage of commitment behind the care.
What is the most accurate summary of the above paragraph?
A.This earthquake once again awakens the moral demands in news reports that have long been ignored
B.News reporting requires ethical requirements
C.The ethical requirements of news reporting include not only professional conduct, but also humane care and courage
D.Journalists should report the earthquake in accordance with journalistic ethics requirements

d
Democratization in the Middle East is a superficial form, and it is extremely difficult to integrate it into a stable democracy.Democratization as we usually understand it is often to overthrow the dictatorship of a certain faction or individual, but in fact, democratization after overthrowing dictatorship The process is much more difficult.Most countries in the Middle East are different from Japan and South Korea, and it is often difficult to understand how complicated the political process is in the Middle East.
Regarding this text, what is wrong with the following understanding?
A.Democratization as we understand it is too narrow
B.Most countries in the Middle East are not single nation-states
C.People imagine the political process in the Middle East too simple
D.The democratization process in a single nation-state is smoother than in a multi-ethnic state

c
There are many literary works in China that have been handed down to the present and enduring.This is deeply related to the "Gestalt" in the minds of people who have been cultured for thousands of years.Even tragedies have to find ways to find a happy ending.The mainstream of culture is literary.The paradise life described by literature, although the fairyland on earth is out of reach, is deeply rooted in people's lives-looking forward to a better tomorrow.
What is the most accurate understanding of the "Gestalt" in this passage?
A.A happy ending in literature
B.Paradise life, paradise on earth, as described in the literature
C.Beautiful imagination and longing for the ideal life
D.Preference to turn tragedy into a happy ending

b
Cost determines the development speed of green fuel.Its biggest competitor, the petroleum industry, is in its heyday after more than 100 years of in-depth research and development, and most oil smelters currently operating have achieved a balance of payments.And biomass Fuel plants still require hundreds of millions of dollars in up-front investment.This cost must also be taken into account when calculating the price of green fuel.
What is the most accurate summary of the main point of this passage?
A.To calculate the price of green fuel, you need to consider the initial investment cost
B.Relative to traditional oil, the cost of developing green fuels is at a disadvantage
C.Oil is the biggest competitor for green fuel development
D.Oil is in its heyday, and other fuels cannot compare to it

b
Generally speaking, the primary industry acts as a "reservoir" for surplus labor.Although the surface can absorb a large amount of labor, it actually has limited capacity to absorb it.The second and third industries are the main industries that absorb labor.Under the same economic scale (that is, the same GD.P), the higher the proportion of the secondary and tertiary industries, especially the tertiary industry, the greater the carrying capacity of the labor force in a certain region.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.The limited ability of the first industry to effectively absorb labor
B.Different regional industrial structures have different labor force carrying capacity
C.Second, the tertiary industry is the main industry to absorb labor, and it should focus on the development
D.The economic scale has a large impact on the carrying capacity of the labor force

c
For a long time to come, China's economic development level, with GD.P per capita as the main indicator, will still have some difficulties in catching up with western developed countries.Then, the question now is whether China can only reach the same level as western developed countries.Is the level of development necessary to establish a basic social security system covering all members of society? If the answer is yes, it means that China will not be able to establish a social security system covering all members of society for a long time to come, and this obviously does not meet the requirements of development.
What is the author's opinion through this passage?
A.It is difficult for China to catch up with western developed countries
B.China does not have the conditions to establish a basic social security system covering all members of society
C.A social security system covering all members of society cannot be established until China catches up with the level of development of Western developed countries
D.China will not be able to establish a social security system covering all members of society for a long time to come

d
Later scholars often linked the "October Revolution" of 1917 with the "May 4th Movement" of 1919, but few people observed the "non-violent non-cooperative movement" in India that occurred almost simultaneously.In fact, 1919 The Chinese ideological community has also been affected by the pinch-style impact of the two major social trends from the north and the south.At least in the economic field, the conservative choice of the entrepreneurial class and Gandhi's non-violent claims can be referenced.
The author writes this text to point out?
A.The "October Revolution" and the "May 4th Movement" are closely linked
B.Scholars ignore the impact of India's "non-violent non-cooperative movement" on Chinese intellectuals in 1919
C.Around the May Fourth Movement, conservative entrepreneurial choices were influenced by Gandhi's claims
D.The Chinese ideological circle before and after the May 4th Movement was influenced by two major trends of thought in Russia and India

c
Rural culture is a set of contextualized production and living experience system, which is determined by the production and living conditions of the society.In any case, the import of "advanced" culture from outside into such a society is also divorced from reality.
What is the most accurate understanding of the meaning of "contextualization" in this passage?
A.Adapted to production and living experience in rural areas
B.Adaptation to the actual changes in rural development
C.Practically connected and integrated with local rural society
D.Adapted to the development of advanced culture

c
It can be difficult to think of nuclear energy as a sustainable resource.Unlike other alternative resources, nuclear energy has long been an abomination to environmentalists, mainly because of the storage of radioactive waste.However, nuclear reactors are also a source of efficient electricity and do not emit Any polluting gas, and, for certain types of reactors, its design minimizes waste and basically prevents the reactor from melting.
Regarding this text, what is wrong with the following understanding?
A.Nuclear energy can hardly be seen as a sustainable resource
B.Some types of reactors can basically prevent the reactor from melting
C.The nuclear reactor does not emit any contaminated waste and gases
D.Nuclear reactors are a source of efficient electricity, and some reactor designs have been improved

b
The development of law is closely related to the change of society, which also contains another meaning, that is, the life of law lies in affecting politics and transforming society.There is an innate connection between law and politics.Classic jurists are actually politics Philosophers.They have never talked about the law alone.Their opinions on law and law are often derived from the inquiry into non-legal issues.
Regarding this text, is the following statement correct?
A.Solving law and law issues alone cannot yield useful insights about law and law
B.Exploring legal issues must be closely linked to social change so that the law can truly develop
C.The close relationship between the development of law and social change is also reflected in the impact of social change on the development of law
D.Political philosophers discuss how to use law and law to influence politics and transform society

d
Although thinking can occasionally bring exciting discoveries, the stages between these discoveries and discoveries are a great test of the energy and endurance of thinkers.When thinking, we don't need to tell ourselves that we are going through an exciting Process, and as long as we recognize that our actions are in accordance with the requirements of human conditions, seriously, rationally and autonomously, it is sufficient.
What does the text mean?
A.Thinking according to the requirements of the human condition is the mission of the thinker
B.Thinkers must have sufficient energy and endurance to think about problems
C.Thinkers think about problems not just in pursuit of exciting processes
D.Thinkers must be serious, rational, and self-disciplined in thinking about problems

a
The so-called color is actually a reaction of electromagnetic waves of certain wavelengths captured by our eyes.Although all objects with a temperature above absolute zero will emit electromagnetic waves, only a few electromagnetic waves of a specific wavelength can cause human Light perception.Among the electromagnetic waves from solar radiation, in addition to visible light, there are some infrared and ultraviolet rays that we cannot see.If all visible light is filtered out, even if the remaining electromagnetic wave intensity is high, we can only see To a pitch black.
Regarding this text, is the following statement correct?
A.The presence of visible light is the basis for human eyes to perceive color
B.The reaction produced by the eyes after capturing electromagnetic waves is a light perception
C.The higher the temperature of the object, the stronger the electromagnetic waves released
D.The stronger the intensity of visible light, the brighter the colors seen by the eyes

a
After the 1911 Revolution, the Forbidden City's old collections and palaces passed away in large numbers.At this time, these official kiln porcelains that were hardly known outside the Chinese mainland, or even ordinary Chinese themselves, were constantly displayed.Today, some tourists have visited several foreign museums, and when they saw some of the official kiln porcelain in the collection, they took it for granted that Zhang Guan Li Daidi mistakenly thought that the noble evaluation of Chinese porcelain in Western history was directed at the official kiln.This is really a historical misunderstanding.
This text is most likely discussed next?
A.History of Chinese Porcelain Export to the West
B.Evaluation of Chinese Porcelain in Western History
C.The spread of Guanyao porcelain in folk
D.Reasons for this historical misunderstanding

d
The core element of the emotional and social skills that individual life learns from family life is "morality." And in the long survival competition, the ability of individual life to acquire this emotion is encoded by neurons as a specific period of time." "Window", miss this period, it is difficult to acquire the corresponding skills, thereby greatly weakening the social communication ability of individual life.
Regarding this text, is the following statement correct?
A.Morality determines an individual's emotional and social skills
B.Individuals' ability to acquire morality is determined by neuron coding
C.Individuals will not be able to acquire social skills if they miss a certain time
D.There is a critical period for the development of individual emotional and social skills

d
In order to increase the freshness of the news, many reports will choose the micro-cutting of small incisions, and economic news reports are no exception.However, in actual operation, such reports often make readers' perceptions too fragmented and one-sided.In the financial crisis report, the tourism industry was deserted for a while, the real estate was sluggish for a while, and the middle-class white-collar workers had the money to dare not spend it ...What is the overall picture? At this time, the sense of the overall situation when micro-cutting is very important.
What is the author's attitude towards the micro-entry of economic news?
A.Leave it alone
B.Agree
C.against
D.Dialectic

a
The reason is the most trusted tool when people need to make sound judgments to decide how to act in complex situations.Irrational tools such as hunch and habit are often used, but when it matters, or When success or failure depends on the point of judgment, it is undoubtedly the easiest way to succeed by resorting to rationality.We already have some reasonable methods that have been tested for a long time and can be used to determine which is appropriate and which is true.We also have a series of Established principles that can guide us to derive inferences from what is already known.
What does the text mean?
A.The reason is the most reliable tool for people to make judgments
B.A set of methods already exists to help people make sound judgments
C.Irrational tools cannot be trusted when people need to make sound judgments
D.The judgment of complex situations based on rationality is not wrong

d
Fang Long's writing is vivid and good at telling stories.He wrote so dry and tasteless scientific common sense that both adults and children feel tired and forgetful.It is really wonderful to use the writer's method to tell science.
Regarding this text, the following understanding is accurate: [].
A.Fang Long pioneered the literary way of telling common sense in science
B.Van Loong can tell dry and tasteless scientific common sense vividly
C.Fang Long's writing is vivid and has a large number of readers
D.Fan Long's scientific common sense stimulates readers' interest in science

a
In 1958, IB.M missed the opportunity to acquire a new company.The company invented a new technology called photocopying.Two years later, Xerox Corporation was born.Since then, IB.M has no regrets every day.10 years later, DEC redundant company invented the minicomputer.IB.M thinks that too small guys are not enough to perform decent calculations.When IB.M finally entered the minicomputer market, DEC has developed into a company with a market value of hundreds of millions of dollars.After 10 years, Apple Corporation invented Apple II, and IB.M believes that personal computers are not an invention, and they are not important to their own business.5 years later, when IB.M entered the personal computer market with the IB.MPC machine, it had already needed 50 Several rivals competing for market share are fiercely competing.
The most accurate summary of this text is [].
A.IB.M missed opportunities for innovation and development
B.IB.M is a company with slow decisions and repeated failures
More than 50 companies in C.IB.M missed the perfect time for a PC to enter the market
D.If IB.M seizes the three opportunities mentioned in the article, it will become the most powerful technology company

c
Beautiful faces are often just the result of averaging.Scientific research has found that the more people's faces are combined together with a computer, the more attractive the new faces are.The two faces are only ordinary people, and 32 faces can be synthesized.This is because the average face masks the original disharmony, or because the average face is very symmetrical, and symmetry is one of the signs of health.
Regarding this text, the following understanding is accurate (>).
A.Ordinary people become ordinary people because their faces are common
B.Individual faces often appear less beautiful due to non-averaging
C.Faces may be attractive because of coordination or health
D.Beauty is a subjective feeling, not everyone likes computer-synthesized faces

d
The question of the meaning of life cannot be reduced to empirical research.If all epistemological problems can be solved in practice by scientific inquiry, then we may feel that even if all these problems are resolved in the wake of waking It has nothing to do with the meaning of life, it has nothing to do with the question of what a beautiful human life contains.
The main meaning expressed in this text is ().
A.Epistemological questions can be answered through empirical research
B.Advances in science do not necessarily lead to good human life
C.The meaning of life is to make human life better
D.Seeking the meaning of life cannot be done using scientific inquiry

a
Traditional historical research, because its objects are mostly "non-speakable" archives and documents, so in the research process, they are only "defendants" tried by researchers who play the role of "judge", and this defendant did not have any right to defend themselves.Therefore, different "judges" use different rules for trials.Although this rule is very scientific and accurate, the results of research on the same issue are very different.
The main meaning expressed in this text is ().
A.Using the same archives and literature to conduct historical research may yield different results
B.Use of archives and literature for historical research should be cautious and not arbitrary
C.Research history should also focus on the use of "talking" historical materials
D.Uniform rules should be developed to regulate the study of archives and literature

a
In Newton's eyes, time is absolute.It transcends nature and governs everything but cannot increase or decrease it.Common quantum mechanics accepts this concept of absolute time.In contrast, relativity believes that in gravitational fields, time and others All things that change over time move more slowly.In relativity, time is no longer an external parameter, but an active participant in the formation of the universe.
Regarding this text, the following understanding is accurate: [].
A.Relativity develops human understanding of time
B.Objective time is relative and absolute unity
C.Leaving the gravitational field, time will also disappear
D.Newton does not believe that time is actively involved in the formation of the universe

d
When it comes to the destruction of values in the real society by "Gong Dou Xi", it is somewhat exaggerated.Film and television works have a "realistic" function.Why can't the "black shadow" in reality be put into film and television works? ? Moreover, in the cultivation and guidance of values, the preaching and influence of film and television works is not a panacea.
An accurate understanding of this text is [].
A.Film and television works should guide the values in real society
B."Gong Dou Xi" will not affect the values in real society
C.Film and television works should not have preaching and influence of values
D."Black shadow" in the text refers to some dark and ugly phenomena in society

a
17th-century British scholar Thomas Fuller said: "Knowledge makes good people better, and bad people worse." Samuel Johnson said: "It is terrible to have knowledge without integrity." Russell said: "Science is a kind of power, and any power can be good or bad."And Einstein said more succinctly:" The knife is useful, but it can also be used to kill people."
The most suitable title for this text is [>.
A.Knowledge requires human control
B.Knowledge is power
C.Knowledge and ethics
D.Knowledge is a knife

c
Genomics research shows that the human genome contains 20,000 to 25,000 genes, but so far, using gene detection technology, only more than a thousand disease genes can be found, and all are single-gene diseases.Multi-gene diseases that humans still suffer from It is a blind spot for technical testing.In this regard, the results of existing genetic tests all use "high", "medium", "low" or a percentage range to indicate the individual's risk probability of a certain disease, which cannot reach the so-called 100% accuracy.In addition, even if the genetic test results are normal, the possibility of getting sick cannot be ruled out.
The author intends to explain through this text (>.
A.Human illness is a very complex process
B.Existing genetic test results are not refined enough
C.Current genetic testing has its technical limitations
D.Genetic test results cannot exclude the possibility of human disease

b
The reduction of the death penalty does not mean that holes or loopholes can be discovered.In fact, one of the conditions for abolishing the death penalty in any country is that the justice of the country reaches a certain level.Otherwise, people will not have confidence in justice, and people will hope to impose more death sentences.^ Is complementary.
"This" in the above text means [>.
A.Reduction of capital punishment and hacking
B.Reduction of the death penalty and national justice
C.Justice and confidence in justice
D.Conditions for abolition of the death penalty and justice

b
Protestant theory believes that children are unformed people.Only through literacy, education, rationality, self-control, and the cultivation of shame can children be transformed into a civilized adult.The romantic theory believes that unformed people It's not a child's problem, the problem is entire with deformed adults.Children have innate candidness, understanding, curiosity, spontaneous abilities, but these abilities are overwhelmed by literacy, education, rationality, self-control and shame.
Regarding this text, the following understanding is accurate (>).
A.Protestants and Romantics are fundamentally opposed on how to educate children
B.Protestants believe that children must be trained to become civilized adults
C.Romantics believe that adults who cannot maintain their innate abilities are deformed
D.Cultivation of children should maintain children's inherent abilities

d
The complete form of literature and art is fundamentally the two-way generation of the subject and the object of acceptance.The artistic reflection of the objective world and real life by writers and artists must always have its own standpoint and starting point, and always evoke the aesthetic experience of a certain object.For the purpose of creation, and then realize the meaning of creation.Aspiring writers and artists are always committed to describing, serving and influencing the backbone and subjective forces that create history, and promote the realization of a beautiful social ideal, so as to obtain profound social effects and art.value.
Regarding this text, the following understanding is accurate: [].
A.Promoting the realization of the ideal of a better society is the creative position and starting point that literary artists should hold
B.The position and starting point of the literary artist reflected in the literature and art are consistent with his aesthetic experience
C.Literary art that is detached from the receiving object is detached from the backbone and subjective force of history
D.The form of literary and artistic creation that cannot obtain profound social effects and artistic value is defective

a
Observing the situation in Japan and some European countries, the direct consequences of the continued economic downturn are young people's difficult employment, high unemployment, reduced income, etc.The difficulty of the young generation's economic independence also has another consequence: increased support for children by parents.The country's common experience shows that once young people lack economic independence, parents' involvement in their children's lives will deepen.A similar trend has already occurred in China.
According to this text, it is impossible to conclude that the opinion supported by the author is?
A.Parents always like to get involved in their children's affairs, it has nothing to do with the economy
B.Parental involvement will extend to young people's choice of spouse and career
C.Parents' involvement in life is not only reflected in financial support, but also affects children's decision-making
D.Slow economic development, the reverse growth of family power, and new social problems

a
"Chinese folk may be hiding 7,000 Messi." Some foreign media have described the potential of talents inspired by the reform plan as such.But only by discovering the stars and cultivating professional players, they have deviated from the true meaning of campus football.Let football really take root.Depending on the children's "gain", happy football is more vital than elite football.
Regarding this text, what is the following understanding?
A.Stripping football utilitarianism and subtly implanting interest, can campus football have the development potential
B.Campus football can break down departmental barriers, streamline the management system, and inject momentum for "combination of sports and education"
C.Letting football enter the campus can quickly plow school sports reforms and consolidate the foundation of football talents
D.The success or failure of campus football determines the future of Chinese football

c
The two reading paths, one deep and one shallow, have not merged with the improvement of communication technology and the changes in the carrier of the book.Even shallow reading is better, and the fragmentation of reading is one of the important expressions.Admittedly, zero beads Sanyu is also valuable, but if you read and seek knowledge blindly, the brain groove will become shallow.In fact, what reading is not the core, the real reader does not care about the form of the book, whether it is printed on paper or mapped on a mobile phone On the screen, as long as it is the Analects of Confucius.Electronicization does not necessarily make reading shallow, the key is that the text read is shallow.
Regarding this text, what is the following understanding?
A.Electronic reading is more convenient and effective than paper reading
B.Shallow reading is better than deep reading, and it is more conducive to improving people's thinking ability.
C.What carrier is used to read is not the key to reading, the most important thing is whether the text read is profound
D.Reading a love novel is the same as reading a humanistic classic.

b
"Internet +" is a scientifically controlled technology that utilizes the acceleration, quality, and efficiency of technology.As advanced technology and tool, the Internet is actively used for construction and development, and used for attacks and damage.It is negative.We must actively and effectively use the Internet as an advanced tool to promote economic and social development, and we must establish good order and adopt security protection measures to prevent passive and harm caused by destructive use.
Regarding this text, what is the following understanding?
A.The Internet is conducive to promoting economic and social development, and its advantages outweigh its disadvantages.
B.The Internet is a double-edged sword."Internet +" is a dialectical advantage and avoidance of the Internet
C.The emergence of "Internet +" is to eliminate the negative effects of the Internet
D.The Internet has caused many young people to indulge in it, delaying their studies, and doing more harm than good.

a
After some corrupt officials are sacked, or they denounce their power and let them fall, or regret that they went into the wrong way and chose the wrong path, they should not be officials, or they told their children "never do politics".Is politics really a "high-risk occupation"? Obviously, it is a public office serving the people.How can it become a "trap" that mistakes oneself, or even an invisible "weapon"? Once corruption is caught, all faults are blamed on "power" itself, revealing the nature that cannot resist temptation, can't keep clean, and is easy to corrupt itself.
Regarding this text, what is the following understanding?
A.Politicians should adhere to integrity
B."Absolute power leads to absolute corruption", once a person has power, he will inevitably go to corruption
C.Politics is a high-risk occupation that can easily lead officials to corruption
D.Compared with professions such as doctors and teachers, politicians are more responsible and riskier

c
Should "bad guys" have a lawyer? In a society where the principles of the rule of law have not yet been established, it may be an endless debate, but in the modern rule of law environment, as the most basic bottom line consensus, there should be no tearing.Any member of society must It must not be found innocent, which is the core content of the presumption of innocence.From this point on, the rule of law designed and operated from the ground up requires very strict legal procedures to determine the crime and innocence of any citizen.Lawyers provide legal assistance to citizens and defend their legitimate rights and interests, and should not be criticized, let alone violent.
Regarding this text, what is the following understanding?
A.Lawyers should not defend "bad guys"
B.Only lawyers can guarantee the equal implementation of the presumption of innocence
C.The presumption of innocence applies to any criminal suspect
D.Citizens' crimes and non-crimes, to be determined by lawyers

d
When China was still in classical localist culture, on the one hand, the concept of hometown firmly restricted population migration, and on the other hand, population migration was free.The migration of the population may not necessarily lead to the development of the resettled place.However, inspections In human history, it can be said that all the developed areas must be the result of the migration of people.The migration of West Asia has the glory of ancient Greece.The migration of the European continent has British Isles.Rise.With the tide-like breakthrough of the Kanto, the prosperity of the Northeast region after the late Qing Dynasty.The prosperity of the region is inseparable from the creation and construction of the migrant population.
Regarding this text, what is the following understanding?
A.Mobility between regions, migrants are "foreign population"
B.In ancient China, population migration was restricted
C.Migrants should not be discriminated against or excluded
D.Without population migration, there will be no regional development

d
The Ministry of Environmental Protection interviewed the chief officials of the city and opened a new model of environmental governance.But the public interview is not a long-term environmental governance model.For now, public interviews are aimed at specific environmental issues.Specific environmental governance, Of course, it is important, but environmental governance is not only a solution to specific environmental problems, but also the entire environmental system, the goals and strategies of the Ministry of Environmental Protection and local environmental governance, and the relationship between government environmental governance and public rights.The environmental problems on the surface may be resolved quickly, but the deep-seated problems of local construction are not resolved, and the triggers for environmental problems are always present.
Regarding this text, what is the correct understanding?
A.Public interviews can fundamentally control environmental pollution
B.The key to environmental governance is to rely on top city officials
C.The environmental governance goals of the Ministry of Environmental Protection are inconsistent with the environmental goals of the city
D.Environmental talks cannot be limited to solving specific environmental problems

b
A concept proposed by Harding in The Tragedy of the Commons: a group of herders grazing together in a public pasture.A herdsman wants to raise an extra sheep to increase personal income, although he knows that there are too many sheep on the pasture After raising more, the quality of the pasture will be reduced, but he will increase if he does not increase others.Therefore, he will definitely choose to raise more sheep for gain, because the cost of grassland degradation is borne by everyone.If every herder thinks so , The grassland is degraded, and all herders will be lost, and the "tragedy of the commons" will be staged.The solution to the tragedy of the commons is to find a master for the grasslands, and the owners will naturally take measures to protect the grasslands.
Regarding this text, what is the following understanding?
A.All herders are selfish and consider only personal interests
B.To avoid the "tragedy of the commons", it is necessary to set up and implement the responsibility for post management
C.The solution to the "tragedy of the commons" is to privatize grasslands
D.We all bear the cost of grassland degradation, which reflects the fairness and justice of society

b
No matter how poor or bitter Chinese people are, they often have to squeeze money out of their teeth for their children to go to school.They know that only in this way can they fundamentally change their destiny and have a future.Applying to the level of national policy, There is no doubt that education should only be a public good and a cause of burning money.
The "burning cause" in this sentence can be understood as:
A.Education is a very expensive business
B.Education should be invested rather than profited from
C.Investment in education may not pay for itself
D.The state should increase investment in education

c
Currently, the specific drug Tamifluchlor for bird flu has not been registered by the Ministry of Health in Vietnam, so it is difficult to circulate widely in Vietnam.
This sentence means:
A.Vietnam lacks medicine for bird flu
B.Vietnam can't buy medicine for bird flu
C.It takes time for bird flu special effects to be widely circulated in Vietnam
D.Vietnam's Ministry of Health should quickly register Tamiflu

c
These humble people like dust, their silhouettes appear in my sight, their spirits settle in my mind, they often make me feel that this ordinary world is so cute, this scattered world is actually so The tacit understanding, and the seed of life that looks like a grass mustard, is actually so tough and beautiful.
What fits the central idea of this passage is:
A.Life is extraordinary but beautiful
B.Life is beautiful because of ordinary
C.Life is ordinary and beautiful
D.Ordinary and beautiful life

c
It is common for normal children to focus on one or two things at a time, such as learning the jingle in an advertising film, or eating cereal with some kind of Mickey Mouse bowl.Generally, these temporary fanatics will eventually pass.Some normal children don't like to show enthusiasm and don't like to hold people, which does not mean that they must have autism.
According to this text, what can be inferred is:
A.Autistic children like clink or Mickey Mouse
B.Children who do not like to be hugged are prone to autism
C.Abnormal concentration and apathy are manifestations of autism
D.Advertising videos may be a cause of autism

b
Crisis management refers to how the government handles and responds to a sudden event after it erupts.Crisis management is more comprehensive and includes not only methods for dealing with crisis outbreaks, durations and recessions, but even treatments for latency periods.When the crisis has not yet occurred, the government should have an early warning capability, and then the ability to deal with the crisis.
According to this text, the correct one is:
A.Crisis management is more critical
B.Crisis management includes crisis management
C.Crisis management is at the core of crisis management
D.Crisis management can prevent crisis events

d
The ancients once said that when the hard teeth fall off, the soft tongue is still there.Softness is better than hardness, and nothing is better than good.
This text mainly wants to explain:
A.The thoughts of the ancients were deep and profound
B.Soft things are stronger than hard ones
C.Rocco is the best choice
D.Life should be appropriately "low profile"

d
For outsiders, Wulingyuan has magic and beauty that are difficult to describe, and in the eyes of local Tujia people, each stone peak with different forms can interpret a magical ancient legend.
From this text we can know:
A.People living in Wulingyuan are Tujia people
B.Wulingyuan is not very beautiful in the eyes of locals
C.Most people do nt know much about the ancient legend of Wulingyuan
D.Wulingyuan is attractive to both foreigners and locals

c
Although it is not difficult for us to find the historical origin of "blame resignation" from China's political culture, the blame resignation we currently choose is mainly the result of the influence of modern western political civilization.
The text states:
A.There has been "blame resignation" long ago in Chinese political culture
B.There is a big difference between "blame resignation" between China and the West
C.China's "blame resignation" is completely different from ancient times
D.Chinese politics is influenced by modern Western political civilization

a
Life is a great adventure full of unexpected gains.It seems difficult to grasp, but opportunities are everywhere.If you never make mistakes or no one has criticized you, then you must not have made any bold attempts.If one person Living this way, then he must not be able to realize his full potential, and of course it is difficult to really enjoy the joy of life.
This text is mainly intended to explain:
A.Be brave in life
B.The joy of life is an adventure
C.Opportunities are everywhere in life
D.One cannot ever make a mistake

c
The employment conditions proposed by some recruitment units are at least a college degree or above.Originally, some skilled workers in some types of jobs can be qualified.The recruitment units must recruit undergraduates and graduate students to decorate the facade.In the existing concept of talents, skilled workers are often excluded.Outside the category of talent, or if it is important to mention, lining up is secondary; key positions are needed, and they are not necessary when taking inventory of "merits".
What kind of phenomenon is this paragraph talking about?
A.Employers promote education
B.Not making the best use of people
C.Mechanics are not given enough attention
D.Misunderstanding of the concept of talent

b
The ancients had a tradition of "death is like life", so the necessities of life must be provided, and natural money is indispensable.
From this text we can infer:
A.The ancients must have attached great importance to money
B.The ancients would give the dead some money
C.Money may remain in ancient tombs
D.The deceased's money should be fully buried

c
Thoughts are always personal thoughts, a thinker must not control and manipulate the souls of other people, and every person is born equal and independent.Therefore, the mission of a thinker is to express the world from his own perspective Understanding and interpretation, rather than transforming the world, it is a common thing for all people.
One of the correct expressions for this text is:
A.Thinkers have limitations
B.Thinkers are individualists
C.Thinkers can only convey their thoughts
D.Thinkers have no impact on the world

a
The existence of the family ugly problem is an objective fact.It does not exist if it is not bright.The key to the problem is not whether it should be bright, but whether you really want to solve it with the family ugly.Without light, the problem not only exists, but also worsens into incurable The possibility of symptoms.When it is bright, it shows that it has the grasp and ability to solve problems, and it is a manifestation of confidence, so that people see the hope of a radical cure.
One thing to understand correctly is:
A.Covering "home ugliness" is to cover-up
B.Eliminate the problem as much as possible
C.After you have enough confidence, highlight the problem
D."Negative News" can have positive effects

b
The goal of education is not to teach students how to implement the norms that others have set for themselves, but to help them understand how norms should be formed and how they can participate in creating reasonable social norms.In other words, we should not teach them how to be obedient, but to teach them to learn how to manage yourself, how to challenge unreasonable social norms, and create new institutions.
This text is most likely to be critical:
A.Obstructing students to innovate
B.Blindly asking students to follow the rules
C.Do not provide students with opportunities for social practice
D.Not paying attention to improving students' self-management ability

c
Polish President Kaczynski has recently started to use Russia's WTO accession pressure to threaten to prevent Russia's smooth accession to the WTO until the Polish meat food import issue is resolved."If Russia persists in its uncompromising stance, then I cannot rule this out.The possibility of developments."
What does "this state of affairs" mean in the text?
A.Solving Polish meat imports
B.Russia's accession to the WTO
C.Preventing Russia's smooth entry into the WTO
D.Russia insists on continuing its uncompromising position

b
On the page "Do German Shepherds Know English", the book corrected my knowledge of Jenny Goodall, and the author criticized: "A woman who claims to be a scientist in the United States claims to be able to talk to the female orangutan Gigi.She said, Gigi tells her many interesting stories about death and heaven in Orangutan Esperanto, and she answers in dumb language.Unfortunately, other researchers who imitate her have found nothing.It can be seen that this so-called communication is actually based on fantasy.basically."
What did the author of this passage know about Jenny Goodall?
A.Jenny Goodall is not an American female scientist
B.Jenny Goodall can talk to the female orangutan Gigi
C.Jenny Goodall's imitators found nothing
D.Jenny Goodall's exchange with the female orangutan Gigi is actually based on fantasy

b
Worshiping ancestors is part of Chinese traditional culture.However, public sacrifice activities in some places have gone too far along the road of culture building and economic singing, lacking guidance and corresponding standard management.The object of sacrifice has also become diverse, from the son-in-law in mythology and legend to the Meng Jiangn girl who cried down the Great Wall in folklore.How much does it mean to promote traditional culture?
What is the main meaning of this passage?
A.Worshiping ancestors is a traditional culture, and properly guiding the public sacrifice can promote traditional culture
B.Strengthening guidance and standardized management of public sacrifice activities
C.The sacrifice activities in some places have lost the meaning of Hiroba's traditional culture
D.Sacrifice activities should be avoided

b
Corruption and superstition have an inevitable causal relationship, and corruption can breed superstition.Without ideals and beliefs, officials begin to fight for their own interests rather than for the benefit of the country, and then corruption occurs.At the same time, officials will The behavior is justified, hoping to be blessed by the gods, which is why officials believe in superstition today.
The main emphasis of this passage?
A.Officials believe in superstition is a manifestation of the lack of ideals and beliefs in the period of social transformation
B.Corruption and superstition are inevitable, and the two are causal
C.Lack of ideal beliefs and corruption are the roots of officials' advocacy for superstition
D.Officials believe that superstitious behavior has a very negative impact on society as a whole

d
The collision and fusion of language and language is part of culture and cultural interaction.Today, this kind of communication in the world is becoming more frequent and quicker.From the perspective of a language, it always has to maintain the essence of the past and Absorb external factors, otherwise there is no way to convey new reality.
In this passage, "collision and fusion of language" means?
A.Absorption of one language by another
B.Different languages interact with each other and absorb each other
C.Take the essence of foreign words and remove the dross
D.Keep the essence of the native language and absorb the reasonable elements of the foreign language

c
Aesthetic theories are diverse, and differences of opinion, at its root, often stem from differences in understanding beauty and the nature of aesthetics.
Which of the following points does the author state?
A.The factional disputes in aesthetic theory are mainly manifested in different understandings of the essence of beauty and aesthetics
B.It is not surprising that opinions on aesthetic theory are different because of fundamentally different understandings of beauty and aesthetics
C.The root cause of the dispute in aesthetic theory is the different understanding of the essence of beauty and aesthetics
D.There are different schools of aesthetic theory, and they have different understandings of beauty and aesthetic essence.

a
At present, although China has signed bilateral trade agreements with many developed countries, China's exports have still become the target of various discriminatory trade measures, and still face various discriminatory quantitative restrictions, selective safeguard measures, and established on discriminatory standards.Based on anti-dumping and countervailing measures.
What does this passage say?
A.Many developed countries still have discriminatory trade measures against Chinese exports
B.Faced with various discriminatory measures, we also have to establish anti-dumping and countervailing measures
C.China's exports aimed at establishing anti-discriminatory measures
D.We should put in place safeguards for all kinds of discriminatory trade

b
In life, some things should always be remembered, others are best to forget.It is wisdom to know what to remember and what to forget.Remember what should be remembered, and forget what should be forgotten, yours.Life will be happy and peaceful; on the contrary, if you don't forget the thoughts you should forget, and you can't remember the things you should remember, then your life will be overcast.
Through this passage, the author tells us that life is alive, should it?
A.Remember things that are always worth remembering
B.Remember what should be remembered, and forget what should be forgotten
C.Forget those clouded things as soon as possible
D.Correct distinction between what should be remembered and what should be forgotten

b
Archimedes once said: Give me a fulcrum to turn the earth.If we compare the economic activity to the earth and economic policy to leverage, then the economic theory is the fulcrum that moves the "earth".For us in charge of economic work In terms of leading comrades, they deal with policies every day, or formulate policies, or implement policies, but if they do not master the necessary economic theory, they will inevitably disrupt the war.
What does this text want to express most?
A.The important role of economic theory in economic work
B.Leaders in charge of economic work should have a certain economic theory
C.Causes of economic work errors
D.Leading cadres must learn to control economic work

d
In modern society, the extreme refinement of the professional division of labor requires ordinary people to rely on the advice of experts in every professional field.Experts rely on their in-depth professional knowledge to provide guidance to people and build their own authority and public trust.However, it is also this authority and trust that brings corresponding responsibilities-experts must maintain a fair position when speaking, seek truth from facts, and earnestly verify that there is a piece of evidence to speak a piece of words, which can not be breached with impunity.We can forgive some unavoidable loopholes and shortcomings in the expert opinion, but we cannot condone the expert's responsibility to give up responsibility, nonsense, and confused audiovisual.
What is the main emphasis of this text?
A.People are not sages, and the opinions of experts are inevitable.
B.Expert's right and wrong judgment and countermeasures play an extraordinary guiding role
C.Some experts give up responsibility, make nonsense, confuse audiovisual
D.Experts must maintain a fair position when speaking, be realistic

c
The efficiency of government decision-making and work is usually worthy of recognition, but it is no exception.Without a perfect democratic control and supervision framework, the high efficiency of the government sometimes turns into a high efficiency that damages the rights and interests of the people and damages the long-term of a place.The high efficiency of social, cultural, environmental and other benefits.For example, before full and equal consultation with the public and the full evaluation of the cultural destructive power of the demolition, the efficient demolition will inevitably seriously damage the rights of the demolished households.And destroy the cultural heritage of the city.Such high efficiency, don't bother.
What does this passage mean?
A.Efficient government decision-making and handling are not necessarily good things
B.Full and equal consultation and evaluation with the public before demolition
C.Governmental efficiency must be integrated into the framework of democratic control and supervision
D.Seriously damage the rights and interests of the relocated households and destroy the high efficiency of the cultural heritage of the city.

b
Tarcinari estimates that nanotechnology will not be applied to products such as computer processors and micromachines for at least 10 years, but it is promising in the field of new materials.People can change the atoms and molecules of plastics, petroleum, and textiles The arrangement makes them have the characteristics of breathability, heat resistance, high strength and good elasticity.Tasinari predicts that the research and design of chemical protection functional combat clothing are expected to be available within two years.
In what fields is nanotechnology promising in less than 10 years? ?
A.All areas
B.New materials such as plastics, petroleum, textiles
C.Computer, Chemical, Military
D.Micromachinery

b
What is our purpose of helping poor students? It is to give them equal access to education and not to lose their natural right to happy growth due to certain social disasters.If poor students are to be rescued while showing the scars of poverty, or given them in some weird way The label of poverty is likely to dilute the effect of the rescue.Poor students have the right to forgetting the suffering and refuse to "remember the hardships and think sweet"!
What's the point of this passage?
A.The social significance of rescue lies in healing or filling
B.Let poor students grow up happily is the purpose of assistance
C.Don't label poor students poor
D.Don't let down the effect of helping poor students

d
According to the British and Western agreement on the search for the "Sussex", such as the shipwreck found by the Odyssey Ocean Exploration Company in the Alvoran Sea, Spain, is identified as the "Sussex", and the ship and its accessories are British in accordance with international practice.property.
Which country's property belongs to the shipwreck and its accessories found in the waters of Alvoran by Odyssey Ocean Discovery?
A.United Kingdom
B.Spain
C.Both England and West
D.Not sure yet

d
Fotiga also pointed out that in early April this year, Poland had stated that it was ready to change its veto position on the start of negotiations on the new EU-Russia agreement, which deserved a response from Russia.
What is Poland's attitude towards launching negotiations on the new EU-Russia agreement?
A.Support
B.veto
C.Neither support nor object
D.Unspecified

c
The reason why a lot of spitting people do whatever they want, spit everywhere, and have no regrets, is because the previous punishment measures are far from the warning, it is more difficult to reach the heart of the spitting person, and there is no shame when spitting Heart, there is no shame after being punished.
What does the author think is the best way to punish people who spit?
A.Be properly guided
B.Reach inside
C.Unspecified
D.Specific penalties

d
The U.S.strategy is to expand NATO into Eurasia under the banner of promoting democracy and stability.
Has NATO expanded to Eurasia?
A.Did not expand to
B.has been expanded to
C.To be expanded to
D.I don't know

b
Qatar's energy minister Atiyah said that although Al Qaeda launched a new threat after the attempted attack on Saudi Arabia's largest oil facility on February 24, the supply of crude oil in the Gulf region was safe and reliable.
Will Gulf crude oil supply be affected by al Qaeda?
A.No
B.Little impact
C.Greatly affected
D.Unclear

b
A young mother sued the court because her aunt in the kindergarten taught her child to understand the English alphabet.The mother believed that when she draws a circle, the child can be said to be the moon or eggs, and once the child is taught The letter "O", the imaginary wings were cut off.As a result, the mother prevailed.
What message does this passage convey?
A.Children's imagination is admittedly ignored
B.Education needs to protect children's imagination
C.Teachers should follow the rules of students' thinking
D.Parents need to use the law to protect their children

b
The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Churchill, said: "After winning the war and making history, he must be the person who explains and records history." This is a good illustration of why he values historical writings.Although not many people in history can record History, the winning party can record history as they wish.
This text is intended to illustrate?
A.Historical records may not be true
B.Introduction to Churchill's work
C.Churchill is a statesman and historian
D.The right to speak in historical records is very important

b
Few places are easier to listen to than the moving planes, ships, and trains.There is a wonderful connection between the landscape in front of us and the ideas that may arise in our heads; grand thinking often requires expansive landscapes, New ideas come from strange places.
This text is intended to explain
A.Travel broadens people's horizons
B.Landscapes on the road often cause thought
C.The role of a traveler can lead to an increased life experience
D.People's thinking angles are easily affected by their environment

d
After the Second World War, the British Labor Party government established the welfare state based on the Beveridge Report, and many European and American countries followed suit.Among them, the four Nordic countries led by Sweden deduced the concept of the welfare state to the extreme.European welfare society One of the goals is universality.The welfare foundation of "from cradle to grave" is built on the high taxes of enterprises and individuals, which puts a lot of pressure on businesses and even stagnates the country's economic development.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.Presenting the development process of European welfare society
B.Introduction to the basic characteristics of European welfare society
C.Revealing the foundations of a European welfare society
D.Reflections on the problems of European welfare society

d
Workplace fiction has become a boom in recent years, and many workplace fiction authors are not professional writers but senior white-collar workers.Therefore, professional white-collar workers who are constructed and influenced by workplace culture are themselves the core groups that create workplace novels and often guide workplace culture.The high coincidence of demand and supply subjects determines that workplace novels, which are quasi-textbooks, will be hot for a long time.
This passage is intended to illustrate the workplace novel:
A.Creating a social context
B.Future development trends
C.Reading and creative communities
D.Reasons for long-term sales

b
In recent years, many new words and phrases have appeared in Chinese.Some people are willing to say this, and others are willing to say the same thing or phenomenon.In this regard, language workers should conduct an objective and calm analysis and see that they blindly imitate Hong Kong and Taiwanese.Or deliberate "innovation" to express individuality in order to express individuality.It is not right to leave it alone; we should standardize the mainstream of language use, but overemphasize standardization, hoping to be pure and pure.
The most accurate summary of this text is
A.New words and new words are a direct reflection of people's social life, reflecting the colors of the times
B.The use of Norwegian language should be regulated in a scientific manner
C.Standardize blindly imitating and deliberately "innovation? Threatening language"
D.Being too picky about new words and words is not conducive to language innovation and development

b
75% of China's electricity comes from coal, and only 2.5% comes from oil.Because most of the oil is drunk by cars, the cost of coal transportation is high, and at least half of the capacity of China's railways is used for coal transportation.At present, coal inventory in many thermal power plants Can't persist for a week, and if there is a problem with rail transportation, the direct consequence is to pull the brakes.
The above text is intended to emphasize?
A.The proportion of using petroleum to generate electricity should be increased to regulate risks
B.There are drawbacks to the electricity production structure that relies too much on coal
C.The smoothness of railway transportation is related to the production of many thermal power plants
D.Coal power generation increases the burden of rail transport

a
The law should respect and protect the power of supervision of the media.However, as a media, it must exercise its power of supervision in accordance with the law.In the event of a mistake or fault during the supervision process, or even incurring losses to the supervised object, it must have the courage to bear responsibility.
The gist of this text is:
A.Media must supervise and bear corresponding responsibilities according to law
B.The law must be enforced when the media exercise the right of supervision
C.Legal protection of media rights must also be monitored
D.The media should be responsible for any errors or errors

c
Ralph Darrendorff wrote in 1998 that the twentieth century was "dominated by various divisions to a considerable extent, leading to the endless hot and cold war, but the twentieth century was also the origin of integration"; globalization began to "dominate people Life, imagination and fear ", people have to" think from a global perspective in response to this increasingly global reality."
What Darrendorff emphasizes here is, the 20th century?
A.Worrying global changes
B.The fierce confrontation between nations
C.The world is getting closer
D.Ethnic conflicts are gradually eased

c
The etiquette system formed during the Western Zhou Dynasty first adopted the method of regulating people's daily behavior standards, and carried this tradition into the upper society and home life.Although the "Western Zhou Dynasty" "does not lower people," the original purpose of establishing the etiquette system is to maintain the interests of slave owners and nobles, strengthened the social hierarchy of slaves, in order to coordinate the relationship within the slave owner class, but after entering the Spring and Autumn Period, with the slave system "the etiquette and music collapsed", the rules of "knowledge down" In the situation of "popularity", this tradition and etiquette system have therefore penetrated into a wider range of social life; it has become a code of conduct and norms widely observed by society.
What does this text mainly explains about the etiquette system?
A.Throughout ancient Chinese social life
B.is good for the ruling class
C.For the benefit of slave owners and nobles
D.is a tradition of social life

d
Medical science believes that the speed of blood circulation throughout the body is inversely proportional to the speed of muscle movements.Tensions of muscles and nerves and compression of blood vessels will reduce blood flow and cause ischemia and hypoxia.When the increase is more than 60%, the local blood flow can be completely interrupted.Of all the diseases today, 60% to 80% can be traced from the current and excessive tension in life.
What is this text is intended to illustrate?
A.Modern medicine has found the root cause of most cases of disease today
B.Excessive muscle and nerve tension is the main cause of vascular disease
C.The speed of blood circulation is related to the tension of muscle and brain nerves
D.Many diseases of modern people are related to stressful living conditions

a
Our business leaders must soberly realize that, of course, the company must take into account the interests of shareholders and maximize the shareholders' interests as much as possible, but when the company obtains social resources for production, it also bears on stakeholders in all aspects of society Whether it has fully taken into account the interests of these stakeholders has gradually become a yardstick for evaluating corporate performance and corporate ethics.
What is the most accurate summary of this text?
A.Enterprises must take into account the interests of shareholders and other stakeholders
B.Shareholder interests are as important as those of other social stakeholders
C.The scale of evaluating corporate performance and corporate ethics has changed
D.Enterprises must bear various social responsibilities when obtaining benefits

a
Morality belongs to the category of social ideology.The word "morality" originates from ancient Greek and refers to customary customs at the time."Dao" refers to the general laws that must be followed by changes in the movement of things.Morality.The first word in our country to use the word "morality" together is the "Persuasion" in the Warring States Period.He said: "For this reason, learning is about politeness, but the husband is the moral extreme." It is believed that people have learned "li", and deal with the relationship between people according to the requirements of "li," and they have reached the highest moral state.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.Moral connotation
B.The origin of morality
C.The state of morality
D.The category of morality

c
UNESCO has positioned 2008 as the "Year of the Potato".The potato, commonly known as "Potato," has been called a "hidden treasure" by experts of the United Nations.The United Nations names a year for a crop and has only appeared once in history.2003-International Year of Rice.Why aren't the protagonists of this year "corn", "apple", but the potato, a small, buried little thing? Because solving global food security requires potatoes.
What is the most accurate summary of this text?
A.Potatoes and rice are important crops
B.Global food security issues need attention
C.Potatoes are mentioned at a strategic height of food security
D.The potential huge value of potatoes needs further development

a
There are two differences between the brain and the computer.One is that it is easy to forget, and the other is that it is prone to errors.This seems to be a disadvantage, but it is an advantage.Forgetting occurs automatically, which allows us to clear out unnecessary information without effort.Unexpectedly good thoughts make room.If there is no such space, good thoughts will fly into the darkness because they cannot find a habitat.It is a wonderful talent for the human brain to rely on it to make mistakes in relationships.We often have unexpected discoveries and brand new ideas where there is no connection.These two differences illustrate the same thing, that is, the power of the computer is only to the information, but the power of the human brain is to let the information lead to thought.
What is the point that best summarizes the text in this paragraph?
A.The human brain has advantages over computers
B.Computer skills can easily lead people to think that computers are better than the human brain
C.Forgetting is the virtue of the human brain
D.Error-prone is a wonderful talent of the human brain

c
There is no problem-free country on the development path of the country.If the problem is not seditious and no targeted preventive measures are taken, the contradictions will accumulate and the "energy reserve" of the problem will increase.It is getting bigger, and once it breaks out, it is catastrophic.
What does this passage mean?
A.The importance of solving social problems for national development
B.National development is a process of continuous problem discovery and resolution
C.Take effective precautions to prevent the outbreak of problems
D.Strengthening the active guidance and resolution of the psychological emotions of the masses

d
The desolation of the mall website has a lot to do with the business philosophy of the mall managers.They are too dependent on traditional business methods.They believe that as long as the personnel and goods are reasonably allocated, they have certain advantages in price, and then rely on traditional publicity.The model can promote its own brand, especially after the mall has a certain influence in the local area, managers would rather invest in sales and promotion, rather than easily get involved in the field of online shopping.Some mall websites have no names.
What does this text mean?
A.Store managers pay too much attention to immediate benefits
B.The traditional business philosophy is out of step with the times
C.Online shopping is left out
D.Some mall managers' business ideas cause the mall website to be cold

a
In my opinion, whether the government's financial resources can afford "free medical care for all" is basically a false question, except that it may make some vested interests rather sensitive.Mo said that the comprehensive strength of Shenmu ranks first in Shaanxi Province.The fiscal revenue is as high as 1.67 billion yuan a year, and the "free medical care for the whole people" requires at most one-tenth.Even if the local fiscal revenue is lower, the proportion of free medical care in fiscal expenditure is higher, it is only a pure fiscal revenue distribution problem.
Which of the following is in line with the author's point of view?
A.Supporting "free medical care for all"
B.Questioning "free medical care for all"
C.Government's financial resources are difficult to support "free medical care for all"
D.The issue of "free medical care for all" is a false one

b
Flexible working hours are based on the following logic: The company dances with the pace of the economy, and the employees relax and follow the pace of the company.Such a dance has high requirements for the company and employees.However, although the company and employees are dancing, it is not based on the same melody, not even following the same tune.The ebb and flow of the economy determine the number of orders for the enterprise, and the order of the enterprise determines the number of employees' livelihood.Now Shenzhen is trying to implement flexible working hours for employees., Companies, and markets can dance in unison.Of course, the wish is very beautiful, but the effect may be difficult to achieve.
What does this text mean?
A.The logic of flexible working hours
B.The effect of flexible working hours may be difficult to achieve
C.Flexible working hours are market-oriented
D.Flexible working hours have higher requirements on companies and employees

c
What is the important role of innate genetic factors and acquired environmental influences on human development? Twin studies have an important role in answering this question.Only environmental impact determinists predict that a pair of twin babies will be completely separated and raised while a pair of irrelevant babies are raised together.In terms of personality and other characteristics, there will never be more similarity between the first two than the latter two.Actual statistics do not support this extreme view, but they do not support another extreme view.The determinism of genetic factors only.
What is the best conclusion to draw from the above discussion?
A.In order to determine which of the two extreme views is correct, further research is needed
B.Although it cannot be said that environmental impact plays the sole decisive role in human development, it actually plays the most important role
C.Both environmental impacts and genetic factors play important roles in human development
D.Twin studies are unsatisfactory because it draws contradictory conclusions

b
Some space experts point out that space stations and probes are likely to bring back space microbes, which may have mutated and deformed in isolated space, and if they return to Earth and escape the fate of being destroyed, they will definitely pose a threat to humanity.It is reported that the Mir space station was once full of various mutant fungi.If they are mixed with the metal, glass and plastic bacteria that can be decomposed in the earth's soil, it is enough to pose a lethal threat to humans.
What is the correct understanding of this article?
A.The Earth's environment is under threat from space mutant fungi
B.Human space activities may cause space microbes to reach Earth
C.With the increase of human space activities, space trash has affected human life
D.Space variant fungi will be the deadliest threat to humans

c
The reason why supervision is often "late" is not complicated.The most important thing is that individual supervisors are indifferent to their duties and inaction.In real life, supervisors are indifferent to their duties, and they can push "unintentional actions" when things happen.The phenomenon is by no means uncommon.They believe that as long as they do nt violate the law and discipline, they do not seek merit but do nothing in the work, and no one can do it.The reason why they breed this kind of thought is because of their own ideological understanding, but also the influence of social climate and social environment has deeper root causes of institutional constraints and lack of incentive mechanisms.
What is the incorrect understanding of this text?
A.The main reason for repeated late supervision is the incumbency or inaction of individual supervisors
B.Some regulators are numb at work
C.Insufficient ideological awareness is the root cause of "inadvertent action" by regulators
D.There are many reasons for the idea of "don't ask for merits but seek no-fault".

b
Any public policy, even if it gets more satisfaction, does not rule out the possibility of opposition, but this opposition or criticism does not affect the legitimacy of public policy.There is no doubt that it is based on democracy and the rule of law.The self-confidence and disbelief of criticism are harmful, which is why in a society with a relatively sound democracy and legal system, accompanied by public criticism, the country in which the public lives have been making progress.
What does this text mean?
A.Every public policy is not satisfactory
B.Public policy should accept opposition or criticism
C.Public policy in a society with a democratic and legal system is always criticized by the public
D.Public criticism has a certain promoting effect on the progress of the country in a sense

c
The name of bus stations should be set to facilitate public travel as the first principle.At the same time, some station names also have certain cultural functions that highlight the characteristics of the city and retain the historical information of the city.In the rapid development of the city, the appearance is changing with each passing day.It is meaningful to lose the original environmental change, coupled with new or changed routes that constantly generate new stations, and changes and additions and deletions of bus station names occur from time to time.In some large shopping malls, cultural technology companies not only have a good reputation, but the public is familiar with it.As a landmark building, or even a city's "business card", it is not inappropriate to use these business names to name bus stations in a market-oriented manner.
What does the following not match the meaning of this text?
A.The cultural function of preserving the historical information of the city is one of the functions of the bus station name
B.The rapid development of the city has a certain impact on the naming of bus stops
C.Big malls can be used as bus stop names
D.Some business names can be used to name bus stops

a
The miniaturization of Chinese families has caused the inadequacy of the family's elderly care function, so social services must be provided to support elderly care.To this end, the government will actively promote home care services and encourage social groups and enterprises to provide home care services.It is also necessary to actively promote the use of network resources to establish a hotline for elderly services, help systems and rescue systems for elderly services.That is to say, it is necessary to establish a "nursing home without walls".
The text "the nursing home without walls" refers to:
A.Multi-participated social home care system
B.Public welfare pension system provided by the government
C.Home-based nursing home
D.Nursing home based on network-based open resource sharing

c
Each enterprise has its own core values, which is the value foundation of all corporate ideas, systems and technologies.While attaching importance to finance, marketing, and technology, enterprises should also pay more attention to employees.Employees are the owners of the enterprise and the foundation of the enterprise.Only by establishing a corporate culture with the core value of "emphasizing employees" can an enterprise unite employees, create personality, and provide goals, directions and motivation for its own development.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Corporate culture is the internal driving force for corporate development
B.Ways to Establish Core Values
C.Corporate culture should focus on employees
D.How can companies form and strengthen their own cohesion

c
"Pancake Man" is a "knowledge molecule" of "menmentong, menmensong".They do not focus on focusing on a certain area of interest, but strive to obtain at least some basic knowledge in each area.They Love shallow reading, relies heavily on search engines, lacks thinking and imagination.Their noodle shop is thin and large, like pancakes, but there is no thick and heavy knowledge accumulation.In the information age, they can be scarce in a short time.The power of information is particularly positive, but it is also prone to the tendency to make people unwilling to delve into a topic.
Regarding "Pancake Man", the following statements are correct:
A.Good at learning new knowledge
B.Has the ability to touch the bypass
C.Passion for hunting without understanding
D.Possess a large number of scarce information resources

a
A person who is good at thinking, thinking attentively, and has a strong desire for innovation, where is the treasure of feng shui where he generates sparks of innovation and inspiration.In a sense, no matter whether creation, innovation or creation, they always belong to those who think and think The classroom as the front line of teaching is also a place of innovation that cannot be ignored, there are many knowledge and academic issues waiting for people to study, and it should become an inexhaustible source of scientific and technological innovation.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Classrooms can also be important places for innovation
B.Teachers should focus on training innovative talents in the classroom
C.Thinking people can spark innovation
D.Classroom teaching requires both knowledge and creative thinking

a
Mankind has entered the era of the knowledge economy.Talent, knowledge, technology, education and other factors have become increasingly important in economic and social development.Higher education, as the main position for the cultivation of high-end talents and technological innovation, has become an important engine of economic and social development.The quality of higher education development has become an important factor affecting the development ability of a country and nation.The new situation urgently requires deeper reform of higher education, further enhances the function of social services, and participates in economic and social development more deeply.Come to the tide of reform and development.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Urgency and Reform Direction of Higher Education Reform in the New Situation
B.Higher education in the new period should train more high-quality talents for economic development
C.The era of knowledge economy provides broad space for further reform of higher education
D.Higher education has a greater responsibility in the era of the knowledge economy

a
Under the painters of Yuan Dynasty painters, flower and bird paintings have become a way of borrowing things and expressing their will.This development has undoubtedly enriched the connotations of flower and bird paintings.Developed to the Ming and Qing Dynasties, many flower and bird painters have even more valued the concept of homeland and morals.Traditional humanistic spirits, such as praying for happiness, are pinned on the paintings.Some painters even personalize the content of flowers and birds to express joy, sorrow and joy.Therefore, when creating, painters pay attention to the pursuit of the realm of form, so they pay particular attention to the use of pen and ink and pay attention to artistic conception.Painting is called "painting" and "writing" is indeed for a reason.
The text is intended to:
A.Comparing the painting techniques of the Yuan Dynasty and the Ming and Qing Dynasties
B.Narrate the evolution of ancient flower and bird paintings
C.Explain the difference between "painting" and "writing"
D.Emphasis on the creation of flower and bird paintings in the Ming and Qing Dynasties

a
Social management is not to strengthen control.It is flexible, cooperative, and interactive.This is exactly the fundamental difference between it and the traditional unit system management model, and it is also the essence of "big management." For a long time, the unit is the society and it covers "The unit system" and "identity system" constitute the basic characteristics of social operation in the era of planned economy in our country.The state and the government manage employees and urban residents through a strict unit system and neighborhood system.The important feature of the unit system is that Controllability, closedness, and unity are typical "small managements".Perhaps, under the conditions of the time, the "unit system" had its reasonable side, but the counterpart was the shrinking of society, so that our lives In society, we are confused about "Society".What is society? Where is society?
The following statements are consistent with this text:
A."Unit system" management mode weakens people's understanding of society
B.The core of social management is to promote the active participation of individuals
C.Modern society requires the organic combination of "small management" and "big management"
D.China's social management model in the era of planned economy is mainly "identity system"

c
The essence of science is innovation.Those discoveries that have become impossible become possible, setting milestones in the history of science, such as the synthesis of organic urea in the 19th century, breaking the ideological imprisonment that "organic matter can only be synthesized by the vitality of animals and plants." When we are confident that we can overcome nature by synthesizing substances beyond nature, we should also reflect on the adverse effects of these substances on health and the environment.After all, they change our clothing, food, and shelter.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The role of superstition technology should not be overdone
B.A comprehensive evaluation of synthesis techniques
C.A comprehensive look at the impact of technology on people and the environment
D.Technology has changed human life and human thinking

b
Folk grassroots enthusiasm for traditional culture, especially Confucian culture, has become a huge driving force for this wave of Chinese cultural fever.Its appearance and scale have completely exceeded the expectations of intellectual elites, and its power is far from comparable to that of academic intellectuals.Although there are some blind elements in it, it is undoubtedly that the "cultural field" is no longer dominated by scholars.This reflects from one aspect that the cultural value orientation of society and folk will become a factor that intellectual elites must pay attention to.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The new wave of Chinese cultural fever mainly comes from folk
B.The influence of folk cultural values cannot be ignored
C.Folk grassroots' blind passion for traditional culture
D.Intellectual elites need to seek new development based on drawing on the grassroots culture

a
The network not only finds problems, but sometimes it also plays the role of a clue provider and supervisor to solve the problem.Compared with various supervision and management mechanisms, the network's supervision ability has shown a forward trend.It seems that many problems are coming to light.It is first exposed to the Internet, and then it is studied in depth, and then resolved.In this regard, we should clearly realize that the supervision of the Internet has played a significant role in the present, but this is by no means a normal supervision in a society ruled by law.The accountability approach should also not become a mainstream monitoring method.How to give full play to the original monitoring mechanism's due role is an urgent issue before us.
The text is intended to explain:
A.A society ruled by law cannot rely primarily on the Internet for effective supervision
B.The network has more advanced regulatory capabilities than other monitoring mechanisms
C.Network supervision can work better on the basis of self-improvement
D.An important monitoring approach in today's society is network monitoring

a
In 2002, the Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to Japanese scientist Tanaka who proposed the "primitive idea for determining the mass of biological macromolecules".German chemist Michel Carras and a German chemist who invented a more effective measurement method one or two months later than him Franz Hierrenkamp had no choice but to sigh; the 2008 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded to two French scientists, Sinosci and Montani, who first discovered the "Human Immunodeficiency Virus", and the other was "Discovering Human Immunity Gallo, an American scientist who made a significant contribution to the "defective virus", was named Sun Shan ...
This text mainly states:
A.The "first" theory of heroes is the principle followed by some international scientific awards
B.The Nobel Prize-winning results have basically gone through a long period of precipitation and test
C.Inventions and creations in scientific research are a true intellectual adventure
D.International Awards focus on discoverers' unique contribution to scientific research

d
In the face of nature, there is no good or bad for everything.Darwin's theory of evolution in The Origin of Species puts humans in a very ordinary position.However, many people have always been reluctant to accept this view, but Preconceivedly distorted Darwin's theory of evolution as a theory of progress and spread it.According to evolutionary theory, it is difficult to predict the evolutionary trend of a species, because the mechanism of evolution includes two factors-the environments and the species itself.We cannot predict changes in the environment.It is also difficult for us to fully grasp how the species itself inherits and mutates.Evolution theory can only explain to a large extent, rather than accurately predicting it, so it is unreasonable to give the evolutionary trend of species based on evolution theory.Although evolution theory is difficult to describe the evolution of species Details, but still helps people have a deep understanding of life.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The fundamental difference between evolution and progress
B.Counter-evolutionary arguments lack a factual basis
C.Evolution is difficult to predict the evolutionary trend of species
D.The meaning and role of evolution should be scientifically understood

d
Experts found during the test that although students who lack vision can answer difficult questions, they cannot remember simple words.At the same time, lack of sleep may cause irreversible damage to children's learning and memory.Studies have found that when sleep is inadequate, some functional areas of the brain appear.Different levels of inhibition, which makes students often make mistakes when doing some simple learning.When faced with difficulties, because of additional activation and memory, attention to the closely related prefrontal cortex area to compensate for missing functions, students answer correctly The rate and response time were not significantly affected.Experts believe that although there is not enough evidence that lack of sleep will directly affect IQ, the existing evidence can prove that the attention and memory of students with impaired vision are indeed affected.
The root cause of the difference in answering difficult questions and simple questions for children who are deaf is:
A.Different answering strategies
B.Different parts of the brain are used
C.Insufficient sleep inhibits some functional areas of the brain
D.The prefrontal cortex area is more active than answering simple questions when answering questions

b
Confucianism holds that without virtue, one cannot obtain happiness.The happiness of life is reflected in personal good deeds.The process of people's continuous improvement of personal virtue is the process of pursuing happiness.In order to cultivate virtue, one cannot adhere to material life.Even if it is "a meal, a drink", as long as you can cultivate high morals, such ascetic behavior is happy.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.How people promote personal virtues
B.Having virtue is a prerequisite for happiness
C.How happiness manifests in good deeds
D.The interrelationship between virtue and happiness

d
Philosophy is not just a spiritual treasure for people to admire, nor is it a thinking game for people to pass time.Philosophers' values are ultimately governed by the most fundamental survival problems facing human beings.If philosophy is left to adapt to it Era, there will be no homelessness; and if an era is left without a philosophy suitable for it, there will be no soul.Therefore, the study of the history of philosophy is very important, but to find the spiritual home of the era, that is, to find the core value of the era Ideas are always an unavoidable social responsibility of philosophy.The study of philosophy that lags behind the development of the times will certainly affect the development of the entire social science and all spiritual culture, and the reasonable development of human practical behavior.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Philosophy cannot be separated from real society
B.Philosophical research needs to be at the forefront of the times
C.Philosophy cannot exist independently of adapted times
D.Philosophy aims to find the core values of the times

a
Each biological cell can be regarded as a miniature battery or a miniature magnetic pole.Some people have accurately determined the magnetic activity of the human body and believe that the source of biomagnetism may be: (1) the magnetic field generated by the movement of biological charge; (2) ) Induction fields generated by biomagnetic materials, that is, certain substances in biological tissues have certain magnetic properties, and they are induced by the geomagnetic field or external magnetic field; (3) Magnetic fields generated by ferromagnetic substances in living bodies.
What does not fit the meaning of this paragraph?
A.Since each cell is a miniature battery and also a magnetic pole, this has the biomagnetism
B.There is a charge in the living body, and the movement of the charge generates a magnetic field
C.There is a magnetic substance in the living body, which generates a magnetic field under the action of an external magnetic field
D.Strongly magnetic substances in living bodies generate magnetic fields on their own

c
Lu Xun is arguably the most complicated individual in literature ever since.His complexity has transcended the boundaries of pure literature.He represents the transformation of the times, the cold analysis of the national soul, and the bold innovation of thinking methods.What the professor said, Lu Xun used the style of "Piri Yangqiu", which he did not say verbally, but actually criticized and commented, which also inspired readers' judgment.
What's the point of this text?
A.Lu Xun's personality is the most complicated
B.Lu Xun's ideas are the boldest and innovative
C.Lu Xun's works are the most profound and complex
D.Lu Xun's best use of "Piri Yangqiu"

a
The increasing size of modern enterprises has led to fewer and fewer direct connections between managers and those being managed.Today's managers of large enterprises largely use reports to interact with their subordinates to obtain information and For management.
What does this passage support that the size of enterprises is increasing?
A.Causes tension between business managers and workers
B.Created a number of different classes in the enterprise
C.brings some better business management methods
D.Enable managers to evaluate the work of the managed person more objectively

c
During the formation of some Asian countries close to China, such as Japan and South Korea, their national cultures were affected to varying degrees by the Han culture, and at the same time, Han culture also incorporated the ethnic-cultural elements of these countries.Therefore, although in modern times The connotation of Chinese culture in civilization can no longer cover the contents of all nationalities and cultures in eastern Asian countries, it is still a typical representative of the culture in this region.
What is the point directly addressed in this passage?
A.The culture of Japan, South Korea and other countries has been deeply influenced by the Han culture
B.Han culture also absorbs the cultural elements of different nationalities in other countries
C.Han culture is a typical representative of the cultures of eastern Asia
D.Han culture remains an important part of modern civilization

d
According to the World Bank's World Development Report 1990, the proportion of middle school students in the twelve to seventeen-year-old population is 93% in high-income countries, 67% in upper-middle-income countries, 49% in lower-middle-income countries, and 26 in low-income countries.%, The lowest income country is 12%; college students account for the proportion of 20 to 24 years old, 39% in high-income countries, 20% in upper-middle-income countries, 16% in lower-middle-income countries, and 3% in low-income countries, The lowest income country is 2%.
What is the main point supported by this passage?
A.Comparing the proportion of the average age of middle and college students, high-income countries are higher than low-income countries
B.The advancement and backwardness of the economy determine the level of national quality
C.National quality determines the development of a country's economy
D.The development of a country's economy is closely related to the situation of national quality

d
In ancient times, due to the limitations of the level of political, economic and cultural development, libraries were not as many and so complicated as today, so the need for reference books is far less urgent than today.
What is the most accurate restatement of this passage?
A.Ancient political, economic, and cultural development is not as advanced as it is today
B.Ancient politics had many restrictions on books
C.The ancients did not need reference books
D.Ancient people's need for reference books is far less urgent than modern people's

d
Although 70.8% of the earth inhabited by humans is covered by the ocean, the global water storage is about 1.37 billion cubic kilometers, and freshwater accounts for only 2.53%.In all of this freshwater, 68.7% are stored in glaciers in the Antarctic and Arctic and In the permanent "snow cover", it still takes time for humans to use these freshwater resources.Due to excessive blind exploitation of water resources, wanton waste and pollution, humans can use less freshwater resources that are already scarce.
What is incorrect about the above paragraph?
A.Since freshwater resources have not been fully developed, the potential for humans to use freshwater resources is huge
B.The freshwater resources available on the earth are mainly concentrated in the Antarctic and Arctic
C.Without effective measures, humanity will face a crisis of lack of freshwater resources
D.Blind mining, wanton waste and pollution, make human freshwater less

c
Computers are the best in modern office supplies, but they were originally invented only for fast calculations.If the inventors of computers could imagine the needs of our society today, maybe they will spend more time In a fabulous fantasy.
Which of the following sentences does not match the meaning of the previous paragraph? ?
A.Computers are modern office supplies, and one of their uses is to perform fast calculations.
B.Computers were originally invented because people felt that computing by the human brain was slow
C.Computer inventor built the first computer through science fiction
D.The age of computer inventors is very different from our society today

b
The value of man does not depend on whether he has the truth, or believes that the truth is in his hands.
The most accurate restatement of this passage is the value of life
A.It's about mastering the truth
B.Embodied in the relentless pursuit of truth
C.It lies in using the truth to transform the objective world
D.It's up to you

c
One night in October of 2005, farmer Liu ate a carp caught from a pond, and soon suddenly became dizzy and swollen, with unbearable abdominal pain, spasms of hands and feet, vomiting, high fever, and died in a while.After detailed testing by the health department, it was found that Liu's death was related to eating carp.The water quality tests performed by environmentalists on the ponds found that the local farmers had been washing the pesticides in the ponds for many years, so that the fish's body was slowly saved enough.The deadly poison.
This passage explains:
A.Carps in the pond are inedible
B.Carp has strong anti-drug ability
C.Vigorous dissemination of pesticide safety knowledge to farmers
D.Liu died of poisoning by eating too much

b
Today's astronomy is not just studying the position and movement of the sun, moon, and stars in the sky, but also the changes in the stars and the evolution of the universe.
The exact restatement of this passage is:
A.Modern astronomy only studies changes in the stars
B.Modern astronomy not only studies the laws of the stars and their internal changes, but also the evolution of the universe
C.Modern astronomy only studies the position and movement of the sun, moon and stars in the sky
D.Modern astronomy is a comprehensive subject

b
When a TV entertainment program is broadcasting, it encounters an unprecedented viewing frenzy and a high degree of attention from various aspects and various mentalities.When a fresh and pure television entertainment show appeared, the audience, the media, academics, leaders, and society were caught off guard.
The point the author wants to express is:
A.The emergence of a TV show determines how much the social population pays attention to it
B.The controversy and attention caused by this TV show stems from the fact that the social population is not sufficiently prepared for sudden strangers
C.The high level of attention this entertainment show has achieved is an unprecedented success
D.Unexpected entertainment can be said to be a good program in a certain sense of success

a
I remember that he had expressed dissatisfaction to me because some writers were too clinging to grammatical rules, thinking that it was too trivial and rigid, which was too academic.
This passage mainly supports such a view:
A.He thinks that sticking to grammatical norms is too rigid
B.He is dissatisfied with a writer
C.He complained to me
D.He is stuck on grammatical norms

d
Real people, people who can create tools, have appeared in the last one million years.For a long history of the development of the earth, one million years is only a short time, but compared with the history of human beings with written records, After all, it is too far away.People always want to figure out what happened between these million years.
This passage mainly supports the argument that:
A.The earliest humans originated a million years ago
B.Humans are special creatures of biological development in nature
C.The earth is too long than human history
D.The mystery of human origin always causes people to search for human development

d
The weakening of the family and the fragility of nepotism are some of the signs of modern civilization.
The correct understanding of this sentence is:
A.Modern civilization, a family is no longer important
B.With the development of civilization, people become increasingly indifferent
C.Modern civilization makes "human feelings" gradually thin
D.The development of civilization has cast aside narrow family ideas

c
In primitive society, when social productivity was very low, and people's labor income had little surplus except to maintain their own survival and reproduction, there was no so-called concept of human rights.Later, with the development of productive forces, the emergence of private ownership produced Class opposition and class oppression.With the emergence and development of slavery, the right of slaves to exist as the oldest human rights requirement was raised for the first time.Therefore, without the development of productive forces, no human rights problems will arise.
This passage mainly supports the argument that:
A.Human rights requirements are accompanied by the emergence of classes
B.The right of slaves to live is the oldest human right
C.Development of productivity leads to human rights requirements
D.Private ownership is at the root of the emergence of human rights

b
The strange phenomenon of "Strange Slope" that occurred in the Huaxia land has become a "hot soil" for people to explore with its incredible magical power.Interestingly, the "Strange Slope" similar to "Easy uphill and difficult downhill" Countries around the world have also found many.
The information that cannot be derived through the above text is:
A.There is a "strange slope" phenomenon in China, and many people are keenly concerned
B.People still cannot explain the "strange slope" phenomenon
C."Strange slope" phenomenon is not uncommon in many countries around the world
D.Many people are enthusiastic about the strange and magical power of the "strange slope" phenomenon

d
In the face of energy science, Newtonian mechanics is facing a revolution, but the "ideal conditions" (mass points, rigid bodies) of mechanical analysis are very suitable for learning, but they are not suitable for integrating various disciplines and not for solving practical problems.
The author's attitude is:
A.Think only energetics has research value
B.Negative attitude to Newtonian mechanics
C.Energetics and mechanics should be closely combined
D.Compared to energetics, Newtonian mechanics has certain limitations

b
"Shake a friend", "Shake a shake to find a restaurant", "Shake a shake K song" and so on have become the new way of life for people in the era of smart phones.However, the places to come out during this shake There is a lot of difference from reality, ranging from tens of meters to hundreds of meters.This often causes users to "find and find" trouble in large cities with densely distributed buildings.With the development of Internet technology, cloud computing may provide a solution to this problem.Experts believe that cloud computing can provide positioning accuracy correction services, which combined with positioning navigation promotes location services, but the positioning accuracy reaches 1 meter.As the main theme of the information industry, cloud computing gives people's lives Unexpected changes brought by it, it is increasingly serving various groups, and even changing the consumption pattern of the entire society.
What does this text say?
A.A new era of confusion in the smartphone era
B.Cloud computing makes precise positioning possible
C.Information industry guides lifestyle changes
D.Location services affect social consumption patterns

a
Economist Daniel McFadden has analyzed people's decision-making process in depth.In his research, every choice that people make can be seen as a choice made among a limited number of possibilities.Everyone has a Xiaoyong Function, the purpose is to maximize the utility.For example, whether to go to work on foot, car or car is an optimization problem involving multiple features.It includes features such as actual expenditure, travel time, waiting time, comfort level, etc.People can according to Your own preferences weigh and compare different features and finally determine the best way.
What does this text mean?
A.The principle of maximum utility affects every decision people make
B.The best way to solve a problem is often a matter of personal preference
C.People's decision-making process is not only linear but also multi-dimensional
D.Different people make different decisions under different conditions

c
Understanding the basic patterns and determinants of human cooperation in human society, as well as the maintenance of social order, is an interdisciplinary challenge.For the existence of altruistic punishment and its relative lack, it is now relevant Empirical evidence of high-level cooperation and maintenance systematically ignores the inherent competition system of human society.When punishment competes with the non-penalty system, punishment-based system is the undisputed winner.
What's the most appropriate summary of this passage?
A.The existence of altruistic punishment makes the order of the whole society more orderly
B.Punitive systems can strongly promote cooperation and help maintain social order
C.The experience of human cooperation and order maintenance shows that punishment is more suitable for today's society
D.We need to develop management systems through a correct understanding of human cooperation and social order

a
Lantian jade is a popular jade species recently, but its resources are very limited.We should cherish 100 times the savings and use it.We must not covet the small profit in front of our eyes, and dig it into the ground, processing it roughly.Hetian jade has been used for thousands of years.It is extinct, and the cultural complex of Chinese people who love jade and love jade from generation to generation must be passed down from generation to generation.The mission of Lantian Jade is self-evident.
The text is intended to explain:
A.We should rationally develop and use the Lantian jade resources
B.Hotan Jade's status will be replaced by Lan Tianyu
C.There is a problem of overdevelopment in Lantian Jade
D.Lantian Jade carries the heavy task of inheriting Chinese jade culture

d
Summers are hot and hot, and water has become a must-have for summer heat.But for the driving family, drinks that have been placed in high temperatures for a long time and are in a sweltering compartment are a potential health threat.Drink bottles made of plastic are safe to use once.There is a risk of cancer if they are reused.These drink bottles can be stored at room temperature for a long time, but if exposed to sunlight, the materials will age and release toxic substances.People who drink drinks in the bottle will feel nauseous and vomit.And other chronic poisoning reactions.
This text mainly explains:
A.How to avoid spoiled drinks in the car in summer
B.Disposable beverage bottles contain carcinogens
C.Drivers must replenish their body water in a timely manner while driving in summer
D.Drinks in long-term compartments in summer are a potential health threat

a
Researchers' brain mirror experiments show that the two parts of the neural circuit in the brain of anorexia patients who are responsible for coordinating emotions and making plans and feeling the consequences are imbalanced.When facing food, these two parts of the neural circuit will take turns to control the patient's senses, making, On the one hand, the patient suffers from hunger, and on the other hand, he dares not eat because he feels that he may be fat.
This text mainly explores:
A.Physiological causes of anorexia
B.The suffering of anorexia patients
C.The link between anorexia and fear
D.Symptoms exhibited by patients with anorexia

d
One acre of real estate pepper is 5000 kg, one bean is 1 meter long, and one eggplant weighs 3 pounds...Introduced by the person in charge of the China Academy of Space Technology, since 1987, China has carried out 22 space breeding experiments.More than 60 strains have been promoted and applied in agricultural production.Traditional breeding generally takes 6 to 10 years, and aerospace breeding can be reduced to 4 to 5 years through the mutagenesis of a variety of special conditions in space.In addition, such as Hangjiao No.1 pepper , Vitamin C.content increased by 183%.
This text mainly introduces:
A.China's agricultural breeding technology has developed rapidly in recent years
B.Traditional breeding technology will be replaced by space breeding technology
C.Many years of efforts by agricultural researchers inbreeding have been effective
D.Aerospace breeding can create a large number of high-quality germplasm resources

a
Shadow is a concept proposed by the new psychoanalyst Jung, referring to the most hidden and esoteric part of the human spirit, which includes the worst aspects of human nature and the most vital aspects of human nature.Shadow includes positive The negative side and the positive side refer to great creativity, while the negative side is manifested in real life as large as war, aggression, turmoil, and corruption, as small as deception, lie, hatred, jealousy, and harm between people., Doubt, complaint, etc.
This text is mainly:
A.Explain the concept and connotation of shadow
B.Analyzing the roots of the existence of shadows
C.An introduction to the theory of shadow
D.Explain how shadow affects human nature

d
At present, education-related topics often appear as "the confrontation between the two armed forces": one side is an education expert, who said bitterly that successful education must stimulate the interest of students; the other side is parents and teachers, who agree that "exams are big, and scores are highest" Experts point out that such "utilitarianism" has made children's nature and interests ruthlessly stifled.However, under the condition of insufficient high-quality education resources, parents do not want to try to get their children to enter a prestigious school, what more wise choices can there be ?
The text is intended to explain:
A.Demand for high-quality education resources in China is in short supply
B.Educational experts' perspective divorces from real life
C.Education now kills children's nature
D.Parents' "utilitarian" choice is helpless

c
Such a ship is moored in the British National Ship Museum.It was launched in 1894, encountered icebergs 138 times in the upper part of the Atlantic Ocean, hit the reef 116 times, fired 13 times, and masted its mast 207 times.What made this ship famous is A lawyer who came here for sightseeing.At that time, he had just lost a lawsuit and the client had committed suicide not long ago.Whenever he encountered such a thing, he always felt a sense of guilt and he didn't know how to comfort these misfortunes.When he saw the ship, he suddenly had an idea, why not let them come and visit the ship? So he copied down the history of the ship and hung it in his law firm along with a picture of the ship.Whenever a client asked him to defend, no matter he won or lost, he suggested they go and see the ship.ferry.
The gist of this text is:
A.Let go of your burden to move forward
B.Farewell to the past
C.Setbacks in life are inevitable
D.Failure is the mother of success

a
According to reports, although current news about global warming, melting seawater and rising sea levels has frequently made headlines, some climate analysts have pointed out that during the winter in the Southern Hemisphere, the total mass of large ice floes in the Antarctic waters is actually constantly In fact, in late September, satellite data showed that the sea ice area around Antarctica reached the largest extent ever, with an area of 7.51 million square miles, about 19.44 million square kilometers, and also showing Slowly increasing, increasing at an average annual rate of about 1%.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Not all global climate is warming
B.Slow growth in sea ice in Antarctica
C.Growing areas of Antarctica sea ice
D.Reports on global warming are seriously misleading

b
The customary behavior pattern in the process of tea production and consumption is usually expressed in the form of tea ceremony, tea custom, and tea art.It is a traditional etiquette in our country; Sending tea thousands of miles expresses nostalgia for loved ones; in the old days, folks used tea as a ceremony, called "tea ceremony", and sent "tea ceremony" as "putting tea".In ancient times, the proverb said "a woman does not eat "Two teas", that is, the women's house no longer accepts other wedding gifts after receiving the "tea ceremony"; there is also worship of tea with tea, worship of tea, etc.As for various places, the drinking habits of various nationalities are colorful, various Tea drinking methods and tea art programs are also full of beautiful flowers.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Tea culture in ancient poetry
B.Folk Customs Related to Tea
C.There are many ways to drink tea and tea art
D.Tea drinking practices vary in different regions

a
Everyone knows that biodiversity is very important to protect the earth's ecological environment, but our eyes have been attracted by those plants that can be seen with the naked eye, completely forgetting that the largest treasure trove of biodiversity on earth belongs to microorganisms and they The effect is much larger than that of animals and plants.For example, the ocean absorbs at least general carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, and this absorption process is very complicated, with a large number of microorganisms involved, but humans know very little about them, so they also It is difficult to predict how they will respond to climate change.Fortunately, with the improvement of D.NA.sequencing technology, scientists have finally started to enter this mysterious micro-world.
This text is most likely to tell next:
Application of A.D.NA.Sequencing Technology in Microbial Observation
B.The role of microorganisms in the absorption of carbon dioxide by the ocean
C.Reconsideration of biodiversity is relevant
D.Relationship between microbial activity and climate change

d
Anti-tradition is the mainline of the Chinese revolution.After the May 4th Movement, learning the West has become the pursuit of truth from the West.There is nothing wrong with learning the West, but it is very wrong to treat the West as truth.China does not reject other civilizations and values However, Western discourse dominated by Western cultures cannot explain everything in China, so Chinese culture must become the subject.Therefore, we, especially intellectuals, must exert great efforts from the state of thinking and thinking that have been "colonized" for more than a century.Liberated.The West continues to learn, but China's subjective status must also be established.
This text mainly talks about:
A.How to promote Chinese culture
B.Methods and strategies for learning the Western culture
C.Core values of Chinese culture
D.The Necessity of Establishing the Subject Status of Chinese Culture

c
The frequent use of antibiotics in animal husbandry can proliferate microorganisms carrying antibiotic resistance genes.In some cases, antibiotic resistance genes can become highly mobile, meaning that they can migrate to those that are pathogenic to the human body.Bacteria.In this way, when humans get sick and then take antibiotics, because the bacteria are already resistant, the original magic drugs will lose their effectiveness.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The human body will develop resistance to antibiotics
B.Antibiotic resistance genes are mobile
C.Animal husbandry should control the use of antibiotics
D.Overuse of antibiotics can cause illness

c
In the 1930s, a British scholar predicted that there would be a serious shortage of copper resources around the world based on the results of his own research.The current situation is that the U.S.Geological Survey has estimated that the copper resources on the earth's surface can be at least It reaches 3 billion tons and is available for human use for 185,000 years.With the improvement of human exploration technology, this number may continue to rise in the future.
The most appropriate headline for this text is:
A.Technology can only be improved by constantly correcting mistakes
B.Earth's copper resources are far from exhausted
C.The shortage of copper resources has been resolved
D.Authoritative scholars also make big mistakes

a
Modern European cities are very different from medieval cities and contemporary industrial cities.Medieval cities emerged and gained a foothold as a check and balance force for the rights of feudal lords, and in the protected autonomous areas of the time were shelters for the activities of merchants and craftsmen It is not plundered by feudal masters.On the contrary, modern cities are dwelling places favored by the nobles of traditional rural residences (such as bourgeois landlords), and are new power centers that place surrounding villages under their influence.Another feature is that the tertiary industry occupies an overwhelming advantage in urban functions, at the cost of damaging productive activities, which was the core of medieval cities and regained this position in the later era of industrialization.
"Latter" in the text refers to:
A.Productive activities
B.Tertiary industry
C.Modern cities
D.Bourgeois landlord

b
Good strategy makers not only need strong logic analysis skills, but also strong direct feelings.They must be both excellent economists and psychologists.Research on human cognition has found that if strategic leaders can use Lenovo thinks that it is usually better to use and persuade all parties to accept the opportunity to stay away from the status quo.Strategic innovation not only depends on rational analysis, but also requires intuitive inspiration.The innovation strategy is the result of a combination of rationality and perceptualism.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Strategic innovation requires support from economics and psychology
B.Strategy makers should be both rational and emotional
C.Lenovo thinking is a necessary condition for becoming a good leader
D.New discoveries in human cognition provide more opportunities for strategic innovation

c
Fifty years ago, the world's population was only about half of what it is today.Humans had hoped to use the so-called "green revolution" to organize the imminent food crisis.The surge in the use of hybrid seeds and fertilizers has achieved some results, but humans have also paid a heavy ecological burden.Costs.Statistics show that global food production has nearly doubled compared to the era when our parents lived, but the cost is also huge: the consumption of surface water and groundwater by agricultural production has tripled.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Lack of human understanding of the nature of the food crisis
B.Hybrid seeds and fertilizers are not the essences of the "green revolution"
C.Solving problems cannot be at the expense of the ecological environment
D.The "green revolution" is not a cure for the food crisis

c
Due to the influence of knowledge, nature, experience, and the external environment, everyone's preferences for reading content vary widely.From the perspective of learning, carrying forward the spirit of nails in the areas of interest and delving into it will undoubtedly give you a more comprehensive understanding of the field.System and deep.But things that are not of interest may also be exactly what we lack.This is not only because of the limited nature of interest itself, but also the long-term immersion in specific fields, which often solidifies this interest, and Form a vicious circle of less interest and rejection, resulting in shorter short boards, and reading properly can cultivate the ability and quality to obtain social recognition and adapt to the needs of the times.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Reading should conform to its own characteristics
B.Interest is crucial to the development of reading habits
C.Breaking the limits of interest when reading
D.Reading ability is an urgent need for talents in the new era

a
Statistics show that since the founding of the People's Republic of China, 80% of more than 1,100 high-tech materials that China has developed and put into civilian use have been developed due to the development needs of aerospace technology.As we all know, aerospace technology The requirements are extremely high.As a result, every advancement of China Aerospace has persecuted the electronics industry, and the equipment manufacturing industry has been continuously upgraded and upgraded.The ultimate beneficiaries of these are ordinary people.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Space technology can ultimately benefit ordinary people
B.Aerospace can drive the tremendous development of basic industries
C.The development of aerospace technology can form huge social benefits
D.Upgrading of manufacturing industry brings continuous progress in aerospace technology

d
Subject to increasing costs and shrinking budgets, NASA has had to postpone or even cancel many research projects.Some worry that the U.S.Congress will not approve costly projects such as bringing Martian rocks back to Earth Analysis-This is the only way scientists think they can determine if the activity has ever been alive.
The most accurate summary of the meaning of this text is:
A.The current budget for aerospace research purposes is increasing
B.Congressional Resolution Affects New NASA Project
C.Research on the existence of life on Mars may be unsustainable in the future
D.Budget pressure will be the main cause of suspension of large U.S.space projects

b
When can Chinese young directors come to a "dynasty change" of film language and film achievements, not just the fifth and sixth generation on the baton of generations? However, just like the Matthew effect, the more well-known big guides are more favored by capital, and the well-known big guides often lose the young director's thirst for the opportunity and creative use.The more young directors who need resources, the more difficult it is to attract funds.The rare opportunity of once a year makes survival an obstacle in the first place.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Society should pay more attention to the works of young directors
B.Give young directors more opportunities
C.Young directors should be good at using resources
D.Well-known directors should actively make breakthroughs

d
It is said that there are more than one hundred gardens in Suzhou, but I have not visited more than ten.I have also visited some gardens in other places.If I want to talk about the general impression, I think that Suzhou gardens are models of gardens in all parts of our country.It is more or less affected by Suzhou gardens.Therefore, if anyone wants to appreciate our gardens, Suzhou gardens should not be missed.
What may be written next in this passage is:
A.The specific situation of Suzhou gardens
B.Characteristics of gardens around
C.How to appreciate Chinese gardens
D.How Suzhou Gardens Affect Local Gardens

a
In an era of underdeveloped productivity, war has become the most important way to compete for resources.Youth are the most important participants in the war, and to win the war, young people must have strong physical fitness.In order to win the war, each City-state youth organized to train.As the leader of all Greece, the Athens city-state had a population of 250,000 during its heyday.At the same time, Corinth had a population of 90,000, and some city-states had only 5,000 or less.The larger the population, the higher the proportion of youth.The more the city-state is able to occupy an advantageous position in the competition.
This passage emphasizes that, in an era of underdeveloped productivity:
A.Youth play an important role in the competition
B.Access to resources mainly depends on the way of war
C.Population size is an indicator of urban development
D.The competition mainly depends on people's physical fitness

a
In recent years, cultural chaos has become more and more serious.Among them, the garbage in the Internet culture is the worst, and the social problems caused by it are also the most serious.It has caused considerable harm to the construction of a harmonious society in China, especially for thousands of people.The poisoning of thousands of young people, if they do not take timely measures, will inevitably form a crisis of drawing salaries to the sustainable development of the Chinese nation, and it must not be taken lightly.History has already proven that cultural chaos will lead to mental chaos, and chaotic thoughts will definitely lead to chaotic behavior.
The most appropriate headline for this text is:
A.Internet culture chaos must be treated with fierce medicine
B.Today's social network culture is chaotic
C.It is imperative to clean up the network environment
D.The consequences of the chaos of cultural thoughts are disastrous

c
It is necessary to prevent the phenomenon of "big and small years" in vegetable production due to subjective factors.In 2008, the price of garlic was sluggish, and some farmers lost information on the cultivation of garlic.In 2009, garlic production was reduced.Since then, the price of garlic has risen along the way.There are plans to maintain information symmetry on species, variety structure, and time to market, and improve and improve the detection and early warning mechanisms for agricultural products, in order to guide farmers' production and stabilize market supply.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Vegetable price fluctuations are a normal phenomenon under market regulation
B.Vegetable price fluctuations will hurt farmers' confidence in continuing to grow vegetables
C.Politics and law should take measures to ensure the stability of vegetable prices
D.The government should help farmers rationally plan and manage vegetable cultivation

d
Corn is an important food crop, and it is also a high-yield and high-quality feed.It has become the main raw material for the feed industry.At present, there are more than 500 processed products made with corn as raw materials.Corn starch can be eaten directly or can be further processed into Sugars and various chemical products such as alcohol, acetic acid, acetone, butanol can also be used in textile, papermaking, pharmaceutical, winemaking, and other industries.The fat contained in the embryo accounts for more than 85% of the oil content of the grain.Corn oil becomes a high-quality edible oil and can be made into margarine.
The text mainly states:
A.Today, the comprehensive utilization of crop harvests is becoming more and more extensive.
B.The deep processing of various agricultural products is receiving more and more attention
C.The development of agricultural technology has broadened the market for corn light agricultural products
D.Corn as a food crop has gradually been developed for multiple economic uses

b
Experts believe that the family atmosphere is not harmonious, and the lack of parental care is one of the reasons that cause young people to experience mental and spiritual problems and then become online fans.The family is the key place for children to experience emotions and develop emotional intelligence.Sense, respect, intimacy and love, children are likely to escape fear and loneliness in online games and seek comfort.Fathers who are busy working and mothers who love to criticize are often "good at" creating such an emotional ecology.If one is full of adventure spirit When a boy who seeks excitement lives a monotonous and immutable life, the online game world naturally looks wonderful and infinite.
The main points of this passage are:
A.Children's emotional supply should be guaranteed as much as possible
B.Emotional absence makes children addicted to online games
C.The harmonious parent-child relationship can keep children out of online games
D.Create an emotional ecology that meets the personality of the child

c
Languages that are distributed in different places use long-term development processes and have accumulated common or unique experiences in production and life.These experiences or knowledge systems are all condensed in the language.Each language group has a different understanding of nature.It has reached different depths and formed a complementary distribution of cognitive structure, which together constitutes a broad and deep knowledge system for human beings.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Human knowledge systems are preserved and constructed verbally by different groups
B.Human groups develop and use experience and knowledge through language
C.Language promotes the differentiation of the knowledge system of various groups
D.The experience and knowledge systems of human groups vary in depth and breadth

c
Mrs Thatcher said during her lifetime that China will not become the world's superpower.Today, China's D.is a television, not an idea.She looks at China from a Western centric perspective and believes that China's knowledge system cannot participate in the world.The construction of a knowledge system.China cannot become a big country in knowledge production.Even if China's economy is rising rapidly, it can at best be a big country in material production.It is still a small country that cannot be taken seriously in terms of spiritual and cultural production, innovation and even export.Although the words are sharp, they remind us that the West does not value the blind improvement of material wealth, but also values the ability of a large country to participate in international affairs and the strength of cultural output.
What does the author mean by this text?
A.The West is skeptical that China can become a superpower
B.China's spiritual and cultural production output is still lagging behind
C.China urgently needs to improve its cultural innovation capacity
D.The rise of spiritual culture is more important than the improvement of material wealth

c
When a cold blizzard sweeps the pasture, the temperature will quickly drop below zero.The herd will usually face away from the storm and slowly move to the downwind.When finally blocked by the fence, they will have to squeeze together, eventually leading to a large number of cattle.Death.But there is a kind of Hereford cattle, but they will face the storm together side by side, bow their heads, and face the raging snowstorm.As a result, the mortality rate is the lowest, and the loss is the smallest.
Which of the following statements is the closest to the truth?
A.Unity is strength
B.The way to survive is to prevent problems before they occur
C.Meet the brave on the narrow road
D.Perseverance is victory

a
From the appearance, the structure of the container is too simple, and even makes people feel disdainful.But after the advent of the container, freight became so cheap that a certain product was produced in the Eastern Hemisphere and shipped to New York for sale.Far more than in New York suburbs It is cost-effective to produce this product.The cost savings during transportation come from the improvement of tools and technology, and this tool and technology comes from the unique structure of the container that seems to be simple but functions as an artifact.So, simple technology can bring the transformation of the world to affect the process of the entire world.
What does this text mean?
A.Small design changes the big world
B.Enterprise ball eliminates regional barriers
C.Freight costs affect commodity prices
D.Simplicity becomes the main trend of future design

b
In today's Chinese literary research, some people believe that the westernization of the enterprise market is equivalent to modernization.In fact, Chinese literary and artistic traditions are different from those of the West.They are freehand, freehand drawing, scattered perspective, longer than perception and feeling.Further compression.In fact, the excellent artists in the West will not use rationality to oppress the sensibility, they should be unified.For example, the modern development of Western painting was first influenced by Japan on the way forward, indicating that the freehand art in the East was greatly inspired With them, modernist painting began to depart from analysis and empirical analysis, and finally went further and further.This is the so-called "modernization" of western literature and art.Their direction is opposite-eastward.
What does this text mean?
A.The development direction of western art is unified
B.Perceptual and rational in literature should be unified
C.Chinese literature research should not equate westernization with modernization
D.Chinese literature and art are essentially different from western literature and art

a
In the hype of entertainment, privacy and personal dignity have been sacrificed to the viewing effect, and the moral bottom line has given way to economic benefits.What is more serious is that excessive entertainment allows people to only meet the entertainment needs, and lacks attention to social groups and ignores them.Exist, ignoring their needs.
The text is meant to illustrate the excessive entertainment of TV shows?
A.Ignoring its due social responsibility
B.Keeping people away from deep propositions
C.Make it a single entertainment tool
D.Weakened public sympathy and caring

a
The traditional Chinese concept is that traditional Chinese medicine is a vague concept.The quality of medicinal materials varies depending on the conditions under which the herbs are planted.But in fact, certain parameters of traditional Chinese medicine can be considered controllable.Taking German gingko yellow as an example, although the raw materials Ginkgo is also collected from all over China, and there are differences in the raw materials themselves, but after extraction through German technology, the product quality is eventually uniform.This also means that the post-production processing process has a certain buffering effect on the differences in the raw materials themselves.
What does this text say?
A.Chinese medicine can be controlled by technology to a certain extent due to the difference in the quality of raw materials
B.Chinese herbal medicines are not as good as foreign ones
C.There is a big difference in the quality of Chinese medicine
D.The quality of the medicinal materials after the German technical extraction is better

c
It is generally believed that meat is the most nutritious.But many studies have proved that obesity caused by too much meat is actually a kind of nutritional deficiency.Among the obese people in European and American families, cases of osteoporosis are everywhere, why eat The more meat the more calcium deficiency? Meat is acidic food.When the acidic food is excessively ingested, the body's acid-base is out of balance, so the body's self-regulating function must mobilize calcium in various parts of the body, such as bones, and blood into the digestive tract for acid-base Balance, so that the calcium in the bones will be less and less.Modern people's lifestyle, eating habits and physiological metabolism make our body more and more like an acidic direction.And the acidic body will cause many diseases.The reason is caused by improper diet.
What does this text mean?
A.Too much meat is the main cause of obesity
B.Prevention and treatment of osteoporosis should start with diet
C.Acid-base balance is an important indicator of body health
D.Timely supplementation of alkaline foods can help nutrient absorption

d
The "melting furnace" and "mosaic" pair of symbols are used to describe the cultural features of celebrities in the United States and Canada.Although novel, they are too simplistic.The intention of the "melting furnace" is reminiscent of the high-temperature melting furnace of a steel plant.Melting everything that is invested in has the meaning of vitality and opening up the future, and mosaic is reminiscent of the colorful stained glass of the medieval church.He points to the magnificent traditions of the past.These two symbols represent the United States and Canada.Different nation-building paths and growth processes.
What does this text mean?
A.There are huge differences in American and Canadian culture
B.American culture is more inclusive
C.Canadian culture has a longer history
D.Historical reasons for differences in American and Canadian culture should be sought

a
It is important to acknowledge that men and women have different qualities and skills in public life.For a long time, women have been considered to need to think and act like men in order to succeed.However, the differences between women and men are gradually seen as strength Sources, not weaknesses to be overcome.Pelosi, the first U.S.Women's House speaker in history, called on women to be themselves."The only person who can make your unique contribution is you.Your sincerity is your strength." But this does not mean that there is no obstacle to the road ahead.People have always judged women by double standards.Studies show that women's achievements are always underestimated and there is less room for them to make mistakes.
What is the most accurate summary of this text?
A.New understanding of women's power and obstacles to women's talent development
B.There are still misunderstandings in the evaluation of women's capabilities
C.Men's and women's differences in thinking and action are the advantages of women
D.Women should do their own work without having to deal with male models

b
Under the premise of doing research honestly, it is very common for analysis of specific experimental results to understand deviations or even errors, which is a normal process of scientific development.It can be said that the analysis, conclusions and discussions of many academic papers exist to varying degrees.Misunderstandings or deviations.The debate on such academic issues is often one of the important driving forces for scientific development.The more cutting-edge scientific research, the more prone to misunderstandings and wrong conclusions.
What does this text say?
A.Honest research is based on respecting the authenticity of the original experimental data
B.Errors in scientific research based on honesty are understandable
C.Experimental research cannot be concluded lightly and should be repeatedly verified
D.Inference and continuous revision of research conclusions are the driving force of scientific development

a
The large number of glass curtain walls used in public buildings is determined by the aesthetics of specific historical periods.Today, this wall form is changing towards low cost and high popularity.The original modern sense, international colors and mystery of glass curtain walls The halo is gradually fading, and the energy crisis has accelerated this process to a certain extent.For most cities in subtropical and temperate regions, the large-scale glass curtain wall gradually exposes its light pollution and high energy consumption.
What's the point of this text?
A.Explain that the abuse of glass curtain walls will bring urban pollution and energy waste
B.Explain that the beauty of architecture has obvious characteristics of the times
C.Evaluating the impact of the energy crisis on modern aesthetic awareness
D.Introduce the low energy consumption orientation of current building materials development

b
London is one of the most congested cities in the world, and on the most crowded streets, the speed is even below 12 mph.In the face of this situation, the London government began to charge congestion fees for motor vehicles.It costs ꠸ per vehicle.For the first time, the congestion in London streets has improved, but over time, the congestion has rebounded.Soon, the congestion has reached a maximum, and the speed of London driving can only be 8 mph.It turns out that before charging congestion fees, many private car owners felt that the city's congestion also had its own responsibility, and unconsciously produced a "guilt", thereby intentionally or unintentionally reducing the time spent driving.However, when they paid After the ꠸ congestion fee, I thought that I had paid the price for "mistakes", and that driving trips were straightforward and without guilt.In many cases, we always want the other person to pay for the mistakes made by others.But Sometimes, the best way is to tolerate or even "allow" his mistakes.Only in this way can he feel guilty, so that he can remember this mistake for a long time, and never make the same mistake.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.Only consider the rules
B.The best way to face traffic congestion in London is tolerance
C.Incomplete transport policy in London
D.People don't follow traffic rules

a
The term "cultural prose" is used to name a prose style that emerged in the late 1980s and a subsequent phenomenon of prose creation.In fact, it lacks academic support because this name cannot explain "culture" and "prose" The relationship between "prose" and "big prose".However, it does reveal to some extent the main characteristics of a prose style, and it obviously contains the planning behavior adapted to the reader's market.Therefore, the naming of "cultural prose" has succeeded It has seduced and guided quite a lot of prose authors, readers, and researchers.Now, when I understand and respect the naming of "cultural prose" in my writing, I can't help but point out: the success of a simple naming, giving The production and dissemination of knowledge brings convenience, but it also condones the laziness of thought.
Regarding "cultural prose", does the following statement agree with the original?
A.Changed the way people think about prose
B.Its naming is a successful marketing
C.Brings a new wave of prose creation
D.Expanded the field of expression of prose

d
It is not uncommon for contemporary Chinese people to "write and forget characters".In the Internet era, because we are used to typing on keyboards, more and more people suffer from "writing disorder".But the deeper reason is that people are embarrassed by Chinese characters.Under the impetuous mentality, people are quite hasty about the writing of Chinese characters, or even make a mistake, and mistakes are wrong.Failure to adhere to the correct writing will lead to falsehoods, which is true for Chinese characters and Chinese language and culture.It s extremely embarrassing.The efficiency of the keyboard era and the fun of writing with a pen are not a "two choices" relationship.In front of speed and efficiency, we can use the keyboard, but when we do nt need to pursue speed and efficiency too much, we Can you pick up the long-lost pen, write a letter, and write a few poems? This is not only a heritage of Chinese character culture, but also a way to gain warmth and sincere communication.
What does this text mean?
A.Analyze the crisis brought by the keyboard input to the cultural heritage of Chinese characters
B.Criticizing the lack of awe of Chinese characters in contemporary Chinese
C.Explain that failure to adhere to the correct writing of Chinese characters will allow falsehoods to take advantage
D.Advocate to inherit Chinese culture by writing Chinese characters

a
There is a well-known investment philosophy, that is, "invest in a company with a moat".The general meaning is that a company can only resist the erosion of its own profit space by other competitors only if it has sufficient competitive advantages.Investors can only invest in such Only companies that can bring excess returns.However, "moats" often have traps, and the most common trap is market share.Higher market shares are often considered by investors as the company's "moat", but the practice has proven that this does not Unreliable.Market share just shows the company's past performance and does not represent the future.If there is not enough capacity to withstand foreign invasions, companies will have to maintain market share through price wars, and the result must be a significant decline in profit margins.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.Understanding competitive advantage as one-sided
B.The market share reflects the size of the company's competitive advantage
C.Investors should consider both profitability and market share
D.Enterprise's "moat" does not guarantee investors' excess returns

d
In the process of urbanization in some areas, due to the excessive development of labor-intensive and private enterprises, urban economic construction has strongly depended on the floating population.Although the floating population has brought vitality and vitality to cities, it has increased fiscal and taxation.Income, but because their cultural level is generally low and their overall quality is not high, it has created an amazing number of small merchants and hawkers and huge "migrant workers" teams.With the continuous upgrading of industries in these regions, the demand for simple labor will inevitably increase.With less and less, the floating population will face the danger of unemployment, which will inevitably cause more serious problems, which will hinder the process of urbanization in these areas.
What is the main point supported by this passage?
A.The increase in the floating population has a negative effect on urbanization development in some areas
B.Over-development of labor-intensive and private enterprises has led to an increase in large numbers of migrants
C.The existence of a large number of low-quality migrants is not conducive to the development of urbanization
D.Unemployment of large floating populations is a potential crisis in urbanized areas

c
After ten years of success and failure, we have a correct understanding of "focusing on economic construction" and have found a way to promote reform and opening up.Everyone knows that this understanding and this road are not easy to come by.We must double our cherished, and we must not waver at any time.However, from the first day of reform and opening up, we attach great importance to the construction of spiritual civilization while attaching great importance to economic construction.If only the former and the latter are not, there is no Chinese characteristic.socialism.
What is the main point supported by this passage?
A."Economic construction as the center" is a hard-won correct understanding
B.Economic construction has gone up, and spiritual civilization must be done well
C.The simultaneous development of economic construction and spiritual civilization construction is socialism with Chinese characteristics
D.Socialism with Chinese characteristics must adhere to economic construction as the center

c
The same words, from different people's mouths, sometimes have very different effects.In college classrooms, the same sentence, some teachers will win applause, and some teachers will cause a boo.The main reason is that the former has earned himself the right to speak with his actions, while the latter has not.It is obvious that what is important is often not what someone said, but who said it.
What is the purpose of this passage?
A.Negative Celebrity Effect
B.Criticizing the blind obedience of the masses
C.Attacking hypocrisy of inconsistent words and deeds
D.Slamming the phenomenon of camping for fame and fortune

a
Literary and economic people have a very keen sense of smell, and their desire to discover good things is endless.They know the dynamics of the literary world, and their main job every day is to figure out what kind of works are selling well.To this end, they track all large newspapers With literary magazines, read tons of review articles, and personally interact with writers, editors, and other people in the publishing industry, get a variety of inside news this way.
What does this passage mainly support?
A.Literary economists are the link between publishers and writers
B.Speculative nature of work performed by literary and economic men
C.The emergence of literary economics poses a threat to publishers
D.Literary and economic people have a sensitive and fast social network

a
The adventure of Robinson Crusoe on a desert island is not only as popular as it once was, but it is also difficult to produce a similar theme in modern popular novels.The public's interest in reading has changed.Because it is difficult to convince people that there are still undiscovered, uninhabited desert islands.
This passage shows the author's point of view?
A.Readers prefer and accept credible contemporaries
B.No single form of the novel will interest all readers
C.Readers no longer want to change the lives they have now got rid of restrictions and regulations
D.The best popular books should give readers a sense of immersion

d
During the rapid industrialization process after World War II, Japan's industrial water consumption peaked in 1973 and fell by 24% by 1989, while industrial output continued to grow steadily.The United States also followed this pattern, with the United States' industrial water consumption since 1950 It has fallen by 36% year-on-year, while industrial output has increased by 3.7 times.
What does this passage mean?
A.Reduced water costs can expand output
B.Great potential for saving industrial water
C.Industry growth depends on reducing industrial water use
D.Industrial development has improved the efficiency of industrial water use

c
The area of the United Kingdom is not large, but if the dialects of English in the British mainland are subdivided, there are more than 300 kinds of statistics.The area of the United States is much larger than that of the British mainland, but in the United States, the dialects of the English dialect are much smaller than the British mainland.American English dialects can be roughly divided into three types: Eastern, Midwestern, and Southern.Eastern dialects are distributed in the northeast region with Boston as the center; Midwestern dialects extend from the central region to the western region, and southern dialects are distributed from Virginia to Southeastern Texas.
What does this passage support?
A.The dialect distribution of English in the United States is less regular than in the United Kingdom
B.Even if the country is small, the dialects can be very different under certain conditions
C.The complexity of dialect differences has nothing to do with the vastness of the country
D.British English dialects are more divided due to their small size

d
You and I are friends, and each exchanges an apple for each other.After the exchange, there is still an apple each; if you have one kind of thought, I also have one kind of thought, and friends exchange ideas, then each of us has two kinds of thoughts.
What is the main point supported by this passage?
A.It is important for people to exchange ideas
B.Friends need to exchange ideas more
C.Thought exchange between friends is more valuable
D.Exchange of ideas can improve people

b
Nowadays, biotechnology is causing a new revolution in the field of medicine and health, and people are looking forward to using biotechnology to produce effective therapeutic drugs.Some biologically active substances with specific therapeutic effects, such as enzymes, hormones, vaccines, interferons, immunoglobulins, Interleukins, growth factors, etc., traditional production processes are mainly extracted from animal organs, blood and urine.Due to limited resources and minimal content, it is difficult and expensive to use a high-purity separation process.Biological genetic engineering methods to produce these drugs can solve these problems well.
What is the most accurate understanding of "these difficulties"?
A.Limited resources and minimal content
B.A high purity separation process is difficult and expensive
C.Limited resources, minimal content, and high-purity separation processes are difficult
D.Limited resources and minimal content make them expensive

c
Some people say that learning classical Chinese texts is helpful to students' writing, not only does it not have a bad effect, and it will not be "non-literal".It is very good: it is very interesting to embellish a few classical Chinese words and apply some classical Chinese syntax.This unpleasant taste, although it is not so clear.Of course, I do not deny that studying classical Chinese is helpful to the writing of vernacular to a certain extent, and it helps to express in two aspects: chapter and language.This can also be said to be a modern writer A criticism.Why can't these be learned from modern works, but also go to the old ancestors to rescue soldiers?
What is the correct understanding of the meaning of the line drawing sentence in the paragraph below?
A.Modern writers should be criticized because they abuse classical words and have a bad influence
B.Modern works are not as good as ancient works in terms of text and language
C.Learn to write vernacular but must turn to classical Chinese to explain the shortcomings of some modern works
D.There is no taste in vernacular, although it is not explicitly stated, it is actually a criticism of them

a
The aurora is regarded as one of the most beautiful wonders in nature.If we ride a spaceship over the north and south poles of the earth and look at the earth from distant space, we will see a glittering halo around the earth's magnetic poles, this The rings are called aurora eggs.Because the side facing the sun is a bit squashed, while the side facing the sun is slightly stretched, it assumes the shape of an egg.The aurora eggs are in continuous change, when tomorrow Dark, sometimes stretching toward the equator, and sometimes shrinking toward the poles.The halo at midnight appears the widest and brightest.Long-term observation statistics show that the most frequent places of the aurora are two near the north and south magnetic latitudes of 67 degrees The aurora zone is called the South Aurora area and the Northern Lights area.Aurora activity occurs almost every day in the aurora area.In the inner area surrounded by the aurora eggs, it is usually called the aurora cover area.Instead, there are fewer opportunities than lower-latitude aurora.In the middle and low latitudes, especially near the equator, aurora rarely occurs.
What is the correct expression for the relationship between the "Aurora Egg", "Southern Aurora Area", "Northern Light Area", "Aurora Cover Area" and other concepts?
A.The "Aurora cover area" is surrounded by "Aurora eggs", and the "Aurora borealis area" is distributed south of the northern "Aurora cover area"
B.The "Aurora region" is surrounded by "Aurora eggs", and the "Southern Aurora region" is distributed north of the "Aurora cap region" in the south
C."Aurora area" surrounds "Aurora cover area", they are all surrounded by "Aurora eggs"
D."Aurora area" surrounds "Aurora eggs", "Aurora egg" surrounds "Aurora area"

c
The task of history is to make people understand the causal relationship inherent in the historical process through the retrospection of the elapsed years and the correct disclosure of historical laws, so as to gain wisdom and better connect the past and the future.
What's the central meaning of this passage?
A.History accomplishes its task by revealing the laws of history
B.History enables people to gain wisdom from the past
C.History can help people summarize the past and face the future
D.The task of history is to tell people how to reveal the laws of history

b
The researchers managed to immobilize the pollen protein on the wall of the test tube, first inject antibodies (IgG4) to bind it to the pollen protein; wash away excess IgG4, then add mite protein labeled with radioactive iodine, and finally rinse with water.The radiolabeled mite protein was found to stick to the wall of the test tube, meaning that the antibody bound two different antigens.
Does the following statement meet the above meaning?
A.Pollen protein is fixed on the wall of the test tube, which helps stabilize its binding to IgG4
B."Excess IgG4" refers to IgG4 that does not bind to pollen protein after being injected into a test tube
C.The second rinse is to remove excess mite protein and excess IgG4 antibodies
D.Radioactive iodine is added to the mite protein to accelerate its binding to the antibody IgG4

d
Whether in Wenzhou City, or in Qiaotou, Baixiang Town, you always feel an unusually strong atmosphere and vitality surrounding you.This is the unique commodity economic atmosphere and vitality in Wenzhou.In Wenzhou urban and rural, you see thousands of families Millions of households are engaged in commodity management, with workshops, workshops, professional markets, free markets, and retail stalls everywhere, large and small commodities everywhere, and a wide range of new products.Millions of Wenzhou people are not busy producing, It is just busy selling.In ancient times, there was a famous painting called Qingming Shanghe Tu, and the picture displayed by Wenzhou's commodity economy was the modern Qingming Shanghe Tu, and it was hundreds of times more prosperous than ancient paintings.
Which of the following words best summarizes the above?
A.The scene shown by Wenzhou is a modern "Qingming River Picture"
B.Commodities trading everywhere in Wenzhou
C.Wenzhou is full of commodity production
D.Wenzhou is prosperous in commodity trading and commodity production everywhere, making people feel her unique commodity economic atmosphere and vitality

c
Many excellent talents have lost good job opportunities just because of small mistakes in the recruitment interview process.Despite the variety of interview forms and the examiner's questions, there are no foolproof test methods available to candidates for reference, but the following Key points can help candidates improve their ability to take exams and increase their success rate.
It can be inferred that the following is about?
A.Various questions asked by the examiner during the application
B.Various interview forms
C.Some test points to learn from
D.Reasons why outstanding talents fail in recruitment

c
To develop the traditional culture of ethnic minorities as an industry and to push cultural resources to the market in an all-round way, make traditional ethnic minority cultures an effective part of the large-scale operation of the market.And traditional ethnic sports, traditional cultural performances, and traditional cultural landscape Will be a good place for corporate marketing.Because the economic development of ethnic minority areas depends not only on the introduction of foreign capital, the improvement of the technological content of products, the establishment of efficient incentive mechanisms, etc., but also the good image of an enterprise.The image of an enterprise Effectiveness and product marketing strategy are not only important, but culture and economy will complement each other effectively and prosper together.
This passage mainly supports such an argument, that is?
A.The traditional culture of ethnic minorities is an industry to be developed
B.Economic development in minority areas requires a good cultural atmosphere
C.Under the condition of the market economy, the traditional cultural resources of ethnic minorities can be transformed into huge economic value
D.The culture and economy of ethnic minorities complement each other effectively and prosper together

b
Energy technology is the leading technology during the first and second technological revolutions.Although energy technology has lost its leading role in the contemporary era, energy technology as the cornerstone of modern industrial technology still plays an important role, especially in today's petrochemical energy shortage Under the conditions, its development is crucial to the development of the entire human society.
This passage mainly supports such an argument, that is?
A.Energy technology still plays an important role in modern industry
B.Energy technology is essential for the development of human society
C.Energy technology has broad development prospects
D.Energy technology was once the leading technology in the technological revolution

c
The competition between children's education is fierce, and the competition between employees in many enterprises and institutions is still very underdeveloped.The situation of eating "big pot rice" is still very serious, forming a strong contrast.Think about it, the former competition is too fierce.There is a source of extremely underdeveloped competition: to win a college diploma is to secure the most insurable and most important iron rice bowl after graduation.In the shadow of the one-sided pursuit of the rate of enrollment, many primary and secondary students do not follow the four modernizations.The construction requires that you choose your own education and career ideals, so the big goal of learning is lost, and the pursuit of education and career ideals is too affordable.
What information does this passage fail to provide us?
A.Lack of competition among workers in many business units
B.There is a connection between the fierce competition between children for further studies and the underdevelopment of enterprise employees.
C.The main purpose of the author is to criticize the phenomenon of underdeveloped competition among enterprise employees.
D.The author opposes the one-sided pursuit of higher education

b
For more than a century, modern linguistic science has gone through three important periods, historical-comparative linguistics, structuralist linguistics, and transformative linguistics are representative of these three periods.
What is the most accurate restatement of this passage?
A.Modern linguistics has developed for more than a century
B.Modern linguistics has gone through three periods: historical-comparative linguistics, structuralist linguistics, and transformative linguistics
C.Historical comparative linguistics, structuralist linguistics and transformative linguistics are modern linguistics
D.Historical comparative linguistics, structuralist linguistics, and transformative linguistics have all experienced over a hundred years of development

d
Due to the fact that inheritance taxes are levied in foreign countries and China does not have inheritance taxes, the result is that Chinese citizens need to pay inheritance taxes to the country when inheriting inheritance in foreign countries, and foreign citizens do not need to pay taxes in inheriting inheritance in China.The principle of fairness also harms the country's tax sovereignty and economic interests.Especially with the deepening of China's opening up to the outside world, international exchanges and economic trade have become increasingly extensive and frequent, and the value of cross-border assets has a high value.The inheritance of factors will increase.
What is the most accurate rephrasing of this passage?
A.Chinese citizens who inherit inheritance in a foreign country need to pay inheritance tax to that country, and foreign citizens do not need to pay tax in inheriting inheritance in our country, which is contrary to the international principle of fairness
B.Legislation tax is conducive to increasing national taxes
C.With the deepening of China's opening to the outside world, the inheritance of inheritance with foreign factors will increase day by day
D.Legislation tax is conducive to safeguarding national tax sovereignty and economic interests

d
In ancient times, due to the limitations of the level of political, economic and cultural development, books were not as many and so complicated as today, so the need for reference books is far less urgent than today.
What is the most accurate restatement of this passage?
A.Politics, economy, and culture in ancient times were less developed than today
B.Ancient politics had many restrictions on books
C.The ancients did not need reference books
D.The need for ancient man-made reference books is not as urgent as modern people

b
Marek said Austin was surprised by what Premier Zhou said the Chinese government believes that any resolution on China's complaint passed by the Security Council without the participation of the Chinese people's representatives will be illegal.
Who is actually surprised?
A.Marek
B.Austin
C.Premier Zhou
D.All three expressed surprise

c
Tendering and bidding is free trade between buyers and sellers in order to close a certain commodity.In the construction industry, it refers to a way for the contracting unit (owner) to reach a construction agreement through selection and comparison for the construction of a project and the contracting unit.
What does this passage mainly support?
A.What is a tender?
B.What are the forms of bidding?
C.What is tendering in the construction industry
D.Tendering procedures

b
Since 1993, at least hundreds of countries around the world have launched anti-corruption campaigns to varying degrees.They have adopted measures to improve various legal systems, strengthen public opinion and administrative supervision, and strengthen professional ethics education for officials.Some countries have also established Specialized anti-corruption agencies.Globally, there are also global anti-corruption organizations that work together to combat corruption and corruption.
This passage directly supports the argument that?
A.Corruption is an international phenomenon
B.In recent years, countries have increased their efforts to fight corruption and corruption
C.Anti-corruption and corruption are the main topics of politics in all countries
D.Corruption has been suppressed in various countries in recent years

b
Now there is a misunderstanding that many people think that the usefulness of natural science is only to promote material civilization, but has nothing to do with human spiritual civilization.In fact, although our material life requires natural science knowledge, our spiritual life also has It also requires knowledge of natural sciences.
The central meaning of this passage is?
A.Explain the interrelationship between the construction of two civilizations
B.Correct one-sided understanding of natural science
C.Explain that natural science has an important role in the construction of spiritual civilization
D.Explain that our spiritual life requires knowledge of natural sciences

c
A healthy human body must maintain a slightly alkaline state, and it is advisable to have a pH value of about 7.3.If the blood of the human body is acidic, blood viscosity and cholesterol are relatively high, people will be easily fatigued, and the human body's resistance will also decline.It is acidic food (except dairy products and blood products), which is rich in protein, carbohydrates, fats, etc.In the holiday diet, you must eat only big fish and meat, and you must have alkaline food to eat in order to get the acidity and alkalinity of the human body.Balance.Kelp has the highest alkali content, followed by greens, lettuce, lettuce, celery, shiitake mushrooms, carrots, radishes and more.
The following statements are contextual:
A.Eating kelp can eliminate human fatigue
B.Acidic blood will cause fatigue
C.Human health is closely related to pH
D.The PH value of the human body is optimal

d
The role of the media is to promote social themes, actively promote events that are in harmony with social development, civilization, progress, and harmony, rather than blindly playing with some online "reds", and the star's lace news is needlessly hyped.For the media, stick to their profession Morality, keeping the spiritual home is the most important.
This passage reflects:
A.Media with malicious hype;
B.The media must keep their duties;
C.Hype-lapping journalism undermines social harmony;
D.It is necessary to awaken some media and clarify their responsibilities

c
Compared to genes, artificial artifacts have a more powerful intervention in human evolution.Whether from the controlled use of fire to the invention of horse stables to supercomputers, from the rough utensils to the various creations of art and literature, from Pray for primitive worship to the recognition of the "Nirvana?" Realm, from the collection and hunting of the fruit of the abdomen to the exploration of the fate of the universe ...cultural components have changed human behavior and thinking, and even changed the "natural trajectory" of human genes.
The following is in line with the meaning
A.The "natural trajectory" of human genes
B.Process of human evolution
C.Impact of human components on human evolution
D.Relationship between human genes and human components

a
The "long tail theory" believes that all non-mainstream markets will add up to a market larger than the mainstream market.These small demands will form a long "tail" on the demand curve, achieving the maximum of the niche.Quantity.On the long "tail", the "personalization" that has been squeezed and ignored by the popular will be highlighted.A typical example is an opportunity that the Internet brings to books.A book is in a bookstore and online The production and dissemination costs are not the same.The unlimited space of the network reduces costs, non-mainstream, and the total sales volume with the smallest demand can always match the total volume of the mainstream and best-selling best-sellers.
The following description is contextual
A.The essence and content of the "Long Tail Theory"
B.A large number of demand in the niche market can also match the mainstream market
C.The Internet's Opportunities for Books
D.Non-mainstream, niche with the least demand will replace the mainstream, the most demanding popular

b
People who think that just harming themselves and not harming others is not a big deal ignore the interdependent relationship between people, destroying their lives or health does not mean doing a little help for family and society; on the contrary, it means It consumes limited resources such as food, health services, education and so on, and does not make all contributions to society.
The following points cannot be directly derived from the above text:
A.Hurting yourself is actually hurting others
B.Suicide in young people causes more damage to society than in older people
C.We should cherish our lives and health
D.Suicide is not only harmful to itself, but also causes damage to society

a
At present, education in China still suffers from disorderly charges, with various fees, and the proportion of family education expenditure in the family's personal consumption is too high, and the burden on children's education is heavy.In Beijing, a child graduates from primary to high school, and various education-related expenses are conservative It is estimated to be more than 100,000 yuan.
What is the main point expressed in this passage?
A.At present, there are still arbitrary fees in China's education.
B.The main problem of youth education in China is the arbitrary charging
C.The problem in China's current education is the heavy educational burden on children of families
D.The current problem in Chinese education is that there are many names of education fees

d
In addition to global warming, it will cause glaciers to melt, ocean levels to rise, and increased disaster weather.It will also seriously interfere with the pollination timing of mountain plants.Changes throughout the biome.
This passage mainly emphasizes the impact of global warming?
A.Causes melting glaciers, rising ocean levels, and increased disaster weather
B.Pollination timing that can seriously interfere with mountain plants
C.Negative effects on plant growth and reproduction
D.will make the entire ecology out of balance

a
Researchers have children of different ages use vocabulary to form semantic correspondences.For example, after children see the words eagle, bear, and robin, they need to combine them according to the meaning of the word.The results show that the older age participants are more likely to produce different types of false memories than smaller participants.Because there are many forms of classification in their minds.For example, young children classify eagles and robins as birds, while older children Both eagles and bears will be classified as hunting predators.Compared with young children, they have a concept of predators.
Which of the following is literary?
A.Older children are more likely to have false memories than younger children
B.Older and younger children make different mistakes when recalling
C.Testimonies from children are more reliable than teenagers or adults
D.Depending on the nature of the different events and evidence and testimony, young children's memories may sometimes be more accurate

c
A real right is one of the most basic civil rights, and the real right law is an important cornerstone of building a socialist market economy.A real right law involves 1.3 billion people and involves its huge public and private property.The lengthy review process just reflects scientific legislation, democracy The spirit of the legislation.
This passage shows?
A.Property law is an important cornerstone of building a socialist market economy
B.A real right is one of the most basic civil rights
C.The iterative review process of real right legislation reflects the spirit of scientific legislation and democratic legislation
D.A property law involving the fundamental interests of 1.3 billion people

c
Goethe said, "People can't help but make mistakes if they want to pursue something." Of course, this is not to say that we should not try to prevent and reduce mistakes, or that we can be indifferent to mistakes, but that we should not be afraid to stand back and fear our mistakes This is also scaring, that is also scared, it is impossible to achieve a career.
What does this passage support?
A.People work hard to prevent and reduce mistakes
B.Don't be afraid of mistakes
C.One should not be afraid of mistakes if he wants to invent something
D.If you want to succeed in your career, you will always make mistakes.

c
In industrial enterprises, employee training is very important.From a development point of view, it will become more and more important.Science and technology are developing rapidly, and production and manufacturing methods are undergoing rapid changes.Workers are facing the problem of improving their personal qualities to adapt to this change.
What does this passage emphasize?
A.At present enterprises do not pay much attention to employee training
B.The rapid development of science and technology promotes continuous improvement and innovation of production and manufacturing technology
C.Staff training is very important and must be continued
D.With the development of science and technology, the quality of enterprise employees is constantly improving

b
In the weather, soil, waters, biologically polluted cities, industrial and mining areas, and rivers and coastal areas, most of them are the incidence areas of various environmental diseases.The "three wastes" pollution and bronchitis, emphysema, lung cancer, esophagus The incidence of cancer, bowel cancer, gastric cancer and cardiovascular disease aree closely related.
This passage mainly supports such a point, isn't it?
A.Coastal areas are mostly areas where environmental diseases occur
B.Environmental pollution seriously threatens human health
C.Bronchitis is caused by "three wastes" pollution
D.Air pollution is closely related to the incidence of esophageal cancer, bowel cancer and cardiovascular

d
At present, the raw materials used in artificial joints are nothing more than metals and plastics.Because of potassium, sodium, chlorine and other chemical substances in the human body, metal materials can corrode and rust, and plastics age.Therefore, the chemicals of metal and plastic must be highly selected.stable.
What does this passage mainly support?
A.Artificial joints must be made of metal
B.Plastic artificial joints are prone to aging
C.Potassium, sodium, chlorine and other chemical substances in the human body are active and have a corrosive effect
D.Artificial joints must be made of highly stable metals and plastics

a
The subject of a document is used to express the main purpose of the document and summarize the characteristics of the document.Therefore, its meaning must be clear and clear, and the concept used must be accurate.We must first consider whether the chosen subject is ambiguous, whether Summarize the main purpose of the document; secondly, consider whether the chosen keywords are in compliance with the "Thesaurus of the State Council Official Document Thesaurus", and the insufficient attention to the keywords must be corrected.
What is the main point of support in the above statement?
A.How to review subject terms
B.How to modify the keywords
C.How to write keywords
D.Importance of keywords

c
The state administrative organs conduct comprehensive inspections of the national civil servants' ethics, competence, diligence, and performance in accordance with their administrative authority, and pay attention to assessing their performance.Assessment is the basis of civil servant management and is the basis for training, rewards and punishments, appointments, removals, and salary increases and decreases.The incentive function is an important way to improve the efficiency of management and administration; the assessment also has a guiding function; at the same time, the assessment is conducive to the supervision of civil servants, to prevent civil servants at all levels from growing up as "officials and masters", and to separate themselves from the masses to engage in specialization, or even to use power for personal gain, or to violate law Discipline.
What does this passage mainly support?
A.The state requires a comprehensive assessment of civil servants
B.Assessment is the foundation of civil servant management
C.Assessment of civil servants is a national requirement and this is of great significance
D.The reason for implementing the assessment system for civil servants is its significance in the management of civil servants

b
As we transition from a planned economy to a socialist currency market economy, as companies gain more and more autonomy, as the smallest unit of society and organization-individual employees also require that they take care of their personal wishes and hobbies, and consider how to make the best use of them.Their special rights should be easy to understand.
The most accurate recap of this passage is:
A.Enterprises should have greater autonomy.
B.Companies should consider the personal needs of employees.
c.Employees understand the difficulties of corporate management.
D.Employees are the smallest unit of society.

a
These manufacturers say that the packaging of this product is biodegradable, and once mixed with other substances, they will naturally disappear or support biological growth.Researchers believe that real biodegradable substances can decompose under aerobic conditions Into carbon dioxide and water, they can decompose into methane and carbon dioxide under anaerobic conditions; however, every product tested by them can not degrade or meet the above standards.
This passage mainly supports such a view:
A.This manufacturer's statement is exaggerated.
B.The manufacturer's "biodegradation '" is unclear.
C."Biodegradation" can be understood differently in reality.
D.The product cannot be broken down into methane and carbon dioxide.

b
Some foreign psychologists who work in the personnel department advocate the measurement of temperament characteristics of employees and use the measurement results as a basis so that everyone can be assigned to the job position that best suits their characteristics.
The point directly supported by this passage is:
A.Temperament determination should be used to determine a person's job position.
B.Temperament determination can be carried out?
C.Job allocation should be determined by a psychologist.
D.At present, many employees work in jobs that are not suitable for their characteristics.

b
Until 1990, an oil exploration team in the Gocatn Peninsula of Mexico stumbled across a huge crater.Most of this crater was submerged on the ocean floor near the Yucatan Peninsula, with a width of about 160 to 240 kilometers.The age of the sediment covering the crater shows that this huge crater formed about 65 million years ago, which coincides with the era of dinosaur extinction.The discovery of this evidence led scientists to basically reach a consensus: the dinosaur's Extinction was caused by the impact of this meteorite on the earth.
This passage indicates such a point:
A.No one would think that the extinction of dinosaurs was caused by a meteorite impact on the earth before 1990.
B.The discovery of the crater makes scientists more consistent in understanding the causes of dinosaur extinction.
C.The area near the Yucatan Peninsula 65 million years ago was densely populated with dinosaurs.
D.The crash of a meteorite is a natural phenomenon.

c
People rely on forests for fuel, building materials, herbs, and food, but few realize the importance of gorillas to the forest.They sow seeds and "prune" trees to keep the forest alive.For forests in Africa and Southeast Asia That said, apes and elephants are gardeners.
The point supported by this passage is:
A.Forests provide vast resources for humanity.
B.Humans should care for apes and elephants.
C.Gorilla plays an important role in the forest.
D.Gorilla has human wisdom.

d
It is necessary to strategically adjust the layout of the national economy, adjust and improve the economic ownership structure of our country; accelerate the pace of reform of state-owned enterprises, and explore the establishment of an enterprise leadership system and organizational management system that conforms to the laws of the market economy and suits China's national conditions.The reform of state-owned enterprises has entered into a new stage of institutional innovation focusing on structural adjustment of the ownership and reform of the property rights system.
This passage directly supports such a view;
A.Management system reform is the key to the reform of state-owned enterprises.
B.State-owned enterprise reform is a long-term task.
C.The reform of the property rights system can guarantee the success of SOE reform.
D.The new SOE reform is qualitatively different from the original reform.

d
Japanese scientists have discovered that a special protein HP exists in the blood of hibernating animals such as American squirrels.HP can only be found in hibernating animals and appears in synchronization with hibernation.This shows that HP has only an important role in hibernation.Well, Is it possible to find a phenomenon similar to hibernation in humans, and can humans also hibernate? The answer is yes.People also have a decrease in body temperature and a slow heartbeat during sleep, which is similar in nature to hibernation.The hibernation of bears with large physical items provides the possibility for human hibernation.If HP is the clue It may be possible to re-understand the hibernation of bears.Once the genes that control the hibernation of bears are deciphered, human hibernation is not impossible.
The point that this passage cannot support is:
A.Scientists speculate that hibernation is ultimately controlled by genetic genes in hibernating animals.
B.HP is a special protein newly discovered in the blood of hibernating animals.
C.HP cannot be found in non-hibernating animals, and its appearance cycle is the same as that of hibernating animals.
D.Prior to the discovery of HP, the genetic genes that controlled hibernation in animals had not been discovered.

c
In terms of introduction, compared with the other two models previously produced, Honda has introduced more than ten improvements and significant improvements in performance.Such news is undoubtedly good for new car owners.But for the owners of earlier models, it must not be a taste.After all, the car is not WIN98, it is unstable, and it can be raised by 2000.
The point supported by this passage is:
A.People's car performance is always improving.
B.Buy a car with a sense of foresight.
C.Changing cars is not an easy task.
D.Honda cars are improving fast.

a
Angina pectoris is the most common symptom of coronary heart disease, and the clinical treatment strategies for angina pectoris are based on preventing the occurrence and development of angina pectoris.However, the severity of myocardial infarction is also lower in patients with recurrent angina pectoris.The branch circulation is richer, which shows that angina pectoris or myocardial ischemia can promote the formation of collateral circulation, which has a protective effect on patients with coronary heart disease.Exercise can induce myocardial ischemia, so many patients with coronary heart disease are afraid to exercise or doctors have warned patients Exercise, but exercise may increase the ability of myocardial self-protection by inducing reversible myocardial ischemia, promoting the formation of measurement branch circulation.
One of the main arguments supported by this passage is:
A.Exercise is not necessarily harmful to patients with coronary heart disease.
B.As a patient with coronary heart disease, avoid exercise.
C.Exercise increases the likelihood of myocardial infarction.
D.Preventing angina pectoris is a good way to treat coronary heart disease.

a
Although the main parts of some fire-resistant buildings are made of refractory materials, they can be completely destroyed by flammable materials in the halls and other passages.These buildings may even be damaged by the collapse of metal beams and columns To severe structural damage.
This passage mainly supports the argument that certain fire-resistant buildings:
A.May be severely damaged by fire
B.Corridor and foyer with special structure
C .: Protection of various facilities is not as good as ordinary buildings
D.The loss caused by the fire is less than the loss caused by the collapse of the metal support

b
People who believe that "just hurting themselves and not hurting others is not a big deal" ignore the interdependent relationship between people.Destroying their own lives or health does not mean doing a little help for family and society; instead, it means Consumption of limited resources such as food, health services, education in society without making a full contribution to society.
The following points cannot be directly derived from the above text:
A.Hurting yourself is actually hurting others
B.Suicide in young people causes more damage to society than in older people
C.We should cherish our lives and health
D.Suicide is not only harmful to itself, but also causes damage to society

b
Compaq president Fever believes that the vertical structure of the computer industry, which was once very popular in the past, can no longer adapt to the new situation, and a new industrial structure with horizontal-level specialization features has emerged.Now, many are competitive Computer companies focus on developing and optimizing their core components.They no longer insist that all components are produced by themselves, and companies that are compatible with those products with complementary advantages form an alliance and take the road of joint development.
This passage mainly supports the view that:
A.Compaq will focus on computers with horizontal architecture
B.It is increasingly difficult to adapt to the increasingly fierce market competition by emphasizing "pure breed"
C."Everything's not asking for others" vertical structure computer production model was very popular
D.Need to strengthen cooperation between enterprises in the development of their own core components

a
Generally speaking, the more scientific and technological achievements that can directly generate economic benefits, the more incentives should be provided by the beneficiary economic organizations; the more scientific and technological achievements that can produce huge social benefits and long-term, public welfare, the more incentives should be provided by the government.One principle is in line with the actual situation of many countries in the world.
This passage mainly supports the view that:
A.Incentives should be borne by appropriate entities
B.Incentives should choose the right object
C.The government should provide more incentives for scientific and technological achievements
D.Many countries in the world attach great importance to the encouragement and support for scientific research

c
Building customer loyalty is not an isolated job.It is an indispensable part of the entire business activity.Building customer loyalty will have a profound impact on the achievement of the company's long-term goals.It will also affect many of the businesses you and your team are engaged in.activity.
This passage explains:
A.Establishing customer loyalty is the long-term goal of the company
B.Nothing is more important to a business than building customer loyalty
C.Building customer loyalty is linked to many other business activities of the business
D.As part of the overall business activity, building customer loyalty is the key to business success

a
The opening of new railway lines often requires a compromise between the requirement that the road construction cost as little as possible and the requirement that the commercial and trade transportation volume of the new route is as large as possible.
This passage supports the idea that the lines of the new railway:
A.Determines the location of emerging trade centers
B.It depends on whether the distance between the start point and the endpoint is the shortest
C.It should be the lowest cost line
D.Will not always build the lowest cost line

b
To reverse the bias of focusing on fixed asset accumulation and light liquidity accumulation, it is necessary to maintain a reasonable ratio of fixed asset investment to liquidity investment.According to experience, it is more appropriate for liquid capital investment to account for 30% of total investment.According to relevant documents, in When arranging a new enterprise or expanding an old enterprise, a certain amount of working capital investment should be arranged to avoid the inability to form production capacity due to lack of working capital after the project is completed.
The main point of this passage is:
A.To control the expansion of fixed asset investment and increase investment in working capital
B.Must maintain a reasonable ratio of fixed asset investment and liquidity investment
C.Arrange a certain amount of working capital investment in the future
D.To increase investment in liquidity, we must first reverse the bias of ignoring the accumulation of liquidity

d
Needless to say, incorporating economic development into the plan is conducive to maintaining socialist public ownership, helping to prevent economic development from losing balance, and helping to avoid periodic economic crises and the resulting waste.However, a perfect economic operating system depends on perfection For a country with a population of 1.3 billion, such as China, these perfect people who formulate and execute economic plans must have absolutely superhuman wisdom and absolute lofty morals, just like the gods and people who admire saint.
This activity illustrates the author's point of view:
A.The planned economy will be more effective than the market economy if intelligent people formulate and execute economic plans
B.The market economy will inevitably lead to a capitalist economic crisis
C.Compared with the market economy, the planned economy has many advantages
D.Disapproval of bringing the economy into full planning

a
Biological perfection is shuddering, because it is equivalent to the same kind of organisms have no mutation, the evolution process loses momentum.We accept biological diversity, but we assume that perfection is the desired and accessible goal of physical and engineering science.Originating from our thorough understanding of many simple problems, and "simple" often means ignoring defects.
This passage mainly supports the view that:
A.Perfection cannot be achieved scientifically
B.Biological science is more profound than physical and engineering science
C.Defects are absolutely necessary for the entire technological civilization of mankind
D.Perfection is desirable and accessible in physical and engineering sciences

c
According to price theory, the cost is the basic component of the product value.It determines the lowest limit of the product price.If the price is lower than the cost, the company will be unprofitable.The upper limit of the price; while the market competition conditions regulate the price between the upper limit and the lower limit, and finally determine the market price of the product.
The main meaning of this passage is:
A.Product prices can vary between upper and lower limits
B.How much the product price should be determined by the market competition
C.Product prices are affected by factors such as cost, market demand, and market competition
D.Regardless of market demand and market competition, corporate product pricing must be higher than the cost

c
Even if we do not consider a series of problems brought about by the bankruptcy of workers in terms of employment, social stability, etc., under today's economic conditions in China, it is not necessarily desirable to make legally bankrupt companies all bankrupt.Incomplete competition mechanism and inaccurate market signals, the process of corporate bankruptcy is not necessarily the process of benign allocation of resources and adjustment and optimization of industrial structure.
This passage mainly supports the view that:
A.Problems in workers' employment, social stability, etc.are not caused only by corporate bankruptcy
B.Letting long-term loss and hopeless corporate bankruptcy benefit the benign allocation of resources
C.The corporate bankruptcy system needs to be improved
D.The actual bankruptcy of a business does not equal legal bankruptcy

a
There are more than 250 science and technology museums in China.This is not a lot for our 1.3 billion people-days country, but only a few can now often hold exhibitions.In addition to the China Science and Technology Museum, Tianjin Science and Technology Museum Outside the exhibition, very few of them have performed their original functions.Authoritative statistics from the China Association for Science and Technology show that about 60% of the museums across the country have to use some venues for long-term exhibitions and even turned them into bars and dance halls, which made them not Many mass cultural activities facilities are even scarcer.
The main points of this passage are:
A.Failure to perform its original function is a serious problem facing science and technology museums
B.The number of science and technology museums in China is very disproportionate to the large population
C.Science and technology museums that can hold regular exhibitions and perform their original functions account for only 40%
D.The main reason for the lack of cultural event facilities is that some science and technology museums use some venues for long-term exhibitions.

a
Not good at talking with people often leads to disputes or misunderstandings.Each person has different requirements for dealing with others, and each person's ability to express himself and understand the meaning of others varies from person to person.
One view directly supported by this passage is:
A.The poor conversation is a cause of dispute or misunderstanding
B.Although everyone is willing to talk to others, it is difficult to understand each other
C.Because the two parties have different purposes and requirements, it is difficult to understand the true meaning of the other party.
D.It is easier to express yourself, and it is more difficult to understand the meaning of others

b
"In the Copenhagen naval battle between Denmark and Denmark in 1801, British naval hero Colonel Nelson was in a dangerous situation and received a signal of retreat.Captain Frey asked him what to do, and he raised his telescope to a blind eye Said: 'I didn't see that signal.' So he continued to command the battle bravely, but in the end, victory was achieved and Denmark was forced to cease the truce.
The theme of this passage is:
A.Emphasizes the importance of discipline in the army.Although Nelson has won, he does not follow orders and it is wrong to take the initiative
B.Affirmed the situation of Nelson, and decided whether to execute the order according to his actual situation.
C.Explain that Nelson's victory in the Copenhagen navy was a miracle, because his superiors had signaled retreat at that time
D.Tell us how Colonel Nelson found a reason not to execute superior orders during the Naval Battle in Copenhagen

c
Our labor today can be divided into two parts, one is the labor paid to obtain the means of living necessary for today's survival; the other is the labor paid in advance for future development.When the proportion of the two parts is greater than the latter, It shows that our labor is still at a lower level; when the latter is much larger than the former, it means that our labor level has been greatly improved.Therefore, only through social development, progress, and improvement of people's efficiency and level can we truly achieve The complete liberation of humanity itself.
The correct understanding of the previous paragraph is:
A.The purpose of our labor today is mainly to obtain the means of living necessary for survival
B.In modern society, any person's labor can be divided into two levels
C.The improvement of labor level is an important sign of the development of human society
D.If we choose more labor that is paid in advance for future development, then our society will achieve faster development.

b
Foreign language or second language teaching is coming out of the limitation of "Language for Language Teaching", and introducing social and cultural factors that are integral to people's language communicative competence into language teaching.This is bound to affect the language as an important part of language teaching The test puts forward corresponding requirements: the language test should include a test of relevant cultural content.It may be said that this is a "cultural test" in a language test.
The most accurate recap of this text is:
A.Language tests should include tests of relevant cultural content, that is, "cultural tests" in language tests
B.The introduction of sociocultural factors in teaching requires that language tests should include tests of relevant cultural content
C.Foreign language or second language teaching is moving out of the limitation of "language for language teaching", which requires the introduction of social and cultural factors into language teaching
D.The guidance of socio-cultural factors requires foreign language or second language teaching to go beyond the limitation of "language for language teaching"."

c
After the tsunami in the Indian Ocean, the entire world has shown great concern and sympathy for the affected countries, and many countries and international organizations have helped them by providing rescue funds, supplies, etc.For a patient, blood transfusion is needed, but oxygen transfusion is needed, but The patient's healthy life ultimately depends on his own vitality and his own function.
This passage mainly supports the view that:
A.An important reason why the affected countries did not receive immediate assistance after the tsunami is that many countries and international organizations did not provide adequate relief to them.
B.So long as the countries and international organizations of the world can continue their assistance, the socio-economic situation of the affected countries will be restored.
C.After receiving various aids, the socio-economic recovery and development of the affected countries ultimately depend on their own efforts
D.The rescue of critical patients requires blood transfusion and oxygen transfusion, but the recovery of patients' health depends mainly on their own immune capabilities.

c
The increasing scale of modern enterprises has resulted in fewer and fewer direct connections between managers and managed persons.Today, managers of large enterprises largely use reports to deal with their subordinates to obtain information and manage them.
This passage supports the idea that the size of the business is increasing:
A.Brings some better business management methods
B.Some different classes are formed in the enterprise
C.Alienation and tension in relations between business managers and workers
D.Enable managers to evaluate the work of the managed person more objectively

d
Under the conditions of mass production, in order to meet the needs of society for various use-values, it is necessary to pay various types of labor, and it is necessary to allocate the total social labor according to the corresponding proportion of various use-value needs.
This passage mainly supports the view that:
A.In social production, the demand for various use-values is different
B.The distribution of total social labor should be adjusted through the law of market value
C.The use-value of labor is realized in the distribution of total social labor
D.Proportionate distribution of total social labor is not shifted by human will

d
China is currently implementing a "soybean action plan" to provide urban and rural residents, especially elementary and middle school students, with high-quality soybean processed products to address the lack of high-quality protein intake.In-plant food production, only soybeans can be directly produced in large quantities.Experts say that at present, the proportion of high-quality protein foods in China's food consumption is relatively small, especially inadequate quality protein intake of rural residents.
The most accurate recap of this passage is:
A.The "Soybean Action Plan" is targeted at urban and rural residents, especially primary and secondary school students.
B.Soy is the only high-quality protein food that can be directly produced in large quantities in plant food production
C.At present, the problem of insufficient protein intake in urban and rural residents, especially rural residents in China
D.China implements "Soybean Action Plan" to solve the problem of insufficient high-quality protein intake of urban and rural residents

a
The development of human culture, after the late Paleolithic period, has entered the Neolithic and metal ages ...It has been no more than 10,000 years from the Neolithic age to the present, and it has been thousands of years since the metal age.For more than a hundred years, the use of atomic energy is only a matter of recent decades, and the development stage before the Neolithic period was hundreds of thousands to millions of years.
The most accurate understanding of the above paragraph is:
A.The development of human culture is not a constant-speed movement, but is similar to an accelerated movement.The later, the speed of advancement will increase exponentially.
B.The development of human culture is slow.This is an objective existence and is not transferred by human will.
C.The metal age is a key period in the history of human culture.Since then, electricity and atomic energy have been widely used, which has rapidly promoted the development of human society.
D.The different stages of human culture development vary in length of time, some take hundreds of thousands of years, and some take only a few decades

d
Although the government has stepped up efforts to rectify and standardize routine economic procedures, and the order has improved, there are still serious problems in certain areas and areas, such as tax evasion, tax fraud, commercial fraud, debt evasion, and financial distortion.Violations of the law of financial brokerage and other behaviors occur from time to time, and counterfeit and shoddy goods, cultural market chaos, and poor engineering quality have also caused strong reactions from the public ...
After this passage, which conclusion is the author most likely to draw?
A.Government departments need to further change their functions, separate government affairs from government affairs
B.Under the socialist market economy system, the government's economic regulation function must be strengthened
C.The government must increase direct intervention in the economy
D.The government needs to establish and improve market supervision mechanisms and strengthen market supervision

c
There are many variables that determine the level of health, including social, cultural, economic and other factors.One problem that may hinder the improvement of health is the accumulated socioeconomic inequality.In the past 25 years, a series of transnational empirical studies have put socioeconomic inequality It is linked to morbidity, mortality, life expectancy, and the level of medical services.Studies have found that, the same as other conditions, the more unfair a country is, the worse its health is.
From this passage, we can conclude that:
A.When using and enjoying social, cultural, and economic resources, A.nationals get a lot of fairness, then the health level of A.nationals must be very high
B.In the last ten years, the national income of B.has increased, nutrition has improved, and the resources invested by the state in health care have also increased.Compared to ten years ago, the health level of B.'s nationals must have greatly improved.
C.Social, cultural, and economic inequality in a country is likely to translate into inequality in medical services, which affects the health of the people
D.National morbidity, mortality, and life expectancy are determined by the socioeconomic equality of the country and the degree of equality

b
Due to iron deficiency, 40% to 60% of babies face the threat of brain retardation, and about 100,000 babies face the threat of death during the perinatal period every year.According to the experience of developed countries, to adapt to the Chinese diet, experts have proposed The status quo of iron-fortified soy sauce.As long as "iron soy sauce" is consumed, the current situation of iron deficiency can be basically improved.The government accepted the opinions of experts, launched a national nutrition improvement project of iron-fortified soy sauce, and took measures to ensure the "iron soy sauce" The price is comparable to ordinary soy sauce.Unfortunately, no public welfare nutrition improvement plan is known, and "iron soy sauce" has so far slept on the shelves.
The main point of this passage is:
A.The health status of newborn babies in China is not optimistic due to iron deficiency
B.The national nutrition improvement project of iron-fortified soy sauce cannot be quickly and effectively delivered to the public and accepted by the public
C.The government lacks sufficient regular investigations before launching the "Iron Soy Sauce" project, and its approach is questionable
D.Consuming iron-fortified soy sauce does not solve the problem of iron deficiency in infants

c
This is a typical gully region of the Loess Plateau, where soil erosion is very serious; the land is barren, and it has been dry for ten years.Despite the good policies of the state, some people have taken the road to become rich, but many farmers are still struggling on the poverty line.
This passage mainly states:
A.The backward economy and lack of culture on the Loess Plateau contrast with the colorful world outside
B.Instead of waiting for national policy assistance, the local government should adapt to local conditions and develop regional characteristics to escape poverty.
C.The poor natural environment is a major obstacle to the prosperity of local people
D.Solving the problem of food and clothing for the people in some Northwest poverty-stricken areas is a top priority for coordinated development

d
To increase the proportion and level of the service industry, it is necessary to formulate and improve policies and measures to promote the development of the service industry, vigorously develop modern services such as finance, insurance, logistics, information and legal services.Actively develop cultural, tourism, community service and other demand potential Industry, using modern business methods and information technology to transform traditional service industries
The main point of this passage is:
A.Correct and proactive policies should be formulated to guide the service industry's priority development
B.We need to vigorously develop a modern service industry with great potential to drive the development of the rest of the surrounding service industries
C.Increasing the proportion of the service industry in the entire national economy reflects the purpose of structural adjustment at this stage
D.To be scientifically policy-oriented, focus on, and promote the development of China's service industry in a layered manner

c
The reasoning is usually divided into deductive reasoning and inductive reasoning.Deductive reasoning is based on some general principles and individual examples to reach new conclusions about the individual example.Inductive reasoning is based on a certain number of individual facts, abstract, generalize Some general principles.But a more precise statement is: deductive reasoning is inevitable reasoning, that is, the premise is true to ensure the conclusion is true; inductive reasoning is probabilistic reasoning, the premise only provides certain support related to the conclusion, the premise true conclusion may not true.
The truest meaning of this passage is:
A.The reasoning is the science of studying individual and general relationships
B.Deductive reasoning is necessary reasoning and the only reasoning method that can be used to guide practice
C.This text summarizes the difference between deductive and inductive reasoning
D.The reasoning is actually the main tool for humans to understand nature

d
Works protected by the Copyright Law must have certain material expressions that can be used and copied by third parties.Such material expressions are diverse, such as various written works, musical works, and scientific and technological works.This is because works are subject to One of the reasons for legal protection is to make it available and used.Better works exist in the author's mind, and there is no way for third parties to know how to use it.
The point directly supported by this passage is:
A.The fundamental reason why copyright is protected by law is that it has a certain material form
B.The protection of the Copyright Law must first be the result of original intellectual labor, such as the author's idea
C.Periodicals, sheet music, and design drawings can all become the object of copyright protection
D.One of the necessary conditions for the work to be protected by law is that it must have a certain material expression form

b
The U.S.federal income tax is a progressive tax.The higher the income, the higher the tax rate.Some U.S.states are still within their own jurisdictions and add a sales tax of about 7% to the price of most of the goods sold.If the sales tax is also a form of income tax, then this tax is contrary to the principle of progressiveness; the lower the income, the higher the tax rate.
This passage is meant to explain:
A.In fact, the money people spend on shopping is basically the same
B.The sales tax calculation method is contrary to the government's intention to prevent the widening gap between the rich and the poor
C.Differences between federal income tax and sales tax calculations plague Americans' lives
D.Analysis by calculation method, sales tax cannot be regarded as a type of federal income tax

b
Opening the Evening News in many cities, many airlines are advertising: "Airplanes are far safer than cars! You should not be frightened by the exaggerated reports of air crashes.According to the statistics of the Aviation Industry Association, every 1.1 billion planes fly One person died per meter, and one person died for every 50 million kilometers the car traveled."The Automobile Industry Association was annoyed by the ad, and they announced another number on television:" One person dies every 2 million flight hours, and the car One person dies every 20 million driving hours."
This passage tells us:
A.Through the comparison of distance and time, we can find that cars are actually much safer than airplanes.
B.In the face of media propaganda, we cannot unilaterally believe certain information.Understanding the truth requires comprehensive analysis.
C.The media only cares about whether it can increase the ratings and circulation, and does not respect the facts
D.Conflicts between the old and new transportation giants are intensifying to grab customers

c
The privatization of the public sector has greatly reduced the size and scope of government, and has also changed the government's image in the country's economic activities.In Mrs Thatcher's own words, the Conservative cabinet refused centralized management, bureaucracy and intervening style The image of the government, the government does not have to tell people what to do and how to do it, the benefits of government intervention have long disappeared, and the government must firmly believe in freedom and a free market, consciously limit its scope of activities, and believe in the creativity of enterprises.
Which of the following statements directly supports this statement?
A.The emergence of a perfectly competitive market has allowed the UK's economic growth to reach an optimal state within a certain period
B.Reform of government agencies and functional changes are key to the economic development of each country
C.Public sector privatization changes government strategy and improves government image
D.The transition from "strong government, weak market" to "weak government, weak market" has injected new vitality into the rapid development of British liberal capitalism

d
The only asset of an intermediary is credibility.If the intermediary structure does not speak of credibility, it will not be able to provide real information.In order for the intermediary structure to speak of credibility, the intermediary cannot become a legal monopoly organization, and it should not be a subsidiary of the government.The more authoritative third-party certification bodies, such as Jiadi and Fitch, are private in nature and do not belong to the government, because the third-party certification bodies are far stronger than the government in the authenticity and effectiveness of information disclosure.
This text tells us:
A.Credit issues in information technology have become increasingly prominent and have become an important topic of concern at present.
B.The authenticity and validity of information represent a new value orientation in the field of information
C.Intermediaries must grasp the "credibility" magic weapon if they want to win a place in the competition
D.To ensure the accuracy of the information provided, intermediaries should stay away from monopolies and government intervention

d
As China moves towards a market economy, we find that the number of policies that need to be changed and adjusted is huge.It can be said that the transformation of the economic system has led to the comprehensive transformation of production policies, distribution policies, and consumption policies.The impact has even exceeded In terms of economic policy, the impact of the market economy system on public policy has become an important subject of discussion in academia.
The paragraph that best recapitulates the above text is:
A.The economic system is the lifeblood of the country.
B.Theoretical discussions in academia are at the forefront of reforms and continue to open up new horizons for economic construction
C.With the improvement of the market economy system, China's public policy has matured during the continuous changes and rest, but the task is still arduous
D.The market economy has had a huge impact on China's public policy system, and at the same time has caused widespread social thinking

c
The sinicization and Confucianization of Ricci and others are to find the entry point that restricts the promotion of Christian doctrine with the help of traditional Chinese languages, words, and thoughts.In the process, they also have elements that are convinced by deep middle schools.The news can be revealed in Ricci's Chinese writings and his repertoire with scholars.
Through the above text, the author mainly wants to explain:
A.Sinicization and Confucianization are the entry points for Western missionaries to promote Christian teaching
B.Ricci and others learn traditional Chinese culture because they admire it deeply
C.Ricci and others have both leveraged and been influenced by traditional Chinese culture
D.The language, writing, and thought of Chinese traditional culture are vast and profound, and missionaries will inevitably be sinicized

d
It is understood that, in response to the phenomenon of high drug prices, the National Development and Reform Commission hopes to pass the Drug Administration statistics.Since the government resumed the control of some drug prices, 17 drug price reductions have been conducted.As of now, the national medical insurance catalog has been formulated and adjusted.The highest retail price of more than 1,000 drugs.However, due to the cumbersome circulation and black box operation, the drug price is still high, and the actual drug price is still significantly different from the patient's expectations.
From this text, we can know:
A.The state has solved the problem of high drug prices by adjusting the maximum retail price of more than 1,000 drugs in the national medical insurance catalog.
B.The patient believes that the high drug price is the reason why the patient's expectations are too high
C.Controlling drug prices is a fundamental way to solve the problem of high drug prices
D.Reducing the price of medicines by reducing circulation and implementing transparent operations has become a top priority

a
The worship of the natural gods such as the sun, moon, stars, mountains, and rivers in ancient China.The worship of the supreme god in the ancient Chinese religions-"the emperor of heaven".The emergence of the supreme god in ancient Chinese religions corresponds to the emergence of monarchs in secular society.Classes appeared in society, and the country and the emperor as the highest ruler of the country appeared.Therefore, the "king emperor" and "God" that came before the gods also appeared in the kingdom of heaven.
The most accurate recap of this passage is:
A.Human worship of the emperor began with the emergence of emperors in the class division of human society
B.People's worship of nature was converted to the worship of God in the Xia-Shang-Wednesday zone
C.Religion is inseparable from the state
D.The worship of the Emperor is a higher level than the worship of the natural god

a
We do not reject fashion, and we are happy to admit that we have benefited from fashion in our lives.But the difference between saying that literature cannot be separated from the times and fashion cannot be separated from it is huge and essential.Because the writer is not a model, entertainer or designer, he can follow Time, but can never climb the trend.Because following the trend and following it, it can only make him a plastic person and not a creator.Moreover, this trend and the trend of discarding and trying to please everyone will surely make him The loss of independent individual will neither revive a spirit nor enlighten a more meaningful life.In the end, it will either be lost in the best-selling or die in fashion.
The main point of this passage is:
A.Real literature has nothing to do with fashion
B.How much literature should benefit from fashion
C.Fashion literature is bound to die
D.Writers should follow the times and follow the fashion

b
Whether it is scientific and technological factors, psychological factors, or other factors, the generation of happiness is not inevitable, and it is also not measurable.The idea that with technology, meeting personal pursuits will inevitably be untenable.Similarly, their role in happiness is not always positive.It should be said that, in terms of the source of happiness, technology, psychology, or other such as the value system, are only influencing factors, and between happiness, There is no necessary causal link.
Which of the following options best matches the meaning of this text:
A.Technology is not a necessary condition for happiness
B.Technology is only a factor in happiness
C.Technology is not measurable for happiness
D.Technology's role in happiness is not always positive

c
The garden makers of Suzhou Gardens have integrated their understanding of nature and their high appreciation of natural beauty into the art of gardening with freehand brushwork.While embodying the thoughts of literati's seclusion, they strive to reflect the literati's paintings.The "forest" makes the garden "silent poetry, three-dimensional painting", "full of" poetic and artistic meaning.
In the above discourse, the author discusses:
A.The relationship between natural beauty and garden art
B.The relationship between freehand brushwork and gardening art
C.The relationship between literati painting and gardening art
D.The relationship between literati hermit ideas and gardening art

c
Motivation and intention are the two factors in the behavior process, and their moral value must be demonstrated through the result of the behavior.Motivation is not useless.Motivation has the intention, the intention has behavior, and behavior produces results.Intentions do not depend on subjective moral motives, but on the behavioral consequences, they bring.
What is the correct understanding of this passage?
A.Human morality can be judged from behavior
B.Motivation and intentions in their independent moral value
C.Motivation and intention depend on the outcome of the behavior
D.Motivation and intention basis does not exist in objective effects, but in subjective areas

b
Because of the dual structure of urban and rural areas, the same economic income makes life very difficult in the city, but it may be comfortable in the village.The city is market-oriented, but there are quite a few non-market factors in the village.Farmers are willing to accept very low pay for work because rural labor costs are lower than in cities.This has also enabled China to benefit from globalization.
The text is meant to illustrate?
A.Root Causes for China to Benefit from Globalization
B.The existence of China's urban-rural dual structure has a certain ...
C.Narrowing the gap between the rich and the poor in urban and rural areas is a necessary condition for China's urbanization
D.To build a socialist countryside, we must break the dual urban-rural structure

a
Policies and systems bring people's subjective will to a certain extent, or the result of people's will.Therefore, in the process of macroeconomic management, whether the administrative adjustment method is reasonable and scientific depends mainly on whether people's subjective understanding of objective things Correctness depends on people's understanding and mastery of objective laws and complex economic activities.
What's the point of this text?
A.Limitations of administrative adjustment methods in objective economic management
B.Policies and systems are unscientific in the formulation process
C.Administrative adjustment methods should be replaced by other economic and legal adjustment methods
D.The correctness of policies and institutions depends on the subjective factors of their creators

d
Related party transactions and fund transfers are explicitly prohibited in other countries, and in China, the backdoor listing has become a shortcut for many people to buy gold in the stock market.If the listing is to raise funds for enterprises, backdooring is beyond reproach.The trick of such a bag company, we can't help but put a few question marks on the concept of the stock market.
What does the following statement fail to draw from the context?
A.Backdoor listing method can raise funds for enterprises
B.Raising funds for the company is not the real purpose of the leather company's backdoor listing.
C.Related party transactions and fund transfers often occur in China
D.China should eliminate backdoor listing at this stage

d
A WWF report shows that biological species are dying faster than ever before.There are currently 13,000 rhinos in Africa, and the number of such behemoths once reached 1 million on this continent.In Africa, The number of hippos has fallen by 95%, and there are now only 1,300 hippos, and 30 years ago, the number of this thick-skinned animal reached 29,000.At least 800 hippos' teeth and meat are traded each year in Africa.
What is the correct understanding of this paragraph?
A.The main function of WWF is to focus on and protect the biological species of the earth
B.The number of hippos worldwide has fallen by 95% in the past 30 years
C.Now things die much faster than other kinds of animals
D.Human activity is the main reason for the sharp decline in the number of horses

b
It is reported that a mature female rat breeds about once every 20 days or so, and one child can produce six or seven, and many can produce a dozen mice.A mouse can reach 1.5 to 2.5 months after birth.Mature and capable of reproduction.Interestingly, scientists have found that mice have the function of "family planning".When the total number of mice in an area is large, the mice will slow down their reproduction frequency, and when there are fewer mice or people kill rodents Later, they speed up reproduction and make mice multiply rapidly.
What's the point of this text?
A.Rats have a short lifespan and therefore a short life cycle
B.Self-regulation of fertility in mice
C.Rats have the amazing reproductive ability and are very harmful
D.Rats' reproductive ability depends on external environmental factors

b
Creating a successful (or even great) work does not require strong melodies, but the melodic, easy-to-hum melody will always give the ordinary layman more obedience.Many people who have not studied or analyzed music, are very It is easy to be attracted by composers who are good at the melody.Compare the composers of the Baroque period with some composers of the 20th century; classical composers and romantic composers have made their melody easier to catch, and the short melody is easy to grasp.
According to this passage, what is the correct understanding?
A.A good composer is a composer who is good at mastering the ears of his audience
B.Compared with modern composers, classical composers can make their melody easier to catch.
C.Romantic composers are particularly good at using short melody in the composition process
D.Music creation under the socialist system should be guided by public tastes

a
Appreciation is an organic part of literary activities.Only in the process of appreciation can work acquire its essential nature and become a literary work.Traditional literary theories ignore literary appreciation, making it difficult for literary research to go further, and also hindering the development of literary creation.The biggest difference between theory and traditional literary theory lies in the importance attached to literary appreciation.It can be said that the study of literary appreciation is the starting point of modern literary theory, and modern literary theory is based on literary appreciation theory.
According to this passage, what is the most accurate understanding?
A.Modern Literary Theory Values the Process of Literary Appreciation
B.Literary creation is a common prerequisite for literature
C.Literary appreciation is an essential way to obtain works, and it is the most important part of literary activities
D.The popularization of literary appreciation activities laid the cornerstone of literary theory

d
The holy infant phenomenon is a global climate pattern that occurs once every four years and lasts for about one and a half years and affects the climate of the world.According to statistics, there have been 23 occurrences in the last century.The scale of the Holy Child phenomenon in 1998 was very large, causing disasters such as floods and crop failures in the United States at a cost of about 1.5 billion U.S.dollars.However, changes in climate patterns have caused longer plant growing seasons and the use of heating fuel in winter, In fact, the amount of reduction in the number of cases, in fact, the impact of the Holy Child phenomenon on the U.S.economy is instead a net income of 15 billion US dollars.
According to the text, what is the following understanding?
A.In 1998, the damage caused by the Holy Child phenomenon to the United States is actually far more than 1.5 billion US dollars
B.The holy infant phenomenon refers to a common climate disaster with a wide range of impacts in the last century.
C.Facing the disaster caused by the Holy Child phenomenon, the United States publicly reduced the use of heating fuel in the winter of 1998
D.The infant child phenomenon of 1998 brought disasters to the United States but also brought positive effects beyond

c
The development of the elderly industry in China at this stage can not only meet the special needs of the elderly, but also help to form new consumption hotspots, expand domestic demand, increase employment and optimize the industrial structure.At the same time, it can promote coordinated urban and rural development and intergenerational feedback.Build a bridge between tackling the aging of the population and promoting economic and social development, and achieve a double-headed situation.
The most accurate understanding of the purpose of this article is:
A.The problem of aging in Chinese society needs urgent solution
B.There is huge potential in the consumer market of the elderly in China
C.At present, the time is ripe for China to promote the development of the aging industry
D.The development of the aging industry must reward the economic growth of our country to a large extent

a
Dioxin is a persistent organic pollutant.At present, there are various verification questions on the treatment of dioxin.First, the detection technology of dioxin is very high, the sampling requirements are very strict, and special high sensitivity is required.Detection equipment.Secondly, dioxin compounds are widely distributed and there are many pollution sources.Waste incineration is an important source of dioxin.The United States, Japan, and Germany have more advanced technologies to deal with, such as activated carbon adsorption, catalyst treatment, etc., but China rarely adopts these methods at present.As a developing country, the technology and cost of pollutant treatment are issues to be considered.
According to this passage, what is the correct understanding?
A.Technology and cost are the main factors restricting the treatment of dioxin pollution in China
B.China does not yet have the technical level to detect dioxins from the environment
C.Increased funding can solve current problems
D.Because of its widespread distribution, eradication of dioxin pollution is impossible

c
The survey found that 25% of babies now have excessive levels of mercury in their blood and hair, and 6% of mothers have mercury levels that exceed the standard.Researchers say that even if the mercury content of fish meets safety standards, if pregnant women are chronically overeating, Consumption will also cause mercury to pass through the placenta to the fetus.Due to the poor excretion ability of the fetus, this mercury will easily accumulate in its body, which will affect the baby's brain development and cause mental retardation.
Based on the above text, what is the correct understanding?
A.The mercury in pregnant women exceeds the standard, and the mercury in their babies must also exceed the standard
B.The improper diet of pregnant women is the root cause of retarded infant intellectual development
C.Pregnant women's long-term and excessive consumption of fish can affect infant brain development
D.The current mercury content safety standards for fish products are unscientific

d
Human beings have a tendency to believe in their own people.An experienced talker always matches his tone, volume, and rhythm with the other person.Even the sitting posture tries his best to give the other person a sense of compatibility in his heart.For example, Sitting side by side is more psychologically common than sitting side by side.
What's the point of this passage?
A.Experienced talkers are generally more confident and can control the situation during the conversation
B.People are always better at talking with people they know
C.Seated posture during a conversation is just as important as tone, volume, rhythm, etc.
D.Creating a sense of compatibility can have a positive effect on the conversation process

a
The "dragon" is considered to be a domineering and aggressive behemoth in the western world.The image of the "dragon" often allows foreigners who have little knowledge of Chinese history and culture to unilaterally and arbitrarily generate some unrealistic associations.Some foreigners with little knowledge of Chinese history and culture, including the "Dragon", arbitrarily generate some associations that do not conform to reality.Some Chinese image signs including the "Dragon" often have certain limitations and are easy to condense.It has become the greatest wealth of modernization.The development of people's internal motivation has cultural effects and greatly improved the quality of the people, and various cultural forms have merged and penetrated, radiating the Quartet.
What does this passage directly support?
A.Material wealth is a tangible foundation for urban construction
B.The concept of historical landscape as a new perspective of urban construction has yet to be accepted by people
C.Cultural construction is the main component of urban construction
D.Historical and cultural heritage is conducive to improving the spiritual quality of the city and shaping the image of the city

a
When you consider society as a complex system, it is important to pay attention to the dynamic coordination of multiple factors to better promote social harmony.If you encounter problems, proceed from the concept, conduct simple qualitative and judgment, and strive for consistency This simplification, one-sidedness, and extremism are incompatible with a harmonious society.
What's the point of this passage?
A.Building a harmonious society requires systemic thinking
B.A simplified, one-sided approach to social issues is incorrect
C.When faced with complex problems, we cannot simply characterize and simply make judgments
D."Seeking common ground while reserving differences" is an idea for building a harmonious society

a
As a developing country, independent innovation is not its own innovation, more non-closed innovation, and cannot exclude the introduction of technology, but technological innovation capabilities cannot be directly obtained through the introduction, and key technologies are even more difficult to buy.Japan and South Korea introduced technology and digested and absorbed.The ratio of expenses is 1: 5 and 1: 8, while the ratio in China is 1: 0.15.
It can be seen that the main problem of technology introduction in China is?
A.Insufficient digestion and re-innovation of imported technology
B.Relying too much on technology introduction and not strong independent innovation ability
C.Not enough effort to introduce advanced technology
D.The technology introduced is not the most advanced and critical technology in the world

d
Out of deep concern for the life of migrant workers in cities, writers can't help but hold a serious moral position when narrating the stories of peasants entering cities.In this narrative picture, cities and rural areas are often abstracted into two opposite worlds of value, and farmers' struggles in cities are always interpreted as an elegy about the destruction of rustic values.
The gist of this text?
A.Modern literary creation should pay more attention to the lives of migrant workers in cities
B.The "three rural issues" are difficult to return, the gap between urban and rural areas is widening, and the life of migrant workers in cities is difficult
C.The narrative of the story of the peasant entering the city in literary creation is conducive to attracting social attention to him
D.The literary creation of migrant workers in cities should not be limited to simple value judgments

d
Intel states that its next-generation processors no longer use lead as raw material, and it is expected to stop using halogens by 2008.Through these measures, Intel processors will greatly reduce the harm to the environment.It can effectively solve the problem of electrical leakage and increase the power consumption efficiency of the processor by 30%.As the size of transistors continues to shrink, the electrical leakage is also more serious, leading to the problem of processor heating and excessive functions.In a way, electrical leakage has become a bottleneck that hinders further improvement in processor performance.
The most appropriate summary of the main meaning of this passage?
A.Intel Corporation has successfully developed new technologies to address the issue of electrical leakage
B.Electrical leakage is a bottleneck that needs to be resolved in the processor production process
C.As the size of transistors continues to shrink, the heat and power consumption of processors will become more and more serious
D.Intel's next-generation processors use new materials, which is not only more environmentally friendly, but also increases power

c
Facing the localization of psychological counseling and treatment, we need to have an enlightened attitude toward western theories and urgent questions? How can we use empirical methods such as results research to test the validity of the relevant theories among Chinese people, then go Wu Cunjing.At the same time, through absorption and learning from foreign theories and methods, develop or create a psychological counseling and treatment system that suits Chinese culture and Chinese characteristics.
The most appropriate summary of the main meaning of this passage?
A.Psychology is a discipline that varies from person to person and according to their aptitude
B.We urgently need to use empirical methods to verify the scientific nature of western psychological counseling and treatment theories
C.The realization of the goal of localization of psychological counseling and treatment should be based on the de-falsification of Western theories and independent innovation.
D.Treat western theories as enlightened as possible, and be able to achieve localization of psychological counseling and treatment in order to be well-informed.

c
Voltaire used natural resources, read books, and digested what he ate, serving as his nutrition, serving his "rational philosophy." Among the "homes" Voltaire was involved in, China was not very important.The "family" is not "loved"; single out it with a microscope to magnify it like a "close-up lens", that is not "illusion" but "illusion".
This text mainly states:
A.Voltaire uses Chinese materials to serve his "rational philosophy"
B.Chinese materials play an important role in Voltaire's philosophy
C.It is wrong to exaggerate the role of the Chinese factor in Voltaire's philosophy
D.Voltaire depicts China with a "specific lens"

d
In the past, some people believed that crime was committed because of criminal insufficiency or alienation from society, so it cannot be stopped by punishment.However, from the perspective of microeconomics, most criminals do it according to their own circumstances.Rational choice.This analysis method has a considerable impact on the formulation of public policy and judicial trials.Now, if judges and lawmakers adopt a loose attitude toward crime, it will cause strong public dissatisfaction.It can be seen that many people It also began to interpret criminal behavior from the perspective of microeconomics.
What is the main meaning of this passage?
A.Most criminals are rational
B.Psychological or social factors are the main cause of crime
C.Microeconomics changes how many people think about crime
D.Interpreting crimes more scientifically with microeconomics

b
Nationalism was once a modern force for social unity and independence, but once it is successful, it can easily become a force of conservative oppression.Few political leaders have the insight to place the needs of their people above the national goal.And often the means to modernize become ends in themselves.
What is the incorrect understanding of this text?
A.Nationalism is a double-edged sword
B.Nationalism has the essential attributes of conservativeness and oppression
C.Visionary politician puts the needs of the country first
D.Nationalism has played an active role in the establishment of the modern state

a
People try to predict the world's development path or seek oversimplified and one-way solutions, and we should all remain skeptical, because the world situation is extremely complex.The analysis of development trends provides a more intricate and complex when we look to the future.Perspectives, we focus our attention on decision analysis.
Correct understanding of this text?
A.Development trend analysis can avoid the tendency of simplification to a certain extent
B.Simplified thinking is meaningless to recognize the development path of the world
C.Development trend analysis is an accurate trend prediction method
D.Given the extreme complexity of the world situation, forecasting development trends is futile

c
Traditional morality is generated in response to the simple life and small organizations closely integrated with interpersonal relationships.Moral education can also play a role in small organizations with simple lives.However, in a highly complicated modern society, Generosity, expressed only in a face-to-face manner, changing customs and responsibilities, and relying only on those who have the virtues, it is difficult to imagine what this society will look like.
According to this text, understand wrong?
A.Morality arises and functions in a certain environment
B.Moral education has a positive function in traditional society
C.Promoting traditional morality in modern society is a very difficult task
D.The Function of Moral Education in Modern Society Declines

a
In 2001, Americans, who accounted for 4.68% of the world's population, consumed 46.7% of the world's health resources, and per capita health expenditures were US $ 4,873; Canada, which accounts for 0.5% of the world's population, also consumed 2.22% of world health resources.Health resources are adequate, but surveys show that 13% of Americans and 11% of Canadians did not receive the necessary health services at the time.In the United States, 53% of unmet medical needs believed that this was mainly due to costs Caused by too high, in Canada, 32% of unsatisfied believe that long waiting times are the main reason.
What is the author most likely to want to say through this text?
A.Unmet demand cannot be used as a general basis for the insufficient supply of health resources
B.Developed countries consume most of the world's health resources
C.The United States and Canada have high health standards and sufficient health resources
D.Health resources held and consumed by countries around the world are extremely uneven

d
The shortcomings of traditional Keynesianism and the effectiveness and mistakes of neoclassical have inspired some scholars to build macroeconomics on the basis of microcosmic.The price rigidity and non-market clearing hypothesis replaced the neoclassical wage, price flexibility and market clearing hypothesis, and combined it with the theory of macro output and employment determination to draw Keynesian conclusions, which resulted in the New Keynesian Doctrine.
Do you understand the right one?
A.The effectiveness and mistakes of neoclassicism are the basis of macroeconomics
B.Breakthrough in microeconomics based on microeconomics lies in the empirical analysis of labor market and product market
C.Neo-Keynesianism replaces the neoclassical assumption with wages, price rigidity, and non-market clearing assumptions
D.Wages, price flexibility, and market clearing assumptions may be the effects and mistakes of neoclassicism

c
The integration of traditional festivals into national legal festivals reflects respect and return to traditional Chinese culture.Chinese traditional culture is an important part of our spiritual homeland.But over the years, some "foreign festivals" have become more and more fashionable, and traditional festivals have become There is a tendency to be forgotten by people, especially young people.
The following does not fit the text?
A.The author supports the practice of incorporating traditional festivals into national statutory programs
B.Traditional festivals are an important part of traditional Chinese culture
C.Some "foreign festivals" are becoming more and more fashionable, and most young people have forgotten traditional festivals
D.Including traditional festivals into national legal festivals can awaken everyone's attention to traditional culture

b
In an era of low pressure, where the soil and water are particularly unsuitable, no one has any illusions, and I look forward to the strange flowers and plants in the literary gardens.Then the more important accidents in the world often occur when you are not cold Historians or sociologists will use logic to prove that accidents are the result of long-term brewing.However, the general public without this analytical mind always feels that there is really a magic wand-like thing in the world that directs every new thing.Accidents are like falling from the sky, teaching people to be caught off guard, no matter their sorrow or joy, this is the first impression Ms.Zhang Ailing's work gives readers.
Which of the items is not understood correctly?
A.The advent of Zhang Ailing's work was a special case in the social context at the time
B.The emergence of strange flowers in the literary garden cannot be explained by science and logic
C.The public's feeling for Zhang Ailing's work is too abrupt and too miracle
D.The introduction of Zhang Ailing's works is not accidental, there is a certain inevitability

a
Richard Bitner described borrowers in the U.S.subprime mortgage crisis as "a messy credit profile, meager incomes, sometimes no time at work, no history of renting a house, and no savings to support a living." It is not feasible, and government supervision is ineffective.But why are there so many poor people or such a large number of vulnerable groups in American society?
What is the gist of the above text?
A.The growing income gap is an important cause of the U.S.subprime crisis
B.The financial crisis in the United States was caused by the subprime crisis of banks
C.The root cause of the U.S.subprime crisis is that banks lend money to a large number of poor people who are unable to repay their loans
D.U.S.government insufficiently monitors borrowers' ability to repay loans

c
In fact, there is no absolutely correct standard answer for the interpretation of life, morals, aesthetics and society.Every era, every nation, has the urge to ask questions and the ability to solve problems.What meets this historical need is the so-called You can laugh at Hu Shi's shallowness, saying that the experimentalism it advocates is rather rude, not even as fine as the new humanism promoted by Bai Xuede promoted by the Xueheng School, but it is useless, the latter is not as good as the former.The taste of Chinese in the era.
What is the above text?
A.Relationship between reality and theory
B.The relationship between experimentalism and neo-humanism
C.The relationship between times and academia
D.Relationship between life, morals, aesthetics and society

a
Karl Polanyi said that if the market mechanism is left to be the sole guide of the destiny of mankind and its natural environment, as well as the quantity and use of purchasing power, it will lead to social damage.As far as goods are concerned, labor cannot be arbitrarily driven and used It even gives up without affecting the individual who happens to be the bearer of this particular commodity.That is to say, when dealing with one's labor, the system always faces the unity of physical, mental, and moral under the title of "person".
Whata does this text mainly explain?
A.Unregulated markets destroy society
B.Labor is a special commodity
C.Unregulated markets lack moral character
D.Labor cannot be commoditized

b
Social conflict plays a role of the stimulator, it stimulates the establishment of new norms, rules and institutions, and thus acts as an agent that promotes the socialization of the hostile parties.In addition, the conflict reaffirms the underlying norms and thus strengthens society Participation in life.As a stimulus for normative improvement and formation, conflicts make it possible to adjust social relationships that have changed.However, whether social conflicts are conducive to internal adaptation depends on what kind of conflicts and conflicts occur Social structure.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.Social conflicts contribute to social integration
B.The integrated function of social conflict requires conditions
C.Social conflict is a manifestation of inadequate socialization
D.Social conflict is one of the ways to participate in social life

d
I have always been in favor of non-resistance, but because of some biases, I dare not implement it.Now I think that this view is really a fallacy.Why? Because non-resistance is negative in face and the most economical positive in the bones.We must be effective in doing things.If we do not implement this, we will inevitably consume the spirit in a useless place.We must save the spirit and use it in a proper place.You have to save where you don't have to.This is negative to be positive: without negative, there is no positive.
What does the above text mainly tell us?
A.Reasons in favor of non-resistance
B.Non-resistance looks negative, but it is positive
C.Positive and negative are just philosophical words in a relative sense
D.To succeed, you must focus your limited energy on doing the most important things

d
"Globalization" is a non-linear, dialectical process.In this process, global and local no longer exist as cultural poles, but exist as parallel and interrelated principles.These processes include not only cross-border interconnections, but also the transformation of the social and political attributes inherent in nation-state societies.This is what I define as "cosmopolitanization."
What is the main point expressed in this text?
A."Globalization" is a non-linear, dialectical process
B.Cosmopolitan means inherent globalization, meaning globalization within the society of nation states
C.Global and local cultures in the process of "globalization" are interrelated
D.Cosmopolitanization includes linkages across borders and within nation-states

d
In a mature economic policy system and economics education system, the economic theory must be more realistic, and economic policy must be based on theoretical logic.However, the combination of this theory and reality should rely on the expansion of the discipline's territory and theories.The progress of science and technology depends on the scientific division of labor and professional positioning, rather than on the ability or role of individuals.
What's wrong with this text?
A.Economic theory cannot make positive economic policies without facing reality
B.Economic policy as a combination of economic theory and reality cannot be formulated based on the role of economists
C.The combination of economic theory and reality should be based on the expansion of the discipline's territory and theoretical progress
D.The ability to formulate a sound economic policy depends on the ability of the economist

c
Human beings are a kind of cultural animals.Human behavior is not only determined by innate biological instincts, but also by many factors such as acquired culture and society.The heart of beauty is shared by everyone.However, behind any wonderful thing There are not wonderful essences or origins, whether you can realize it or not.Beauty is often a lie, but the truth is often difficult to hear.When you browse the web, you may be attracted by gorgeous pages.If you view the source code from the browser menu And you will find a bunch of messy things that don't make any sense to you.
What is the main meaning of this text?
A.Human behavior is affected by many factors including acquired culture and society
B.Man is a cultural animal
C.Behind anything wonderful, it has a bad nature or origin
D.Beauty is often a lie, and the truth is often hard to hear

b
Those who are on the road, for the purpose of distant places, have no intention to pay attention to the scenery along the road.Many roadside styles that are not inferior to what you seek are easily ignored by you.When we understand it many years later, we will have no regrets.And when you change the mentality of rushing to the mentality of walking, you will find that you get savory, lose and savour; rich and savory, poor and scent; success savours, failure also has scent; passionate love, savage love Taste; youth has flavor, and aging has flavor ...At this time, you will suddenly realize that what you dream of is actually hidden on the road; what happened on the road is exactly what you are looking for.Apart from that, you still What are you looking for?
What is wrong with this text?
A.People who drive are those who abandoned the scenery along the way for success
B.We should not be struggling for distant goals
C.Maybe your dreams are hidden in the scenery along the way
D.Leave some free time in life instead of hurrying

d
People like officials solve problems that have answers from morning to night, and their brains have been trained to be like this, so they are not expected to be politicians.The task of politicians is to deal with questions that have no answers, and to deal with problems that are likely to be unsolvable.However, the more a person is trained as a good official, the more he thinks that the questions are answered and they can be solved, so when he encounters a problem that may be unsolvable, he is helpless, and even pats his butt and leaves.The more a person is trained as an official, the more he becomes an incompetent politician.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text?
A.A good official always thinks that the questions are answered
B.Politicians' task is to deal with unanswered questions
C.Not all officials can be politicians
D.The best officials are the worst politicians

b
Architecture also has a life and has a history of life.It not only happens, grows, but also matures, transforms, and rises and falls.Life is agile, and architecture is also agile, a living body, so it pours so many human beings Emotion.Emotion is proof of life.Life needs space, and architecture and space cannot be separated, and space is the stage of its life.At the same time, life has history, and architecture also lives in time.Without time and space, both life and architecture No longer exist, but life and architecture can be surpassed in time and space, and enter into infinity and eternity-and this is exactly what the architectural aesthetics seek.
What is the most accurate guess for the role of the above text in the original text?
A.This text aims to demonstrate the life history of architecture
B.This text serves as a primer on the aesthetics of architecture
C.Foreshadowing the historical origins of architectural aesthetics
D.Summarizing the previous discussion on architectural aesthetics

c
A pessimistic person regards all happiness as unhappiness, just as fine wine will become bitter in the mouth full of bile.The happiness and distress of life do not lie in the advent itself as suffering or pleasure, but depends on us as Where to go from these things.
What does this text tell us?
A.The world is beautiful, we should love life
B.It is human nature to understand the world with a pessimistic attitude
C.The eyes of the mood determine the color of the world
D.Disturbed by things, tired by yourself, is modern

b
Will large-scale credit investments cause inflation? If the economic recovery is not obvious, and the banking system is still open to release water, then a large number of funds cannot enter the real economy, which will push up the price index and bring inflation.In the worst case, it will even form "stagflation".Large-scale investment is accompanied by economic recovery, so even if the price index rises, it is a moderate and healthy rise and has nothing to do with inflation.
What does this text mean?
A.The impact of inflation requires specific analysis and cannot be generalized.
B.There is no necessary causal relationship between large-scale credit placement and inflation
C.The extent of price increases is the main indicator of whether inflation has occurred
D.In the case of rapid economic growth, inflation is unlikely to occur

d
As long as the decision makers of a country genuinely hope to develop a market economy, are willing to act in accordance with the rules of capital creation and circulation, and can respect the rights of most citizens based on real property possession and disposal, they can make most ownership legal, thereby creating a legal property.The flexible and flowing environment is like connecting isolated lakes to form a huge water city, avoiding sporadic lakes and disappearing in the barren sands.A lot of capital flows, wealth creation, and economic efficiency will be in Brutal growth in the market.
What is the most accurate understanding of the subject matter of this text?
A.The state needs to respect the right to possess and dispose of the majority of the nationals
B.Ownership without legal protection is inefficient and lack of vitality
C.The degree of market economy development is closely related to the level of decision makers in a country
D.Legalization of ownership is the key to the normal development of the market economy

c
Under the prevailing cultural background of structuralism, in a market economy dominated by utilitarianism, people lack a sense of rationality and moral compromise, and are superstitious in rational calculations.As a result, belief and morality are gradually desertified.The lack of belief will inevitably lead people And the meaning of life, and lack of awe of the rules, so that faith is "killed" by reason.
What does the author mean by this passage?
A.The opposition between reason and belief is a sign of modern society
B.In modern society, reason needs to compromise with morality, and people need to have faith
C.The superstition of rationality leads to lack of faith and moral loss
D.Moral and belief formation is very difficult in modern society

c
In fact, since the 1990s, researchers in the green economy have followed the language, according to the well-known Kondragiev economic long-wave theory or Schumpeter's innovation cycle theory.The forthcoming sixth wave of innovation is characterized by the revolution of resource production.The significance of this long wave is to create a new era of the ecological economy characterized by low-carbon energy.The Copenhagen International Climate Conference will actually start this new green economy.Longwave, and enter the climax by 2020, regardless of the specific results of the Copenhagen conference, the world will definitely follow the green development path of a low-carbon economy.
What does this text mainly explain about the Copenhagen International Climate Conference?
A.Theoretical basis
B.Age background
C.Significance
D.Outlook

c
As a force, cultural force is not a direct-acting force, its manifestation and play must be through a certain genre or medium, either it is resistant to people's ideas or spiritual ideas, or it is materialized in a certain material product On the spiritual product, only through the spiritual or material carrier can the cultural power have a real existence, that is, the cultural power is not an immediate and visible power, and it cannot be controlled and controlled by people as they wish.This is one of the reasons why people's understanding of cultural power has been very vague for thousands of years.
What does the author mean by this text?
A.Explain that cultural power is a soft power
B.Show that the expression of cultural power is diverse
C.Explain that cultural power is inherently dependent
D.Explain why people don't understand cultural power

b
Fairness and justice is not only a subjective issue, but also an objective optional issue.It is not only a static issue, but also a dynamic process.On the cognitive issue, we need to build a basic social identity through media and public opinion From an objective point of view, the social system should meet the needs of the vast majority of people as much as possible in a certain time and space.It can create conditions for him to see the hope that he can enjoy the sunshine of public products in some subsequent space-time structure.
What does this passage mean?
A.The essence of fairness and justice
B.Fairness and justice
C.Fairness and justice can be constructed
D.Important ways to achieve fairness and justice

b
When recycling economy and ecological economy consider natural resources again, they not only consider them as available resources, but also ecosystems that need to maintain a virtuous circle; when considering science and technology, they not only consider their ability to develop naturally but also fully consider the stability Its ability to maintain and repair ecosystems, making it a technology that is good for the environment.When considering human development, we not only consider human's ability to transform nature but also pay more attention to the ability of people to live in harmony with nature and promote the all-round development of people.
What does this text express the idea of a circular economy and ecological economy?
A.Systematic
B.Values
C.Production concept
D.Environmental protection

c
Studies show that changing 45 minutes of exercise on an electric treadmill to jogging in a nearby park can reduce carbon dioxide emissions by nearly 1 kilogram.Without washing machines to dry clothes, let them dry naturally, which can reduce 2.3 kilograms of carbon dioxide.Emissions; U.S.computers and their monitors can reduce the carbon dioxide emissions of these computers by one-third during lunch breaks and after work; change to water-saving showerheads, which not only save water, but also enable hot shower The resulting CO2 emissions are cut in half.
What does the author most likely want to express through this text?
A.Natural lifestyles save energy
B.Energy saving awareness is important
C.Ordinary people can contribute to energy savings
D.Energy saving must start from little by little

b
Each behavior comes from a certain thought, not necessarily a signal of action.The more people use language tools to freely exchange ideas, the more they can reach a correct understanding to govern more rational actions.Therefore, suppressing speech often It is not to prevent wrong actions, but to prevent deliberate actions.The result must be that if the pressure is high enough, people will be passive and passive.If the pressure is small, people will still move arbitrarily.
What does the author mean by the above text?
A.Thinking leads to action
B.Restricting speech restricts thought
C.Restriction on speech can limit action
D.The action comes from the thought

a
In China, all citizens are under the protection of the Constitution.On the contrary, it is quite dangerous and weird to talk about "protecting the rich" in the context of resources that the poor do not have adequate protection."In a sense, on the Chinese market economy stage, the profit-seeking nature of the" rich "group represented by entrepreneurs seems to be more worthy of our vigilance than the struggle of the poor.
What is the author's point of view through this text?
A.It is wrong to talk about protecting the rich
B.Protecting the interests of the poor is fundamental
C.To stop being unkind
D.The worth of wealth must be discussed on the basis of fairness

d
Problems in the public domain have never been questions of science or statistics, but of subjective cognition, consciousness, and imagination.In the social sphere, the subjective feelings of the people are the most important objective facts.Therefore, When discussing public policy issues, the seemingly accurate figures are actually not as important as officials and experts imagine.On the contrary, if the people of a country feel their tax burden is heavy, then the tax burden of that country is heavy Regardless of how low the macro tax burden calculated by experts compared to other countries.
What does this text tell us?
A.Sometimes the scientific formulation of public policy requires us to stay away from data analysis
B.The student's tax burden in a country depends on the subjective feelings of citizens in the country
C.We have a biased understanding of some public domain issues
D.References to citizens' perceptions are more important than data when solving problems in the public domain

a
Due to the influence of conclusive thinking, our research should always be divided into positive characters and negative characters, and people generally think that all faults should be caused by negative characters, and naively thought that as long as there are no negative characters, everything will go smoothly.It is a manifestation of disrespect for history.It is a bad person.We emphasize the historical view of the problem, but many of our evaluations do not reflect this, but only according to the thoughts and feelings of our modern people.People, tag people.
What is the following incorrect expression of the author's intention?
A.Research on historical figures should be objective
B.Negative characters are not responsible for all faults
C.The thoughts and feelings of modern people should be set aside in historical evaluation
D.Conclusive thinking has led us to the misunderstanding of the study of history

c
Whether people accept or to what extent the market competition system is accepted is not so much a question of cultural differences, but rather a question of historical cases, that is, whether the competition is fair.Latin America, Russia, and Iran, which have different cultural traditions, are strong.The public anti-competitive movement of the United States, but the United States and Britain of the same cultural type have nowhere else, which shows how convincing it is to avoid whether competition is fair and focus exclusively on "cultural traditions" and "deep psychology."
What does this text mean?
A.Market competition system can be accepted by countries with different cultural traditions
B.Fairness is the core issue of the market competition system
C.The cultural determinism of the market competition system lacks explanatory power
D.The market competition system is rooted in cultural traditions

d
A story is about a self-proclaimed emperor in the United States.People who know a little about American history know that there are many strange things in American history and reality, but there is one thing that is not there, the emperor.The imperial system has not been implemented, so it is impossible to have so-called emperors.However, the San Francisco Chronicle, one of the main San Francisco newspapers on January 9, 1880, published a message on the front page of the headline: "The King crashed.", Announced" the death of Norton I, Emperor of the United States and the protector of Mexico ".
From the above, what is the author most likely to tell next?
A.Analysis of the reasons why the United States did not implement imperialism
B.A brief introduction to the nature and purpose of the newspaper
C.Tell the reader about the evolution of the American political system
D.Introducing the legend of Norton I

b
Qualitative research methods are used in China's "localization of management" research.Because qualitative research does not have clear procedures and paths to follow, as in quantitative research, it is complicated and time-consuming to begin with.For researchers of logical empirical research, the difficulties are even greater.This has led some researchers to abandon the real "Chinese management localization" research in the true sense, and to do some research paths that are relatively fixed, the research paradigm is clearer, and published The dissertation is faster, and at the same time, it can be more popular research topics for international sentence editors.
This text mainly explains the study of "localization of management science" in China:
A.To break through the paradigm of quantitative research
B.To overcome the idea of quick success and immediate benefit
C.Have clear procedures and paths
D.More emphasis on qualitative research

b
Modern general education encourages individuals to use their knowledge, wisdom, goodwill, and love to free themselves from material constraints spiritually and free from all kinds of interests in life.Growth and the inherent spiritual liberation of human nature, in real learning and inquiry, show the individual's potential, realize the meaning of life, interpret the true meaning of life, achieve the transcendence of utility, and transcendence of self.
Which conclusion can the text draw?
A.General education is cultural education
B.General education is free education
C.General education is a life value education
D.General education is comprehensive quality education

c
From the current sales situation, about 4 million iPads can be sold worldwide in a quarter, which is close to 1/10 of the global sales of laptops in the same period.American analysts estimate that iPad has made billions of dollars for Apple since the listing.And due to the shrinking market share of Windows devices, Microsoft lost $ 50 billion in market value.What is more frightening is that the days of the iPad alone are going to end.Almost all IT giants such as Google, Samsung, BlackBerry and Microsoft are lined up Ready to launch tablet.
The main meaning of this text is:
A.iPad has become an important source of profit for Apple
B.Global laptop sales are still higher than iPads
C.Tablets will pose a major threat to laptops
D.Behind sales reflects fierce competition between technologies

c
Humans have never known what is the best life.Even if they guessed it, they certainly do nt know how to achieve the best life.Even if they happen to guess what the conditions for achieving the best life are, they must not do it.This is an incredible fact, but it does, fundamentally, because good things of humanity require universal cooperation, and flaws in human nature always make any universal cooperation void.
The main meaning of this text is:
A.Achieving the best life is the goal pursued by humans
B.Only universal cooperation can achieve a better life for humankind
C.Defects in humanity prevent human beings from achieving their best lives
D.Defects of human nature with anti-cooperation

a
The famous scholar Zimmer believes that because of the existence of conflicts, loosely structured groups and open societies can form a protective layer for conflicts that endanger basic consensus, thereby minimizing the risk of differences that undermine nuclear values.The interdependence of opposing groups and the intersection of such internal conflicts in society help to `` stitch social systems '' by offsetting each other, thus preventing collapse along a major line of division.
The main meaning of this text is:
A.Certain social conflicts contribute to social stability
B.Social conflicts can lead to differences in core values
C.An open society is characterized by allowing conflicts between different groups
D.Social harmony and conflict are dialectical

b
Social justice is not an abstract concept that people generate out of thin air, but it develops with the development of society.Under different historical conditions, people do not understand social justice.The Engel Period was brilliant It states: "The fairness of the Greeks and Romans believed that the slave system was fair." The fairness of the bourgeoisie in 1789 demanded the abolition of the feudal system, because it was said to be unfair ...Therefore, the concept of constant fairness not only changed with time and place, but also varies from person to person ".
This text states:
A.Social justice is concrete
B.Social justice is historical
C.Social justice is relative
D.Social justice is classy

d
The concept of "modernization" we have previously understood is limited to the material level and limited to the superficial economic generation.This is also a long-standing universal problem in late-developing countries: the desire to change at the material level is strong, and at the institutional level It is culturally conservative on the level of ideas and ideas.The impact of this situation on the actual process of modernization needless to say, its impact on academics leads to the vulgarization of knowledge.Constantly changing new words and repeating the old ones under the decoration of new words The result of ideology is that words and slogans are constantly changed without any substantial change in social spirit.
The main meaning of this text is:
A.Modernization should include three levels: material, institutional, and conceptual
B.One-sided understanding of modernization is a long-standing universal problem in developing countries
C.The backward status quo at the material level is an important factor for the one-sided understanding of modernization in late-developed countries
D.One-sided understanding of modernization leads to the popularization of knowledge

d
When the status of public opinion power is unequal, public opinion cannot obtain the respect of power, and self-protection is not available before power, let alone let power be obedient.Therefore, for public opinion to really work, there is no other way than to give public opinion power.Power especially needs to understand that public opinion is the premise and basis of power action, and respect for the expression of public opinion is not based on everything.-When limited to certain conditions and unable to act in accordance with public opinion, be honest with the public and seek public understanding.This is the only way to achieve a win-win situation for power and public opinion.
Through this text, the main points that the author wants to express are:
A.Only the right to respect public opinion is a legitimate right
B.Power should be subject to public opinion, and frankness and humility should be maintained when it is not obeyed
C.The root cause of the lack of respect for public opinion is the weak power of public opinion
D.The key to a win-win situation of power and public opinion lies in the public's knowledge and understanding

c
Solving the problem of population aging requires the joint efforts of the government, society and family.In traditional China, the support of the elderly is largely a child's obligation, not a government responsibility.This concept will not only increase the burden on the younger generation, but also affect manpower.The optimal allocation of resources is at the same time contrary to the people-oriented value orientation.Including the issue of social care and government responsibility in the scope of pensions will not only benefit the elderly population, but also reduce the burden on the younger generation.In this regard, some developed countries have explored The successful experience that can be used for reference.As early as the 1980s, Japan formulated the "Longevity Society Countermeasures" on the basis of the "National Pension Law", the "Elderly Welfare Law" and the "Elderly Health Care Law".To build a "dynamic longevity society" and incorporate it into the overall deployment of society.
Through this text, the main points that the author wants to express are:
A.To develop a comprehensive legal system to deal with the problem of the aging population
B.Disadvantages of Chinese Traditional Nursing System
C.China's pension problem needs to emphasize social and government responsibilities
D.There is a big gap between China's pension model and developed countries

b
The true autonomy of universities is China's first step in establishing a modern university system.Naturally, it is also the most critical step.An autonomous teaching and academic community, as a fully self-contained person, not only has its own purpose, character, academics and morals.The need for standards and honors, but also the motivation to work with other universities to defend the reputation, academic and ethical standards of the university, under such a situation, the corruption of Chinese universities and academia and the more widespread gray academics will be lost.So the breeding ground and the reliance on shelter.Chinese universities can walk into the ivory towers they have never been in.
The text is intended to explain:
A.How can China build a modern university system
B.Importance of true autonomy in Chinese universities
C.Roots of Chinese Academic Corruption and Grey Academics
D.How can Chinese universities get rid of the restrictions of the ivory tower

d
"The ideas of economists and political philosophers are so powerful that they are often unexpected.In fact, the rulers of the world are just these ideas.Many practitioners think they are not affected by any theory, but they often take it seriously.The slave of a deceased economist.The madman is in power and thinks he is inspired, but the image comes from a scholar several years ago.I am convinced that the power of vested interests is too much.Exaggeration is far less powerful than the gradual erosion of thought."
Through this text, the main points that the author wants to express are:
A.Politicians are slaves to thinkers
B.The madman's governing is less affected by academics
C.The power of vested interests is easily exaggerated
D.The influence of thought is very large

d
In modern democracies, law pursues at least six aspects of value goals in the form of equality, democracy, order, freedom and efficiency, and procedural justice, in order to realize the above-mentioned values or coordinate the above-mentioned values to fully exert its adjustment society For the function and efficiency of relations, the law must first establish its authority among members of society and enable people to voluntarily accept the norms of behavior it establishes.To promote this result, we must rely on the construction of the democratic system itself.The more developed democracy, The more effectively we can control the abuse of power and the growth of privileges, this will provide a good political and social environment for the use and compliance of the law, and the law will therefore be more authoritative and effective.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Democracy is the core value goal of modern law
B.Democracy is the prerequisite and basis for realizing the value of modern law
C.Democracy determines the direction of modern law
D.Democracy is the guarantee of the power and role of modern law

a
Culture "must be different" and civilization "inevitably be different"; culture "must be different" and civilization "can be different".This is the difference between culture and civilization.Therefore, culture can communicate or even merge, but ultimately "differentiate" "The trend of civilization is" seeking common ground."Because civilization is the core value; only the common value of human beings is the most valuable.It can be seen that as long as the common values of all human beings are grasped, they can be integrated.Different cultures of various nationalities can create their own "cultural aircraft carriers".
According to this text, the point that cannot be drawn is:
A."Seeking common ground" is the foundation of building a cultural aircraft carrier
B.Culture is more tolerant of "difference" than civilization
C.Different values exist in world civilization
D.Difficult to eliminate differences even if cultures are integrated

b
In the era of belief collapse, those crazy people who are crazy and crazy are some who take their beliefs too seriously.Lu Xun knows the truth, saying that Ji Kang and Ruan Ji destroy the etiquette on the surface, but he believes in etiquette too much, because Satisfied with the use and blasphemy of those in power, they can vent their indignation with anti-ritualism.In fact, under any belief system, most people do not really believe, but just believe in it.Therefore, people who are overly serious Investigate right and wrong, explain the true meaning of faith, and the result is regarded as heresy.
The most appropriate one summarizes the main meaning of this text:
A.Not many people really believe
B.True believers are often those who are considered heresy
C.Taking religion too seriously makes people behave abnormally
D.Many people who claim to have faith are just in name

c
Even though there are a hundred reasons to justify the fading of the "halo" of the profession, there are even 10,000 reasons that this profession cannot step on the bottom line.Abandoning the bottom line, whether it is moving out of economic reasons for survival, or blaming the lack of conscience on the system Restraint, blame everything on the external environment, is harm to professional ethics.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Institutional constraints are the main cause of professional ethics
B.Impaired institutional ethics generally stems from the fading of professional "halos"
C.Never break the bottom line of professional ethics
D.Those who abandon the bottom line will always make excuses for themselves

d
In thousands of years of history, we have never broken the enemy, from east to west, from north to south.Although some of the enemies of that year may have integrated into the Chinese nation today, they could only be regarded as enemies at that time.We must not Modernize ancient history, otherwise our large number of famous patriots, such as Su Wu, Yue Fei, Wen Tianxiang, will be stripped of their patriotic halo and become victims of civil war.
The gist of this text is:
A.National heroes are all patriots
B.Civil war and unification are the laws of historical development
C.Patriotism in different periods is narrow
D.National heroes cannot be denied because of historical changes

c
The academic speech environment is much better now than in the past, but there is a strange cynicism among intellectuals, who dare not speak out of their own ideas, lest they offend anyone.The reason for this is that some people were afraid in the past.Some are timid, but in the academic world, if you don't tell the real problem and look at your face, you won't be able to do science or research.
The most appropriate summary of the main meaning of this text is:
A.Dare to challenge authority
B.No bones can not become academics
D.Dare to express your own thoughts to learn well
D.The academic environment is an important factor affecting academic achievement

b
After the Second World War, the administrative focus of most of the leading countries has gradually shifted to social welfare management.Their population-based management has generally formed a new system based on "demographic services." This system has not abandoned the population.However, the core goal of this kind of control is population services, the basic means of which are population services, and the form of expression is also population services.It puts controls in services, not the other way around.It is clear that population management in China's social transformation also faces similar issues.Adjustment.
The following expressions are inconsistent with the meaning of this text:
A.China's population management should establish the management purpose of population services
B.Population management and population services are two completely different models
C.Population management transformation in leading countries is the result of shifting administrative focus
D.A new system of population management to achieve population control through population services

a
The world is an organic whole made up of countless specific things and connections.According to the order of recognition, people's understanding starts with specific, individual, and limited things.However, the nature of human thinking is always not satisfied with individual aspects of specific things Or partial fragmented cognition, unwilling to stay in the state of "seeing the leopard in the tube and seeing it".People are tirelessly exploring the internal connections behind many seemingly isolated things, struggling to find the kind of nature, human society and human spirit The metaphysical thinking that the world is unified and dominates is philosophical thinking, which has never ceased since ancient times.
The most appropriate summary of the main meaning of this text is:
A.Philosophical thinking in pursuit of integrity
B.Philosophical thinking is intended to reveal the nature of things
C.Philosophical thinking is continuous
D.Philosophical thinking is led by abstract thinking

d
Under the severe impact of Chinese culture, if Buddhism cannot adapt to the real situation, it must not establish a foothold in China, so Buddhism can only make some camouflage in order to survive.In some places in the early Buddhist scriptures, the word "filial piety" was especially emphasized, which was a distortion.The original meaning is adapted to the requirements of China with a strong Gangian color culture.
The most appropriate summary of the main meaning of this text is:
A.Buddhism is a highly adaptable religion
B."filial piety" is one of the main points derived from the development of Buddhist scriptures
C.Buddhism has a deep influence on Chinese traditional culture inheritance
D.The power of traditional culture forces Buddhism to adopt a workaround in its dissemination

d
What a gentleman sees is not good, and what a villain sees is all evil.Aunt Chen, who is picking up waste, is not as complicated and scary as some people think of helping others.I don't think about whether I will be wronged before I help others, and I will find an excuse for inaction.How can it be so difficult to raise my hand? It seems that it is important to help the weak who fell Social issues.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Build a social environment that helps others
B.People with a sense of justice do not consider gains and losses when doing good deeds
C.When we need help from the weak, we should lend a helping hand
D.Lack of justice and moral crisis in today's society

b
Rawls had a confession about how to read a book, which was quite thought-provoking.He said, "I read predecessors' books, such as Hume or Kant, with the presumption that these authors are much smarter than me.If Otherwise, why should I waste my time with my students to study their works? If I occasionally see a mistake in their argument, my first reaction is: they must have seen this error themselves and dealt with it.Passed.In short, there is no simple general error in their work, and no major error.
The text is intended to show:
A.Study with skepticism
B.Reading must be humble
C.Reading is the most taboo
D.Reading can't be as good as everything

c
The government should of course accept criticism, but the basis of criticism should be facts, not rumors.For urban management, you can criticize over-authorization, or you can criticize some regions for not incorporating urban management into the system's improper law enforcement tendency.It is not a normal criticism to send some photo stories without time, place, and accurate facts.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The government should accept the people's reasonable criticism
B.Criticizing the government can only work if it follows the formal channels
C.Criticizing the government should be justified and follow the facts
D.criticize the government for not inciting the public

b
Classics will be re-read by generations, so that the culture, especially the culture that is the essence, has been inherited.Of course, some are also inherited from generation to generation, and have been sealed by centuries.Some destinies are very lonely, some are much better.In time, it has its own history, and some readers will add their own life again.The classics are not fashionable, the classics are quiet, and the classics are waiting.It must wait for a good reader to resurrect.How good the reader is, how good it can be resurrected.
The most accurate summary of the meaning of this text is:
A.Rereading classics is good for cultural heritage
B.Classical life requires readers to reshape
C.The dusty classic is more worthy of a taste
D.Classics have a different fate

a
From 1994 to 1997, fiscal revenue accounted for only a little more than 10% of GD.P.By 2011, it was close to 22%.If you consider the land transfer and other government-funded income, some experts estimate that government revenue accounts for GD.The proportion of P exceeded 30%.In the same period, the proportion of enterprises or capital income also increased significantly.One proof is that at the end of 2002, corporate deposits were 64.29847 billion yuan, which was lower than the personal deposits at the time.(The central bank's new statistical subject is "unit deposits", which has a similar caliber) rose to 42,308.661 billion yuan, an increase of 5.58 times, far exceeding the 2.68 times increase of personal deposits during the same period.
Through this text, the author wants to express the point:
A.Revenue is increasingly skewed towards government and capital
B.The government should reduce taxes appropriately
C.China's economic growth rate is relatively fast
D.Excessive government revenue can become a burden on businesses

b
Although most couples in rural areas in China have more than two children, almost all young people work in cities.Therefore, young high-quality immigrants will continue to hedge the elderly population in large cities, making the population age relatively lower or flat.The vitality of the big cities will be maintained.In some places, the support of the elderly in the countryside has become apparent, and may even become the norm.Japan's remote countryside is a lesson learned.
This text states:
A.China's population aging problem is as serious as Japan's
B.Rural may enter the age of aging earlier than the metropolis
C.Demographic conditions directly determine the development of an area
D.Population mobility will exacerbate the uneven development of urban and rural development

d
In fact, we are all successful people, because success is just a feeling, a subjective feeling of self-consciousness.If we take every step of our progress, even if it is only small progress, we regard it as a success, we all take it seriously Taste it, then happiness and joy will always be with us, and our lives will become extra rich and vivid.
Through this text, the author wants to express the point:
A.There are no absolute losers in the world
B.Successful life has few setbacks and failures
C.Success is a psychological feeling and has nothing to do with reality
D.Success can be defined by yourself, without having to look too divine

a
The ancient Greek scholar Aristotle pointed out in "Politics" that in Egypt, doctors were prescribed according to the law, and if they did not see the effect by the fourth day, he could change the medicine, but if he was anxious to change it before the fourth day He must be responsible for his own law.From the same reason, it is argued that a government ruled in accordance with written laws will not be the best government, but it must also be noted that there are still general rules in the mind of a ruler, and that the ruler who governs by emotional factors is always better than the people who affect the affairs.The law is exactly without emotions, but human nature is inevitable.
Through this text, the author wants to express the point:
A.Rule of law is better than the rule of man
B.Humanity determines politics
C.Law is a general rule that filters emotions
D.The best government does not exist

b
In the 30 years of reform and opening-up, China's urbanization process has been accelerating, the urbanization rate has increased at an average annual rate of 1%, from 17.9% in 1978 to 51.27%, and the urban population has increased from 172 million to 690 million.Despite this, and Compared with the urbanization rate of 78% in developed countries, there is still a lot of room for development.According to the annual growth rate of urbanization rate of 1%, China's urbanization rate really needs to reach the level of developed countries, and there is still a development period of about 30 years.It has positive significance in coordinating urban and rural development, changing the dual economic structure, realizing the transfer of urban and rural populations, optimizing the urban spatial layout, promoting the industrial structure, upgrading the consumption structure, and accelerating the flow and agglomeration of production factors.
The main message passed in this text is:
A.China's urbanization has a lot of room for development and has great potential
B.Urbanization is an important engine for China's economic growth in the future
C.Since the reform and opening-up, China's urbanization has developed most rapidly.
D.Urbanization is the only way to accelerate overall urban and rural development

b
On the whole, China is a country with scarce resources, which is becoming a bottleneck for China's economic and social development.China's per capita water resources, cultivated land resources, forest resources, oil, natural gas, copper and aluminum and other important mineral resources are far lower than the world Per capita level.Although China's grain production has increased for the 10th consecutive year, the supply and demand are still in tight balance.The living standards of our people are generally not rich, and there are still nearly 100 million rural poverty alleviation targets across the country, more than 20 million urban subsistence allowances, and other Many difficult groups, we have no reason to extravagantly waste.
This text is intended to explain?
A.China is a country with scarce resources
B.Realistic national conditions determine that we must be frugal
C.The living standards of our people need to be further improved
D.Energy shortage has become the bottleneck of China's economic development

a
It is always difficult for the Chinese to draw a rational line between knowledge and thought, style of writing and character, politics and academia.The judgment that is only experience and feeling is often used as an iron rule to evaluate everything.In fact, Yuan Haowen has long been He said, "Heart paintings are always distorted, and the article would rather see others as human beings." Liu Yin also said, "If words and words are discussed on the mind, there is no bound to be aggrieved."
The following points are most consistent with the original meaning?
A."The text is like one" is too arbitrary
B.Judging people by feeling is unreliable
C.Knowing, knowing, not knowing
D.Standards for understanding people should be diversified

d
In the process of deepening the reform, adjusting the distribution of benefits will inevitably touch the existing interest structure and weaken the rights and opportunities for some people to obtain benefits.This will inevitably cause a deepening of reform measures to cause a rebound and create resistance.However, the tackling period of reform, You can't get around, you can't escape, you must use the courage to brave the hard bones and the courage to get involved in the danger beach.You can not only move forward, but you can also lose all your achievements.
The gist of this text is?
A.Reform has entered a critical period
B.vested interests are an important factor hindering reform
C.The essence of reform is the redistribution of benefits
D.Deepening reforms will touch interests

a
Since humans are social animals, they cannot do anything outside of the interpersonal environment.So, in the unit of time, who can win the trust and cooperation of others as quickly as possible with the lowest cost of communication, the chance of success is naturally greater In ancient and modern China and foreign countries, those who can achieve great things often win the comprehensive qualities of communication, organization, and action.Socialized mass production in the industrial era and commercial competition in a market economy environment do not need to incorporate such "interpersonal knowledge" Runs through the behavior of each "economic man."
What does the following statement agree with the above text?
A.Communication is important for success
B.Reduce communication costs to succeed
C.Communication, organization and action can make a big deal
D.The key to gaining the trust of others is communication

b
Make the market play a decisive role in the allocation of resources.It is not to say that the market is omnipotent and can give everything to the market.It is not to think that the government can give up on the market.To better play the role of the government, it is necessary to solve the government's offside, that is Excessive intervention and improper intervention in the market; on the other hand, to resolve the absence of the government, the government must do what it needs to do well, and manage the affairs.The government "tangible hand" effectively cooperates with the market "invisible "Hand" can play a role to ensure the healthy development of the market economy.
The most accurate understanding of the subject matter of this text is?
A.The government should keep things under control
B.To properly handle the relationship between the government and the market
C.The market has a natural advantage in resource allocation
D.Government regulation is a correction of market failures

c
The data shows that there are currently less than 2,000 group-buying websites in China, and there were 10,000 in the peak period last year.However, 40% of the websites were eliminated in less than a year.Analysts believe that after two years of competition, resources are gradually in the hands of a few hands, the market concentration will further increase, and only a few websites can survive.The surviving websites will gradually pick up the right to speak, and the gross profit will gradually rise.
What does this text mainly introduce the group about buying industry?
A.Competition
B.Operational status
C.Development trends
D.Market prospects

b
For individuals and a country, human survival is the first priority to be resolved.Although environmental protection has been increasingly mentioned and concerned, it is always second to solving the problem of "eating".This is also the reason why developing countries repeatedly follow the old path of pollution first and then governance in developed countries.It is not that they do not see lessons, but that the arduous task of seeking development has made countries have to take shortcuts, prefer coal, which is cheap and reliable, and increase poverty.The living standard of the population can also promote employment as a developmental energy source.
What does this text mean?
A.Environmental protection and economic development are equally important
B.In order to survive and develop, developing countries have to deal with pollution before treatment
C.Solving food and clothing is more important than protecting the environment
D.Developing countries neglect environmental protection for development

d
When eating fish, small thorns are more troublesome than large thorns, because large thorns are easy to find, and small thorns must be worked hard to remove.As a person, small problems are more difficult to correct than large problems, because big mistakes are easily It is found that small defects must be noticed before being discovered.Although fish with small spines are often particularly delicate and delicious, many people are reluctant to eat that kind of fish because they are afraid of small spines.Although they are weird and informal, There are often special talents, but many people are reluctant to deal with these people because they hate these minor problems.
This text is intended to explain?
A.Learn how to get along with people
B.Minor faults can leave people alone
C.EQ is as important as IQ
D.Small problems can have a big impact

d
The original intention of the low-interest rate policy was to stimulate Americans to consume quickly to compensate for the shrinking demand caused by the crisis.However, after years of depreciation of savings assets, I believe that the marginal effect of the stimulus effect of low-interest rates has been reduced to almost nothing.In the beginning, another purpose of opening low-interest rates was to provide free funds to financially tight financial institutions and help the financial industry replenish capital.With zero interest rate loans, banks can invest in government bonds to obtain stable and risk-free Returns.But because of this, banks have lost their business and motivation to co-exist with the risks and benefits of providing credit to enterprises, and have not been able to help SMEs create jobs.
What is this text about?
A.Implying that low interest rate policies must be adjusted
B.Analysis of the disadvantages of implementing a low interest rate policy
C.Emphasize that banks should be encouraged to develop corporate credit business
D.Explain that the role of low interest rate policies in stimulating consumption is limited

b
Perhaps most people will think that our senses are a window to perceive the outside world.The senses of the senses are very real and accurately reflect the reality of the outside world.As everyone knows, our trusted senses will actually "deceive" us, as we perceive It may not be a reflection of the real world, various sensory perceptions, especially vision, and sometimes just brain illusions and fictions.Ron Rainsink, a psychologist at the University of British Columbia in Canada, states that "your experience is to a large extent It is the product of brain activity.The brain obtains visual information through the eyes, but this is not a direct reflection of reality.
What does this text mean?
A.Refuting widespread misperceptions about "perception"
B.Explain that what we perceive may not be the real world
C.Reveal that our trusted senses have in fact been "deceiving" us
D.Presenting the research results of psychologists at the University of British Columbia, Canada

b
"Reading is purely personal and very conscious." Reading itself is a wonderful thing.In reading, the mind can gallop consciously in various time and space, in various countries, and in books.Thinking about life, but paying too much attention to material life and despising spiritual life, just staying in the acquisition of information did not cause thinking, impetuous mentality, found the resonance of the heart of the collision of thoughts in books, but now people who are really intoxicated in reading Many, only read fragmented and superficial information from the Internet, only staying in the acquisition of information did not cause thinking, many books today, too much emphasis on pragmatism, too much emphasis on reading effects, such as "3 months to become XX, 10 days can When XX."
What does this text mean?
A.Reading requires deep thinking
B.Reading should be a spiritual enjoyment
C.Reading is a subtle process
D.Pragmatism overemphasizes the effects of reading

c
Chinese clothing was introduced and institutionalized in Japan, which should have begun in the Nara period.The Nara period in Japan coincided with the Tang Dynasty in China.Japan sent a large number of scholars and monks to study in China.Bringing it back to Japan, the "clothing order" is one of the systems made in the Nara period to imitate the Tang Dynasty, and the Hanbok has evolved from ancient to modern traditional clothing influenced by Han clothing and Mongolian clothing, and has more imitations of Ming Dynasty clothing.
What does the following statement agree with the above text?
A.The messengers sent by the Nara period in Japan were some famous monks.
B.Hanbok more imitates Chinese Han and Yuan dynasty costumes.
C.Japan introduced and institutionalized Chinese clothing from the Nara period.
D."Clothing Order" is a clothing system made in the Nara era after the Ming Dynasty.

a
There is an "elderly mode" in Redmi's mobile phone, which is an innovation forced by user feedback in the forum."The earliest we heard a lot of users complained that the elderly did not dare to use smartphones because the Android system was too complicated and left the elderly at a loss..Technical personnel focuses on the research and development of products on these issues.The current Redmi mobile phone 'elderly mode' removes all information aggregation, mainly based on a card-like interface, and arranges functions such as text messages, phone calls, news, and photos that the elderly will use.On the desktop, the response is very good."
Which of the following statements confirms the above case?
A."What the market needs should be determined by consumers, not companies."
B."Users don't know what they want until you put the product in front of them"
C."In a fully competitive market, innovation can upend everything"
D."When buying, you can use any language; but when selling, you must use the buyer's language."

a
Just over a week after the start of school, a college student who was participating in military training packed a large bag of clothes and purchased a quilt and sent it home, asked the family to help wash it, and then sent it back.This news sparked a wave of public opinion without any doubt.Noisy, like similar things in the past, the most distressed are overwhelming, and there are not a few people who criticize Chinese education on the upper line.Chinese campuses can always produce similar anecdotes.The college entrance examination and the entrance period are concentrated outbreaks and exhibition periods.Year after year, schools, children, and parents seem to be symbolized: they must be rigid and indifferent, and students must be spoiled to be "collapsed", and parents are mostly unprincipled.Symbolic thinking has greatly simplified the complexity of Chinese society and Chinese education.
What does this text mean?
A.Symbolic criticism does not help education and social progress
B.Chinese society and school education make students lack independence
C.Public opinion easily exaggerates propaganda reports on individual cases on campus
D.College students' independence is not as bad as the media say

c
PM2.5 refers to particulate matter with a diameter less than or equal to 2.5 particles in the atmosphere, also known as particulate matter that can enter the lungs.The diameter is equivalent to 1/20 of the thickness of human hair.The main sources of PM2.5 are power generation, industrial production, steam, etc.Residues from combustion during the process.Because these particles are too light to land on the ground naturally, they are suspended in the air for a long time and can directly enter the lungs through the breath and even integrate into the blood.PM2.5 has a small diameter and is in the atmosphere The residence time is long and the transportation distance is long.It contains sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, ammonium sulfate and other harmful substances, so it has a great impact on human health and the quality of the atmospheric environment.
According to the above text, what is incorrect in the following list?
A.As long as the residues released by various combustion are controlled, PM2.5 can be effectively reduced
B.PM2.5 can be suspended in the air for a long time
C.As long as PM2.5 can land on the ground, it can avoid its damage
D.PM2.5 will directly bring harmful substances such as sulfur dioxide into the human body and affect health

b
The rise of Napoleon in France greatly shocked the royal families of various European countries.They regarded the French Revolution as a beast of fierceness and disdain to talk with political upstarts from Napoleon-like origins.In 1800, the second anti-French composed of Britain, Russia, Austria and other countries The alliance fought against Napoleon.Napoleon led 20,000 troops and horses, unexpectedly crossed the guts of the border between France and Italy, entered Italy, and defeated the Austrian army.At the same time, Napoleon gave his courteous service to Tsar Paul I, causing him to withdraw from the anti-French The alliance eventually isolated Britain, and in the end, it was necessary to sign the Amiens Peace Treaty with France, recognizing the territory occupied by Napoleon in Europe.
What does this passage mean?
A.Royal families in European countries are very afraid of Napoleon's rise in France
B.Napoleon is a man with extraordinary military talent and diplomatic skills
C.Britain, Russia, Austria and other countries finally recognize the territory occupied by Napoleon in Europe
D.Napoleon defeated the Second Anti-French Alliance with a war-fighting army

d
Studies have found that long-term consumption of nuts such as walnuts can improve some brain function-related indicators, and it is not the same as the "brain-buying" function of walnuts that people expect.Until now, there is no direct research evidence that eating walnuts After that, you can improve people's IQ or test scores in a short period of time.Moreover, most people's intelligence will reach its peak around the age of 20 ~ 30, and then it will be difficult to improve.The correct diet includes the daily intake of a small number of nuts such as walnuts.It really helps to delay the aging process of the brain and reduce the risk of diseases including stroke.But the effect of "reacting quickly, remembering, and running up" is just ours A beautiful imagination.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.Long-term consumption of walnuts does not improve indicators related to brain function
B.Eating walnuts can improve people's IQ or test results in the short term
C.Eating walnuts makes most people reach their peak in their 20s and 30s
D.Daily intake of moderate amounts of walnuts is beneficial to delay the brain aging process

c
The electromagnetic radiation generated in nature is also called the background radiation of environmental electromagnetic waves.Background radiation has no adverse effect on the human living environment."Sunlight is also electromagnetic radiation.For billions of years we have relied on sunlight to survive until now."However, the electromagnetic waves emitted by another type of electromagnetic radiation source will have adverse effects on the environment and cause harm to human health.Data show that sources of electromagnetic radiation pollution in the environment include human inventions, manufactures and uses that can generate radiated electromagnetic waves.All electronic instruments, devices and equipment.This type of electromagnetic radiation source is called an electromagnetic radiation pollution source.
What does the following statement inconsistent with the original?
A.Sun radiation is a type of background radiation
B.Radar is a pollutant of electromagnetic radiation
C.Electromagnetic waves will not cause harm to humans
D.Background radiation has no adverse effects on the environment

b
Vitamin C.Also known as ascorbic acid, is a water-soluble vitamin, the solution is acidic.Medical research shows that under bad moods, humans will produce excessive oxygen free radicals, damage cells and tissues, cause skin loss of elasticity, and wrinkles.Vitamin C.reacts with oxygen free radicals, thereby eliminating free radicals, which can effectively prevent skin aging.So, how does Vitamin C.whiten the skin? It turned out that the color of the skin mainly depends on the amount of melanin in the skin.Inhibition of tyrosinase synthesis is one of the keys to whitening, and vitamin C.It can inhibit the activity of this enzyme, block melanin production, and can form the formed Melanin is reduced to a colorless melanin precursor.
What does the following statement inconsistent with the original?
A.Vitamin C.Can prevent skin aging
B.Tyrosinase synthesis can whiten skin
C.Vitamin C.Can block melanin production
D.Bad emotions can cause wrinkles

b
Domestic dogs are good friends of humans.Despite the great differences between them, these different groups of domestic dogs have a common ancestor-the gray wolf.Grey wolves are widely distributed around the world, but domestic dogs from different places are not from different places.The gray wolf evolved.Starting from the genome D.NA.comparing the genetic diversity of domestic dog populations from different regions, the researchers found that domestic dog populations from southern East Asia have the highest diversity.At the same time, the phylogenetic tree The structure also supports the above conclusions.On the phylogenetic tree, the end of each branch represents a group, and the more closely related groups will also be closer to the tree.Domestic dog samples from southern East Asia are all located in the Phylogenetic tree base location.
What does this text mean?
A.Domestic dogs originate from the very widely distributed gray wolf
B.Domestic dogs of different temperaments and shapes have a common origin
C.Phylogenetic tree principle provides support for animal evolution research
Research on D.genome D.NA.Fundamentally solves the problem of domestic dog origin

a
As a large information platform, a melting pot of culture, the Internet has an important influence on the way of knowledge, thinking, and values of hundreds of millions of netizens.The Internet's dissemination advantages and public opinion functions provide information exchange, cultural prosperity, and social consensus.Brand-new channels and means.However, the Internet is not a paradise.Without the rule of law and morals, Internet rumors, online scams, online traps, etc.will prevail, and the majority of Internet users, especially young people, maybe deeply affected.More than 700 million people across the country must definitely go online Construction and management.To this end, we must strengthen the construction of online content, strengthen online positive publicity, and cultivate a positive and healthy online culture.
What's the most appropriate summary of this text?
A.The network is a double-edged sword and needs to be strengthened in management
B.Cybercrime rampant, need to strengthen legal constraints
C.The Internet promotes both communication and cybercrime
D.Network use needs to be guided to promote strengths and avoid weaknesses

d
Plants may be underestimated.Not only do they remember when they were touched, but research has shown that they can make risky decisions that are comparable to humans without the help of the brain or complex nervous system.Pots--one with constant nutrient content and the other with a variable nutrient content--if the nutritional conditions are poor enough, plants will favor the mysterious flower pot.Perhaps, this can better explain why people who gamble lose money Will continue to bet, why do birds look for food on cold nights even if they don't know what to find, instead of staying somewhere to keep a certain amount of food but not enough to eat.
What does the above text mean?
A.Plants know how to take risks in crisis and strive to survive
B.Plants can make risky decisions of any complexity comparable to humans
C.Let it go in bad conditions, hoping for vitality may be the instinct of all organisms
D.Abandoning the known, certain, choosing the unknown, mysterious, is the universal choice of the organism

d
In recent years, China has implemented a series of reforms to create an institutional environment for "double innovation".The rise of the "New Fourth Army" of college students, returnees, large corporate executives and serial entrepreneurs, and scientific and technological personnel can be regarded as the entrepreneurial subject from the elite.A strong signal to the public.However, because the mechanism is not perfect, some laws, regulations, and policies are contradictory, and there are still many obstacles to the final realization of human value.If the value of people is not fully guaranteed, The release of the talents of innovative entrepreneurs is bound to be affected, many technological achievements may rot in the drawer, and many technological companies may die because of lack of innovation.
What does this passage mean?
A.Reform should create an institutional environment for "double innovation"
B.Entrepreneurs will move from elite to mass
C.Mechanisms hinder the human value
D.Protecting human value is a prerequisite for "double innovation"

b
The moon is the only natural satellite on Earth and the only extraterrestrial planet that humans can currently reach.In addition to artificial satellites, using this natural satellite to carry out remote sensing observations of the earth has many advantages and irreplaceability.The moon has a large surface area For any artificial satellite, remote sensors are placed on the moon, regardless of load, size, weight, etc., and many different types of remote sensors can be placed at the same time, forming the ability of active and passive, full-band synchronous observation.Scientific phenomena-global environmental changes, land-sea-air interactions, plate tectonics and solid tide, tripolar comparative studies, etc.will have a deep understanding, and it is possible to observe previously unknown scientific phenomena.
What is the most accurate summary of the above text?
A.The moon is more suitable for remote sensors than artificial satellites
B.Moon-to-Earth observation has a natural comprehensive advantage
C.The moon is expected to revolutionize space-to-Earth observations
D.The moon opens up new directions in Earth observation science and technology

c
When various cultures in the 20th century were in crisis and perplexity, scholars often turned back to explore the origins and cultural resources of different civilizations, and through global comparison and dialogue, to find the future direction and path of development.At this time, the authoritative discourse of music China s mainstream status has also begun to give way to dialogue.The prerequisite for achieving dialogue is the value of equality.Under this condition, Chinese and Western music can have a dialogue.Otherwise, we only have the right to be obedient, and we are not qualified to speak and dialogue.Therefore, The Chinese music tradition is not based on the materials, music libraries, raw materials, etc.provided for professional music creation to carry out its value positioning, but is based on the current comparative study of Chinese and Western and Eastern and Western music culture.
What is the most accurate summary of the above text?
A.Approaches to the cultural crisis through comparison and dialogue
B.The premise of dialogue between Chinese and Western music is the equality of values
C.Explore how to value the tradition of Chinese music
D.Equal dialogue to get rid of the plight of the Chinese music tradition

c
How did the fall of China s FA.ST (500-meter Spherical Radio Telescope) main body cause enthusiasm at home and abroad? There are three reasons.One is to look far.As the largest radio telescope at present, FA.ST can theoretically receive electromagnetic signals beyond 13.7 billion light years.The second is very flexible.The cable network structure of FA.ST can follow The movement of celestial bodies greatly improves observation efficiency.The third is of high accuracy.The structure of FA.ST is full of millimeter-level accuracy requirements: it is used to weave steel wire arm-thick steel cables, and the processing accuracy is controlled to 1 millimeter.Within; the final antenna accuracy is 3 mm, and the manufacturing accuracy of the small panel is 1.5 mm.All this means that we will be able to listen to sounds from deeper in the universe and observe the more hidden mysteries of the universe.
What is the best title for this text?
A.Warm attention to China's FA.ST at home and abroad
B.Approaching China FA.ST and deep into the universe
C.China's FA.ST has three advantages
D.Listen to the sounds from deep in the universe together

a
Mr.Tao Xingzhi once said sincerely, "You have Watts under your pointer, you have Newton in your cold eyes, and Edison in your ridicule." An indifferent look, mean words, and unfair treatment, may affect the life of a child.Without the charity of Ledgers, the untiring patience, and the unwillingness to teach without class, then such education has no temperature.As some education professionals have urged, many teachers are not short of Knowledge is not lacking in methods.What is lacking is love and what is lacking is responsibility.Today's education requires more than ever before returning to the person itself, and related to the growth of people.
The author believes that the main problems in current education are:
A.No people
B.No teaching
C.The method is simple and rude
D.Deficiencies in equity

d
China is one of the earliest and most widely used fish countries in the world.The oracle inscriptions unearthed in Yin Ruins have "fish" -shaped characters, and there are more "fish" -shaped characters in bronze inscriptions."Is the earliest ancient book identified by the people of our country.It records more than 20 kinds of fishes such as cormorants.From the" Shen Nong's Materia Medica "by Tao Hongjing of the Liang Dynasty in the Southern Dynasty to" The Materia Medica "by Wu Yiluo in the late Qing Dynasty, many" "Compendium of Materia Medica" records in more detail the knowledge of fish morphology, ecology, distribution, food and medicine.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Ancient Documents Recording Fish
B.History of fish culture in China
C.The way the ancients used fish
D.Evolution of the word "fish"

c
The long-term absence of employee family welfare policies, although it brings obvious advantages such as reduced costs and increased production to enterprises, but it is obviously not a reasonable career plan for employees to abandon young children and elderly parents.Some economies Scientists believe that the lack of family welfare policies actually reflects the imbalance of rights between businesses and employees in the U.S.economy.The share of economic output flowing into the company's profits has soared, while employee compensation has stagnated, which is bound to Leading the United States to a dilemma of brain drain.
The text is intended to:
A.Reveal the contradiction between personal career planning and the status quo
B.Point out the unequal rights of U.S.businesses and employees
C.Reveal the underlying causes of brain drain in the U.S.
D.Emphasize the adverse effects of the lack of US family welfare policies

b
The culture of any country is national and cosmopolitan, but in the development process, the emphasis may be different, and the consequences are different: too much emphasis on the nationality of culture may disassociate national culture from world culture.In addition, if too much emphasis is placed on the cosmopolitan nature of culture, national culture may lose its national characteristics.From the actual situation of cultural development, in order to establish the status of each country's culture on the world stage, it must highlight the nationality of culture.A culture that has lost its national identity cannot have much influence.However, not any adherence to a nationality will lead to cosmopolitanism.A culture can only have its vitality and vitality if it reflects the pulse of the times, reflects the spirit of the times, and responds to the voice of the times.Will have a worldwide impact.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The more national, the more global
B.How to understand the national and cosmopolitan relationship of culture
C.What kind of culture can be universal
D.Nationality cannot be replaced by the universality of culture

b
When encountering something we are familiar with, the brain searches in the "registry".When a matching template is found, the brain no longer bothers about the details of the thing in front of it, but directly reports to the lower-level perception system that "this is the face "Next question", this is the "top-down" processing.When faced with new things, the brain cannot recognize the existing template, so it has to carefully process the things in front of it, and then combine the details, This constitutes the perception of new things.This is the "bottom-up" processing, which is more time-consuming and labor-intensive.Finally, the brain stores new things in the "registry" so that it can save time and effort in the "top" "Down" processing.
This text mainly states:
A.The brain analyzes new things based on existing templates
B.The brain has two distinct ways of processing information
C.The brain is more inclined to process information "top-down"
D.Familiarity with things affects people's visual perception

b
In the era of Qi Xionggong and Guan Zhong, "Xia" was keeping promises.You are good to me.As long as you speak, I will help you.Later, the Han Dynasty warriors Zhu Jia, Guo Jie, etc.in "The Ranger Biography", In the definition of "Xia", there is another layer of meaning, which is to share the wealth to the poor.In modern society, the popularity of some martial arts novels and film and television dramas has created a blurred social background and deified some martial arts skills.Let us stay away from "Xia".In fact, as long as we can see the uneven road and help each other, it is "Xia".
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.People's understanding of "Xia" is different at different times
B.As long as the meaning of "Xia" is met, people in today's society are also "Xia"
C.The popularity of martial arts novels, film and television dramas distorted the image of "xia"
D.Today's "Xia" is more heroic than the ancient "Xia"

a
How did the ancient sages influence scientists with disruptive innovations such as Einstein? On the surface, these ancients had innocent and erroneous cognition of physics and the entire field of science, and knew almost nothing about science.However, they asked a lot of fundamental questions and had serious discussions.If contemporary scientists want to get rid of the constraints of conventional thinking, these ancient sages will be a source of inspiration: they are subversive and at the same time childish in pursuit of the forefront of knowledge.The problem will guide people into Xinjiang.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Ancient sages' knowledge of the nature of science is still inspiring to this day
B.Contemporary scientific research is a bold exploration based on previous achievements
C.Science must advance on the basis of discarding ancient sage ideas
D.Ancient philosophical ideas provided a boost for scientific and innovative research

d
Sociologist Fei Xiaotong used the "differential order pattern" to describe the ethical structure of traditional Chinese society, and believed that the biggest problem in this structure was "private." But traditional Chinese society does have what Liang Shuming calls the "ethical standard." The advantages of "emphasizing each other".The reason why the traditional "different order pattern" in China is trapped in "private" is not the original meaning of "benevolent" advocated by Confucianism, but because of the historical limitation of "dividing the differences" Or the limitation caused by cognition.In modern society, the organic combination of filial piety and fraternity, individual and society, emotion and reason, morality and the rule of law requires creative interpretation and innovative development of the Confucian kindness.
The gist of this text is:
A.The ethical structure of "different order pattern" in traditional society ignores the original meaning of "benefits"
B.The limitations of "different cover" lead to the malady of traditional Chinese ethics "private"
C.The ethical structure of traditional society blends the spiritual core of "private" and "benevolent"
D.Confucian benevolence should be integrated with modern values

a
Charity is a choice based on the glory of human nature.This glory of human nature is always reflected from the inside out, from the near and the far.The "Filial Scripture" says, "Those who do not love their relatives but love others are contrary Virtue "; Western proverbs also say that" charity starts with the family ".Life can have" poem and distance ", but charity should not have" light under the black."Begin to understand charity from the people around you and practice from what you can do Charity, the implementation of compassion and good deeds into daily life, make it a kind of expression of love, a social responsibility, a way of life for citizens, which is the meaning of charity.Charity as a manifestation of a person's conscience, The most valuable value lies not only in doing something big, but also in the little things that fill you.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Charity should start with the little things around
B.Charity is a civilized way of life
C.Chinese and Western Philosophy
D.Charity is often mentioned in Chinese and foreign classics

c
Earthworms play multiple roles in the ecosystem, both as "consumers" and "creators".It feeds on soil substances through activities such as feeding, digestion, excretion (earthworm dung), secretion (mucus) and burrowing.Contributions to circulation and energy transfer can have an important impact on multiple processes that determine soil fertility.It is known as the "Ecosystem Engineer" and is also considered the "first worker" on earth.Everything it does in the soil The activities are all "transformation" of the soil environment, and its life activities are essential in the small cycle of soil material biology.
The most likely next paragraph of this text is:
A.Ecosystem cyclic processes
B.Factors affecting soil fertility
C.Soil modification by earthworms
D.Living habits of earthworms

b
"Virtual Community" uses many metaphors to illustrate that we humans may live in an online world that is completely different from the offline world.When talking about the social attributes of the Internet, we often have such doubts about whether online interactions will occur.Affects offline communication.If it appears online too much, will it become isolated from everyone offline.Especially to mention here is that I oppose digital dualism.What we have now is atom and bit Hybrid, they collectively enhance our sense of reality.Especially when we come to the era of mobile internet and use many applications, we will blur the boundaries between online and offline.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Online and offline are two different worlds
B.The argument of online and offline interactions is meaningless
C.Excessive online communication can cause people to be isolated from each other
D.The online and offline worlds are increasingly connected

b
Take the United Kingdom as an example.According to the statistics of the National Council of Voluntary Organizations in the United Kingdom, due to the impact of fiscal austerity, the government's funding for charities in 2012 decreased by 1.3 billion pounds, which is 8% lower than the previous year.Organizations have to deal with the financial dilemma with a more "enterprise-oriented" management model.In terms of open source, it is mainly to broaden financing channels, such as launching charitable transaction activities such as house leasing, training courses, and charity shops; in terms of throttling, The main measure is to strengthen the internal management of the organization.Therefore, although the European economic environment is not good, the survey data said that the operating income of charities in the UK from 2011 to 2012 was still 21.3 billion pounds.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Charitable organizations should reduce dependence on government
B.Charitable organizations should continuously improve their management models
C.Open source and throttling are integral to charity management
D.The economic situation has a greater impact on the development of charitable organizations

d
Since the sealed test papers are so fair to the "gaokao", why are Fan Zhongyan, Su Song and others opposed? Their views are exactly the same, that is, the sealing of the "gaokao" papers only depends on the quality of the test papers, not on the virtues of ordinary times.How similar are some people's views.However, just as Bao Zheng refuted Fan Zhongyan: a person's actual virtue is difficult to verify, not to mention that the examiner may not be able to obtain people with open heart, they "because of their elegance, or hold hands love and hate It is very easy to do unfair things.It is easy to do unfair things.If you want to maintain the "high school" means of "college entrance examination" and seal the "college entrance examination" paper, it is still imperative.
Through this text, what the author wants to express is:
A.There are unavoidable shortcomings in the seal system of the college entrance examination
B.The selection of talents should focus on the inspection of morality
C.Imperial Examiners often have difficulty achieving fairness
D.Relatively speaking, the sealing of the "College Entrance Examination" test paper is a more reasonable system.

a
In China, the concept of "ordinary art" is a relatively new concept.This concept is derived from the concept of "native art" proposed by French artist Jean Dubuffet, and refers to those who have mental illness completely without external interference.Unconscious creation.This kind of creation has attracted people's attention due to its purity and a high degree of autonomy.Later, the concept was derived and covered a wider range, meaning that it has no systematic professional training in art and comes from mainstream art circles.The creation of ordinary people outside.Their works have "wild" characteristics, showing different artistic talents.
This text mainly introduces "People's Art":
A.Origin and evolution of concepts
B.Similarities and differences in Chinese and Western contexts
C.Widely accepted foundation
D.Requirements for creators' artistic literacy

c
In the 21st century, the rapid development of new energy will surely become a consensus.However, in the long run, the clean technology route to address human energy needs may not be the current dominant models.The development of new energy Progress with new technologies still requires sufficient funding.In recent years, some new energy technology routes have been suppressed by cost factors.Therefore, government subsidies are needed to support their initial development.
This text is most likely to discuss:
A.Should we explore new energy technology routes?
B.Does the new energy technology route need to be adjusted?
C.Whether new energy subsidies should be cancelled at this stage
D.Should the management of the new energy market be strengthened?

b
A reliable consumer evaluation system originates from the consumer market of the commercial society.Only with sufficient competition can a market with comprehensive information have an objective and diverse evaluation voice.In fact, a completely ideal evaluation system does not exist because no market platform can solve word of mouth.The retention of evaluation information during the dissemination process makes evaluation information even more inaccessible.However, the Internet has made it possible to establish an open, adequate, and diverse evaluation system.Buyers, sellers, and buyers who do not know each other during the transaction process are basically based on themselves.Real experience.And the appearance of a large number of real evaluations will in turn prompt sellers to improve product quality and competitiveness.Buyers who feel the power of word of mouth will also cherish their evaluation rights, and eventually form a large-scale, authentic and open, can Query evaluation data.
The text is intended to explain:
A.An open market environment is a prerequisite for the healthy development of business
B.The Internet helps build a reliable consumer evaluation system
C.Objective and diverse consumption evaluation can promote the development of the consumer market
D.It is easier for consumers to buy satisfactory products on the Internet platform

d
The phenomenon of "cashless society" attracts people's attention, mainly due to the rapid development of mobile payment in recent years, covering people's clothing, food, and shelter, and spreading to the corners of cities and towns, causing some people to change the habit of using cash.Actively promote " The construction of a cashless society has far-reaching significance: first, it will help lower the threshold of financial services and better promote economic development; second, it will help reduce and reduce the use of cash and management costs, and reduce the cost of currency issuance, Accelerate the flow of funds; Third, it helps to establish a credibility system to identify, prevent and combat various types of illegal and criminal activities related to cash transactions, bribery, and bribery, and effectively curb corruption.
Which quality does the text does not mention about "cashless society"?
A.Benefits to the financial industry
B.Reasons for concern
C.Relationship with currency issuance
D.Impact on relationships

c
Sui Dynasty Calligraphy, as a turning point in the transition of Calligraphy from the Southern and Northern Dynasties to the Calligraphy of the Early Tang Dynasty, has played a leading and directional role in the development of the Calligraphy of the Early Tang Dynasty.On the whole, the calligraphy of the Sui Dynasty gradually abandoned the sloppy tendency and boldness of the calligraphy of the North Dynasty.With the pen, I have absorbed the round and gentle features of the style of the Southern Dynasties, and formed a unique "Sui Kai" style.Although it lasted for a short time, and has few circulated works, it has a distinctive personality, and has become an important node and sample to understand the development process of the regular script style today..
The most appropriate summary of the text is:
A.The regular script is the most outstanding achievement type of Sui Dynasty calligraphy
B.The development of calligraphy in the early Tang Dynasty was directly influenced by calligraphy in the Sui Dynasty
C.Sui Dynasty calligraphy has an important position in the history of calligraphy
D.The mellowness and gentleness of calligraphy became a distinctive feature of calligraphy after the Sui Dynasty

d
The premise of all this is that the local products and souvenirs of tourist destinations can meet the needs of tourists, and they can win the trust of tourists with excellent quality and service.Although more and more places now have their own national geographic certification Products can be directly converted into tourist souvenirs or local products on the shopping list of tourists, but due to management and other issues, the quality of the products is uneven, and even fake and shoddy products are rampant, which greatly suppresses tourists' purchase desires and damages local tourism.The image and reputation of the market.
"All of this" in the text most likely refers to:
A.Tour guides gain the trust and love of tourists
B.Local tourism administrations need to simplify administration and decentralization, and open markets
C.Merchants selling travel souvenirs and local products can make a profit
D.Tourists are willing to spend money on their favorite souvenirs and souvenirs

d
The genes responsible for the basic elements of durian taste are the volatiles of sulfur compounds, which are activated during the maturity of durian, such as diallyl trisulfide.These sulfur compounds have a pungent taste, but also contain this There are also onions, garlic, leeks, etc.It is not difficult to understand that a considerable number of people cannot tolerate the "odor" of durian.However, the peel and pulp of durian also contain abundant ester compounds.These compounds will makes the durian chew delicious and has a mixed fruit flavor.
The text is intended to:
A.Explain the chemical principle of durian smell
B.Introduction of chemicals in durian and their nutritional value
C.Emphasize that the pungent smell of durian is harmless to the human body
D.Explain why durian smells pungent but tastes fragrant

a
In the ancient Roman empire, when the ancient Romans were no longer the supreme ethnic group, the control of the empire was transferred to a group composed of multinational elites, and the Illyrians, Gauls, and Carthages continued to inherit and carry forward ancient Rome.Culture; in the Islamic empire, when Arabs lost control of the Islamic world, Egyptians, Iranians, and Berbers continued to promote Muslim culture; for European imperialism, when Europeans lost control of the world It is self-evident that the fusion and penetration of Western cultures into Indians and Africans.
The main meaning of this text is:
A.When the founders of the empire lose their dominance, the culture they created will still be inherited
B.Cultural ideas transmitted by the ruling elite of the empire are often universal and inclusive
C.Cultural diversity enables empires to incorporate different races within a single political framework
D.Empire's dominance over different ethnic groups and races is mainly reflected in cultural control

a
In ancient Egypt, the style of characters was always sacred, whether in flat or three-dimensional works, because when sculpting or depicting characters, the creator used standard geometric lattice to determine the rigor of the work.Byzantine art creation In practice, another unique measurement system is adopted, which is the "Byzantine concentric circle diagram method".Three concentric circles form a halo.This is a mathematical measurement system.A fixed two-legged compass is used.Assemble each character on the screen.This "structural" use makes the work flexible and vivid.In short, whether it is the use of geometric lattices or the Byzantine concentric circle diagram method, it has mathematical principles.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Art creation is closely related to mathematics
B.Art and mathematics have a long history
C.Painting techniques have different characteristics in different times
D.Advances in mathematics have promoted the development of painting techniques

b
Traditional craftsmanship is created in folk life, whether it is for the purpose of avoiding disadvantages, the decoration of welcoming the blessings, or the daily objects of home.Traditional craftsmanship is integrated into daily life and is everywhere.Today, life changes from tradition to modernity, life.There have been no small changes in the way, but we still need to inherit such art and wisdom of life, revive the creativity of crafts culture, and create the beauty of life.In the context of the global integration of modern economy, culture needs national identity, not because of The change of lifestyle has abandoned the genes of culture and lost the memory of the nation, especially the "craftsmanship spirit" contained in traditional crafts is a valuable spiritual treasure in our national culture.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A."The beauty of life"
B."Spirit of Craftsmanship" cannot be lost
C.The way to pass on traditional crafts
D.Life aesthetics of traditional crafts

a
The researchers found that compared with living trees, the stem structure and growth methods of ancient branches and ferns are significantly different.Among common living trees, the tissue vascular bundles that play a supporting and transporting role often appear as a single whole.It continuously thickens the stems of trees and produces annual rings through continuous secondary growth.In the Devonian era, there are at least dozens of vascular bundle systems that are independent and intertwined into a network.It is generally cylindrical, and forms a three-dimensional grid system with other grooming issues.In this grid system consisting of vascular bundles, every single vascular bundle can grow thickly, generating growth wheels, and at the same time splitting each other , Proliferation, and continuously expand the vascular bundle system, so as to achieve the overall thickening of the plant.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.Demystifying how ancient plants grew
B.The long evolutionary process of trees
C.Teach you how to look at the age of trees
D.Identifying Branch Ferns at a Glance

b
Today, with more and more professional divisions, the literature read by each scholar is increasingly limited, and there will always be blind spots in the eyesight of reviewers.Using technical means to detect the originality of a paper is not only necessary and efficient, it also provides a measure of the academic level of the paper.Effective reference.However, the disadvantages of too much reliance on "checking the weight" are also obvious.The quality of the paper is not determined by the repetition rate, and the "repetition rate" and "originality" are not a simple correspondence.Existing papers The principle of the detection system is basically the same.After the paper is decomposed, it is tested for matching with the content in the resource library.The so-called "repeat rate" is based on the same text.However, in most papers, The same amount of text has different values for academic innovation.
The text is intended to:
A.Analysis of the relationship between originality and academic innovation
B.Explain the limitations of over-reliance
C.Introduce the current status of technical papers
D.Explain the scientific principles of the thesis detection system

c
Blockchain is an accounting system for distributed storage of information.Its biggest feature is that it can establish trust relationships without relying on the trust endorsement of the central platform in a network environment without a trust foundation.Its practical application begins with Bitcoin as a virtual currency.However, the application of blockchain technology is not limited to virtual currencies.At present, in the fields of financial supervision, data sharing, connected cars, etc., in Internet finance, banking, insurance, supply chain finance, clearing and settlement centers, etc.Blockchain technology has a certain degree of application.If at this time only the blockchain is equated with virtual currency and used for hype, it is either biased in understanding or intentionally distorted for hype.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Blockchain helps build a social credit management system
B.Blockchain technology has been widely used in the market
C.It is wrong to equate blockchain technology with virtual currency
D.The potential value of blockchain technology needs to be further explored

d
A scientist used a glass plate to separate the big shark from the small fish.The big shark tried to prey on the small fish but repeatedly hit the glass partition; after a period of time, it quietly removed the partition, but the big shark stopped attacking the small fish.
This text is most likely to tell next:
A.Different races can live in harmony
B.Following the old, will only fail to taste repeatedly
C.Solidified experience has little effect on our thinking
D.Adapting to the new environment and grasping new opportunities require new thinking

d
At present, the integration models represented by "cultural technology", "cultural finance" and "cultural creativity" have been widely used."Cultural technology" mainly promotes the transformation and application of high-tech achievements to the cultural field and strengthens the role of culture in the information industry.Content support and creative enhancement."Cultural Finance" focuses on guiding various social capital to invest in the cultural field, using the Internet financial model, and exerting the role of financial innovation in stimulating cultural consumption."Cultural creativity" is more based on culture as a resource Using creativity as a means and industry as the goal, develop cultural and creative industries while achieving deep integration with other industries.
From a macro perspective, which of the above three contents belong to one of the "cultural" convergence trends:
A.Cross-platform integration
B.Cross-industry integration
C.Cross-path fusion
D.Cross-factor fusion

d
More than half of the people requested that meaningful and creative online vocabulary be included in the dictionary, which represents the affirmation and emphasis on online vocabulary.But today, is it important to value online vocabulary by including it in the dictionary? After all, relative Compared with traditional vocabulary's changing speed and path, online vocabulary is very different.For example, many online vocabulary may be forgotten after a while; for example, new words in traditional Chinese are generally added to the dictionary by selection.Acknowledgment is gradually being promoted and used, however, web words are more derived from spontaneous growth.
The text is intended to explain:
A.We need to be open to online vocabulary
B.Online vocabulary has no vitality compared to traditional vocabulary
C.It is necessary to include certain online words in the dictionary
D.It does not matter whether the web vocabulary is included in the dictionary

b
The smog in various parts of China is, in a general aspect, the product of pollution emissions from various sources through a series of chemical and physical processes, here there is both primary emissions and secondary chemical transformations and physical processes.From south to north The situation is very complicated.The current general situation is different from that in London and Los Angeles.Some scholars have said that the situation in Beijing is a composite of "London-type" and "Los Angeles-type".In fact, things are definitely not A "composite type" that can be summarized.It is also worrying that from the top to the bottom, coal combustion is considered to be the root cause of problems in various provinces and regions.It seems that after the city's gasification is realized, the problem can be greatly solved.In fact, our Emissions or the substances produced in the secondary process are by no means just a sulfur dioxide or a nitrogen oxide compound.
The most appropriate summary of this text is:
A.Main characteristics of smog formation
B.The causes of haze formation are complex
C.Diversity of smog types
D.Haze hazards are universal

a
In the era of screen-reading, from the perspective of advocating more reading and more writing of Chinese characters, "Chinese character dictation" is undoubtedly a good thing.But once it is excessive, good things can become bad things.For example, the competition focuses on indifferent words.Memories showed "Chinese-style education" in the competition.Even the father of Chinese Pinyin, Mr.Zhou Youguang also believes that the number of common Chinese characters is now increased to more than 8,000, which is a bit too much.Lenovo has not stopped in recent years.After the dispute oversimplified and simplified Chinese characters and the introduction of reform plans for the middle and high school entrance examinations, it is not difficult to find that every one's attention to Chinese characters is getting deeper and deeper, and people's mother tongue level and enthusiasm for learning their mother tongue are constantly increasing.
From this text, it can be seen that the author's attitude is:
A.Chinese Character Dictation Competition in the New Era Should be Moderately Properly Guided to the Right
B.Chinese Character Dictation in the Screen-Reading Age Speeds Up the Reform of Language Education
C.Too many dictations of Chinese characters will cause people to worry about writing and forgetting
D.Chinese-style education and strengthening memory are necessary means of Chinese education

d
Taste cells that can sense taste are scattered on the surface of the tongue, throat, deep palate, and other places called soft palate.After taste cells sense the taste molecules, they first send information to the arcuate nucleus of the medulla through the taste nerve.The received taste information is transmitted to the primary taste cortex of the brain to analyze the intensity and properties of the taste.Subsequently, the taste information is combined with information from the sense of smell, touch, and taste.At this point, we have formed a food taste Impressions: In the amygdala (attached to the end of the hippocampus, it is amygdala and is part of the limbic system), we will form an emotional judgment of food, the hypothalamus will secrete appetite hormones, and the hippocampus will form our taste for taste memory.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The hippocampus is the key to our memory of taste
B.Taste cells spread widely so that we effectively recognize the taste
C.Primary taste cortex of the brain is the key to information integration
D.It is not the tongue but the brain that helps us understand the taste

d
Black holes are the most ominous predictions of Einstein's general theory of relativity: excessive concentration of matter or energy in one place will eventually cause space to collapse, swallowing everything like a magician's coat, and everything can't escape.Until Hawking 40 years ago, Hawking The Ph.D.claims to subvert a black hole-or perhaps to completely overthrow it.His equation says that black holes don't last forever.After a period of time, they will "bleed" and then explode into radiation and particles.But there is one obstacle: according to Hawking It is estimated that the radiation emitted when the black hole collapses is random, and most of the "information" of everything falling into it will be erased.This violates a principle of modern physics: time can be reversed, and black holes occur Passed things can be rebuilt.
The gist of this text is:
A.Hawking found a clue to escape the black hole
B.Black holes will eventually "leak" and then explode into radiation and particles
C.Hawking's findings completely overturn predictions about black holes
D.Hawking breaks the black hole's perpetual prediction but presents new challenges

d
Researchers wrapped an artificial polymer called amino esters around E.coli to form a "cell capsule." They then inserted it into a protein vaccine against pneumococcus.Experiments have shown that the capsule can be passive or active It targets a special immune cell that can boost the body's immune response and has a strong ability to fight pneumococcal disease.Researchers have pointed out that this capsule vaccine is low cost and easy to use, and delivering the vaccine with this capsule can trigger specific immunity The response is more efficient and effective than existing vaccination.
According to this text, the following statements are true:
A."Bacteria capsule" core is amino ester artificial synthetic polymer
B.Harmless E.coli can boost the body's immune response
C."Bacteria capsules" have outstanding effects on the treatment of lung diseases
D."Bacteria capsules" or become a new vaccine delivery tool

b
The whole society must form a "firewall" that resists bad online information.Online cultural products are directly facing the public.Whether the operator is operating illegally, the audience knows first and has the most say.The supervision of the online cultural industry depends on the masses and mobilizes them.The people's reporting system should be improved, and a strict social supervision network should be established to prevent illegal activities in the development of the online cultural industry from hiding; guide and educate the majority of Internet users to enhance their identification ability, and keep a clear head in the face of various online cultural products and not be deceived Don't go astray; help netizens improve their moral culture, build a copper wall and iron wall ideologically, and consciously resist bad information transmitted through the Internet.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.To supervise the network culture industry, a supervision network must be established
B.Supervision of the online cultural industry depends on the strength of the masses
C.Operators of online culture industry must consciously resist bad information
D.Operators of the online cultural industry must actively accept mass supervision

c
A survey report in 2017 showed that more than 80% of households believe that reading is an important way for children to understand the world and acquire knowledge, and more than 60% believe that reading is of great significance for children to develop love and study habits and develop a healthy personality.In actual life Over 30% of the children in the interviewed households are able to read daily, and over 60% of the children read between half an hour and 1 hour.However, only 30% of the parents often accompany their children to read, nearly 60% Families let their children read by themselves.Interestingly, although parents themselves have been occupied by mobile phones, computers, and televisions for too much time, some parents hope to use reading to squeeze their children's time to play electronic products and watch TV.
The following options are best for text titles:
A."Chinese parents highly appreciate the value of reading for their children's growth"
B."Put down your mobile phone to accompany your child to read"
C."You look at your phone, your child reads a book?"
D."Reading, not just about books"

c
Although it is said that the pricing of operating pension institutions is liberalized and the government cannot intervene, from the perspective of protecting the rights of purchasers, stabilizing the price of pension beds, and regulating market order, relevant parties need to be highly vigilant about the operation of such sales beds.Various problems brought about by the model.For example, beds can be speculated, which may deviate from the properties of pension institutions-turning pension services into a form of investment, and possibly driving up the prices of pension institutions, causing Old people ca nt afford it, and they ca nt afford it.In addition, bed prices are likely to be idle and waste after being overpriced.In short, if it is not regulated, it may be a repeat of the real estate speculation in China.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Speculation of beds in pension institutions will bring various problems
B.The government should pay attention to bed pricing in pension institutions
C.The government should regulate the business model of pension institutions
D.The speculation of beds in pension institutions may be a real estate speculation

c
Water bear worms are also called water bears.They are commonly known as timid creatures.There are more than 900 recorded species, most of which are distributed worldwide.They are extremely small, the smallest is only 50 microns, and the largest is only 1.4 mm, you must use a microscope to see it clearly.Water bear worms are the most powerful living creatures on the planet.They can survive freezing, boiling, and air-drying.They can even survive in a vacuum or under radioactive rays.Putting it back into the normal environment can still return to the normal state.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Water bear worms are phytophagous creatures with a wide variety and wide distribution.
B.Water bear worms are very small, making them easy to survive in extreme conditions
C.Water bear worms are extremely viable and can survive in extreme conditions
D.Water bear worms can slow down or stop their metabolism for a long time

b
In recent years, incidents of falling objects have repeatedly occurred and attracted widespread attention from society.It is undeniable that legal provisions have avoided the difficulty of claiming after the occurrence of falling objects and ensured that the legitimate rights and interests of the infringed person were effectively protected.The tort liability law is obviously lagging, that is, the law will only intervene after the infringement has occurred.Then, after the tort occurs, the tragedy of injury or death has occurred, and the effect of repairing the dead sheep cannot be achieved at all.Therefore, How to strengthen the prerequisite function of the law and make the law a safety protection net for falling objects is the key to solving the problem.
The following statements have nothing to do with the gist of this text:
A.Strengthen the source design of legislation to effectively avoid falling objects
B.Insufficient legal liability provisions for falling objects
C.Significant lags in laws on falling objects
D.Build a safety net and make the law a pre-event

d
In the process of urbanization in China, traditional operas are facing unprecedented ecological changes.Folk professional performances actively adapt to the needs of rural entertainment, or restore traditional folk performance forms, and use festivals and etiquette to play the traditional ritual and musical education function of the opera; or Advancing with the times, enriching the opera itself with fashionable and artistic elements, and deriving new forms of drama entertainment.Professional troupes within the system carry on artistic heritage in tradition and innovation, or go deep into the countryside, send drama to the countryside, and still maintain the grass-roots rural level.Performing; or giving up the countryside, seeking diversified and innovative ways, and struggling to maintain the urban market, leading to the disadvantaged and marginalized opera in rural cultural life.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Inheritance and development of opera art should seek diversity and advance with the times
B.Opera is an important carrier for inheriting and promoting excellent traditional culture
C.The government should increase its efforts to support performances by professional troupes in rural areas
D.The influence of opera in rural areas has shown a bipolar development

c
From the carding of the relationship between technology and knowledge and the trend of Internet technology autonomy, a core issue should be paid attention to in the reconstruction of future journalism and communication disciplines: how to balance the relationship between people and technology so that researchers can immerse themselves in the technology system in which they are immersed.Get out of the way and treat the technical system with a critical eye and avoid becoming a promoter of social disorder caused by the autonomy of the Internet.In this regard, Don Yide pointed out, "It is because we are too familiar that we not only ignore the technical system The need for critical reflection, and the results obtained from such critical reflection are also ignored."Therefore, we need to approach our technological society from a transcendental perspective.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Reconstruction of Journalism and Communication has difficulties in both technology and knowledge
B.The reconstruction of journalism and communication must treat the technical system correctly
C.Reconstruction of journalism and communication must sort out the relationship between people and technology
D.Reconstruction of Journalism and Communication Should Pay Attention to the Autonomy of the Internet

d
Since the 20th century, human understanding of strings has undergone a qualitative change.Strings are vibrations, and vibrations generate waves, indicating that waves constitute a rich and colorful world, which provides an ideological basis and technical methods for re-understanding "beauty".Studies have shown that there is a deep internal relationship between natural beauty and the wavelength (or frequency) of matter.The natural frequency of an object has a coupling relationship with the human's own frequency."Beauty" is caused by the interaction between the frequencies of different types of the spectrum and people.produced.
According to this text, the following statements are incorrect:
A.Different understandings of the same person's beauty and ugliness are due to different frequencies of aesthetic subjects
B.Sunlight, flowers are generally unchanged for a certain period of time, because the vibration frequency does not change
C.Distance produces beauty because the aesthetic subject and object resonate in a certain frequency range
D.Seeing social courage for behavior, because aesthetic subjects have the same frequency of vibration

a
In order to help poverty alleviation in poverty-stricken areas, for a long time, all sectors of society have provided assistance in various forms, the poverty alleviation ideas have become clearer, poverty alleviation methods have become more diverse, cultural poverty alleviation, tourism poverty alleviation, and e-commerce poverty alleviation have achieved significant results.But in some areas that have not been lifted out of poverty, because of the harsh natural conditions, it is more difficult to develop a poverty alleviation industry.In order to save the "hard bones" of poverty alleviation, it is necessary to play a good technology brand.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.Playing the technology card to fight poverty
B.The "hard bones" of His Majesty's poverty alleviation
C.Choosing a new way to fight poverty
D.Elimination of poverty and speeding up shifts

d
Perfectionists are accustomed to setting all standards too high and impractical.After being hit by setbacks, they become evasive, procrastinated, and blame themselves.They are not only hindered but also cause many mental illnesses.Due to the lack of a deep and consistent source of self-esteem, accepting the blows of failure is particularly difficult for perfectionists, and can lead to chronic depression and withdrawal in some people.Perfectionism is also significantly associated with social anxiety and social horror because they are very Worry about whether you can make a good impression on others, prone to shyness, inferiority, and avoidance.Perfectionism also easily leads to obsessive-compulsive disorder, because perfectionists require perfection in everything.Reduce the psychological tendency of "all or nothing" , The heart will be more comfortable, calm, and more conducive to progress.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Excessive standards and unrealistic damage to self-esteem
B.Shyness and inferiority can easily make people depressed and withdrawn for a long time
C.Social anxiety and social horror can cause obsessive-compulsive disorder
D.Perfectionist tendencies should be avoided for mental health

c
Craftsmanship, ingenuity-based.Whether there is craftsmanship, the key is to see whether there is ingenuity that is obscured and obsessed with the pursuit of excellence.To build craftsmanship, we must adhere to the original intention, persist in concentration, adhere to the heart of the child, and abandon the impetuous noise I can sit and do well in my post.How can I sit and do well? The key is to focus and focus on the pursuit of perfection and perfection of every detail of the product as much as possible.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Educational craftsmen are the foundation of inheriting the spirit of craftsmen
B.Tree craftsmanship is the root of promoting craftsmanship
C.The treemaker's heart must adhere to the original intention and persist in concentration
D.Tree craftsmanship requires a good social and cultural environment

b
`` White Deer Plain '' takes the life course of the three generations of the white and deer families as a line, and presents the historical development trajectory of the rural social life form from the perspective of changing times, reflecting the persistence and change of traditional Chinese patriarchal culture, tearing and struggling.It also expresses the struggles and pains of many individual lives in specific space-time and social relationships, and then praises the eternal kindness and warmth in our national cultural traditions and moral ethics.Moreover, the presentation of this profound theme in the work is art It is full of sensation.It integrates various elements such as times, regions, customs, folk customs, etc., with a life flow that is not stubborn, inflammable, and unscrupulous.It richly and three-dimensionally shows the original life of White Deer and rises to the world.Pyrotechnic gas.
Based on the above, the following statements are true:
A."White Deer Plain" interprets the authenticity and richness of local life
B."White Deer Plain" shows the struggle and pain of individual life
C."White Deer Plain" interprets the mottled and eternal of traditional culture
D."White Deer Plain" shows the restlessness and changes of the history of the times

b
At present, China's scientific and technological undertakings have achieved historic, holistic, and major changes in their structure.Significant innovation results have emerged, and some cutting-edge directions have begun to enter parallel and lead the stage.However, it should also be noted that there are still some urgent problems to be solved in China's scientific and technological field.The situation in which key core technologies are constrained by people has not been fundamentally changed.Now, we have ushered in a historic period of confluence of a new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial change in the world with China's transformation of the development model.Technological independence and control can seize the once-in-a-lifetime historical opportunity, effectively support the construction of a world-leading science and technology power, and truly play the first driving role of innovation and development.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.Work hard to obtain key core technologies
B.Hold key core technologies in your own hands
C.Emphasis on stimulating original innovation and core technology research and development
D.Giving play to the leading role of innovation and mastering key core technologies

a
The Kingdom Tower, with a design height of approximately 1,007 meters, will be completed in 2018, and the tower will become the tallest building in the world.In fact, the original design height of the Kingdom Tower was 1500 meters.What is the reason for descending nearly 500 meters? The main reason is the wind..Engineer William Lemaisault pointed out that when people on the ground felt the breeze blowing, the 500m height was actually a raging wind.In 1978, the 278.9-meter-high Citigroup Center building just erected in New York, which is from Lemai The hand of Sur.An architecture student asked him a question: Is the building so high that it is possible to be blown down by the wind? Lemaisur burst into a cold sweat and suddenly realized that he only considered the design.The vertical wind direction and the influence of the 45-degree wind direction were left behind! The staff had to work overtime in the middle of the night, welded the windproof support plate, and kept this secret for 20 years.
What does this text mean?
A.Building height is subject to wind
B.Le Maisur's carelessness
C.The tallest building in the world will exceed one thousand meters
D.The uniqueness of the Citigroup Center Building

d
To survive, plants must know the dynamics of the surrounding "visual" environment.To do this they need to know the direction, intensity, duration, and color of light.There is no doubt that plants can detect electromagnetic waves that are visible and invisible to humans.We can only Sense a section of electromagnetic waves with a narrow wavelength range, plants can sense shorter or longer electromagnetic waves.However, although the wavelength range of the spectrum that plants can "see" is much wider than we can see, No image can be seen.Plants do not have a nervous system and cannot convert light signals into images, but they can be converted into various indicators that regulate growth.Plants have no eyes, just as we have no leaves.But plants and we can perceive light.
What does the following statement agree with the text?
A.Plants can see human visible or invisible images
B.Plants perceive the environment by converting instructions for regulating growth into light signals
C.Plants use the nervous system to perceive wavelengths
D.Plants have "vision" like humans

b
In recent years, there has been increasing interest in modern physics, and reports of "new" physics have emerged.Now many people know that there are hundreds of millions of galaxies, and each galaxy contains hundreds of millions of stars.We know that the world can understand by subnuclear particles, most of them only survive a few hundred-millionths of a second.Yes, the world of modern physics is really weird.Particles with the Greek letter names dance wildly with the music of quantum, and do not follow the classical physics.Determinism.But eventually readers will walk away with disappointment.Although these facts are indeed novel, they are also boring and annoying.
The author is most likely to next?
A.Stressing the difficulty of scientific work
B.Introducing a vivid science book
C.Clarify readers' misunderstanding of physics
D.Showcase novel physics results

d
Cultural fashions always pass from one civilization to another, and the innovations in one civilization are often adopted by other civilizations.However, they are often just technologies or short-lived fashions that lack important cultural consequences and do not change civilization.The basic culture of the recipient.There was a boom in the Western world craving various items from Chinese or Indian culture; and in the 19th century in China and India, popular culture and consumer goods from the West seemed to represent the victory of Western civilization.However, this "popularity" just made Western culture insignificant.The essence of Western civilization is a "major charter" rather than a "big Mac".Non-Westerners may accept the latter, but this is nothing for them to accept the former.significance.
What's the most accurate summary of your opinion about this passage?
A.People often accept things from foreign countries out of curiosity
B.It is difficult to achieve essential communication and influence between different cultures
C.Western and non-Western worlds differ in the nature of civilization
D.The spread of fashion will not fundamentally change the basic culture of the recipient

b
The Internet is of great significance to solve the problems of insufficient supply of high-quality medical services, insufficient total resources of doctors, uneven distribution, and large differences in capabilities among doctors.On the one hand, the Internet medical platform provides doctors with mobile phone application software, allowing them to use fragmented time and Services are provided to patients in their spare time; on the other hand, the Internet medical platform has also established a payment mechanism for patients, which allows doctors to get a reasonable return on their efforts, motivates doctors, and makes them willing to contribute private time to society.
Regarding the advantages of Internet medical platforms, this text does not mention
A.Reasonable allocation of doctor resources
B.Effectively reduce doctor-patient conflict
C.The doctor receives the corresponding return
D.Effective use of doctor time

a
As the basic unit of organism structure and function, cells are dynamic and in constant motion.A large number of "goods" such as proteins, hormones, neurotransmitters, etc.produced in cells need to operate between various organelles, and some even require Transport to the outside of the cell.How a cell organizes its "logistics" is a complex biological problem.Vesicle transportation is called a cell's "logistics system".Because macromolecular and particulate matter cannot pass directly through the cell membrane, So the vesicles are generated from one organelle in the form of budding, and then fused with another organelle membrane.In this way, the vesicles become a "container" for loading goods.
This text mainly introduces
A.Principles of Vesicle Transport
B.Mechanisms of cell functioning
C.The role of cells in organisms
D.Material exchange process between cells

d
There is a tradition in education that confronts science with literature and history in curriculum design.This opposition is easy to explain in history.Prior to experimental science, literature, language, and philosophy had been firmly occupied in all higher schools.Status.Experimental science naturally must work hard.No fortified and solid power group will easily give up the monopoly position it may occupy.However, in any aspect, language and literature are all considered to be humanistic, and Science belongs purely to nature.This is a misconception.
The most likely thing to say next is
A.The traditional place of literature and history in higher education
B.How experimental science developed rapidly
C.How the monopoly position of the humanities was broken
D.Why should science and humanity not be opposed

b
Generally speaking, broken objects are always not beautiful.But there are so many ancient buildings, sculptures and even the remains of daily necessities are considered beautiful.How can this be explained? Perhaps because these remains of aesthetic value were originally It has important value, either because of its considerable scale or because of important practical functions, such as magnificent palaces, mausoleums, temples, city walls, ancient bridges, ancient towers, etc., containing the extraordinary wisdom and tremendous toil of predecessors, whether it is ruin Yu Bingyu or natural disasters will cause people to deplore and care for the whole body.In UNESCO's "World Heritage" project, there are a large number of such ancient buildings, such as the Great Wall of China, the Parthenon temple in Greece, Angkor Wat in Cambodia and much more.
This text mainly explains
A.How to appreciate ancient architecture
B.Why are "ruins" beautiful
C.What is the incomplete beauty of architecture
D.Selection criteria for "World Heritage"

d
In the 1950s, some scientists discovered that bacteria would fall off cell walls and no longer show their unique shapes, making the immune system "oversight"; after a period of time, these bacteria would regain cell walls, restore their original shape, and fully have the ability to infect the human body again.Recently, some researchers first applied an antibiotic to break through the cell wall of E.coli and let it change its shape.Then they applied another antibiotic to a protein called MreB.Even if the bacteria proliferated, they could not restore their original shape.It will no longer have the ability to infect and will eventually die out.This study can explain the causes of bacterial resistance and deepen the understanding of the cell wall construction process, which is expected to lead to better planning of antibiotic application strategies.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.Antibiotics stop bacteria from regaining new cells
B.Antibiotics inhibit MreB.'S protein-producing bacteria
C.MreB.Protein dominates bacterial cell wall variation
D.MreB.Protein is key to bacterial "stealth"

c
In a sense, the pilot tour guides are free to practice and use the Internet technology to build a unified tour guide reservation platform, allowing tour guides and consumers to make two-way choices under a transparent mechanism, which is conducive to the symmetry of information on both sides, thereby promoting market pricing to become more scientific and reasonable.Guides are no longer constrained by the profit goals of travel agencies and can rely on their true ability to eat.This can not only effectively curb the chaos in the tourism market, but also help return the value of tour guides to the services they provide.Thus, the domestic tourism ecosystem Will real improvement be far behind?
What does this passage mean?
A.Free practice of tour guides is conducive to realizing the value of tour guide services
B.Free practice of tour guides helps market pricing become more reasonable
C.Free practice of tour guides is helpful to improve domestic tourism ecology
D.The free practice of tour guides is conducive to curbing the chaos in the tourism market

d
The latest research results believe that a major factor leading to cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases is hyperlipidemia, and the greasy degree of diet and blood lipids are indeed inextricably linked, but not inevitable.Blood lipids have a metabolic process in the human body, and various nutrients in the body, they can be transformed into each other.If a person has a strong ability to synthesize blood lipids in the body, even a vegetarian diet will have high blood lipids, and a vegetarian diet will only help patients with hyperlipidemia.To reduce cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, a reasonable diet is the best way to increase physical exercise on the basis of nutrition, and it is limited to rely on a vegetarian diet.If you do not combine individual characteristics with a blind vegetarian diet, especially long-term over-vegetarian diet, it may cause harm to your health.
Which item matches the meaning of this text?
A.Eating vegetarian food plus exercise can reduce cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases
B.Vegetarian habits are harmful to patients with hyperlipidemia
C.There is no connection between the fatness of the diet and the production of blood lipids
D.Eating only vegetarian food is not necessarily related to avoiding cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases

c
Recently, a viewpoint has been circulated on the Internet that the profitable eyewear industry has created 99% of myopia.Some netizens said that businesses will only sell glasses blindly.In fact, vision can still be restored after myopia, but they cannot be taken off after wearing glasses, so they can try not to wear glasses.This has caused many people to rebuke the optical shop for-profit and profiteering, which has led to discussions about "more glasses and more myopia." However, clinical studies have shown that when myopia is induced in adolescence, Whether you wear glasses or not, myopia will continue to deepen.This is because adolescents who are growing up are developing their eyeballs, so the degree of myopia is not stable.But as long as the degree of myopia is accurately detected, the glasses will not become deeper.The culprit of degrees.
What does this text mean?
A.Vision can still be restored after wearing myopia glasses
B.Wearing glasses has nothing to do with deepening myopia
C.Deepening of myopia is not necessarily related to wearing glasses
D.Glasses business is not just selling glasses for profiteering

d
There is no "consolation award" in the world of artistic creation, and the level of the work itself is far more important than the verbal effort of "sharpening the sword".Moreover, some of the advertised "years" are not necessarily true.To apply the current buzzword: less grinding Swords are more sincere.Of course, this is definitely not to say that literary and artistic works do not need to be polished repeatedly; on the contrary, it is precise because literary and artistic works need to be polished in good faith and patience.Say no, because it will cheapen the hard work of truly polishing the work-if a person writes his ideas for ten years ago in a few months, even if it is a sword in ten years, those are really more than 3,000 days Every day and every night, we worked hard and studied the carved people, how can we praise them?
What does this text mean?
A.Literary works do not need to be polished for a long time
B.Possessed a lack of sincerity for years
C.Time-consuming work has nothing to do with the starting point of creativity
D.The value of the work need not emphasize the hardship of creation

b
In the earliest Chinese literary works, the Book of Songs, there are many chapters about nostalgia (such as "Cai Wei"), and the theme of nostalgia in Tang and Song poetry is not a minority.Early 20th century Chinese modern writers, such as Lu Xun and Shen Congwen, Fei Ming, Xiao Hong, and others have written works of rural memory, where they care deeply about the rural dilemma in modern times.Nostalgia is of course also the theme of the world's literary tradition.The Homer epic "Odyssey" is written by Austria Desius went through a lot of hardships, drifting at sea for 10 years, and finally returned to his hometown of Ithaca to reunite with his family.The rise of German romantic literature, nostalgia is its important theme, and it has modern significance.
What does this text mean?
A.Chinese and foreign writers show their deep concern for rural dilemmas through nostalgic or nostalgic works
B.Chinese and foreign writers regard nostalgia or homesickness as an important theme in a long tradition
C.Nostalgia or homesickness is the best spiritual comfort for Chinese and foreign writers to remember history through literary works
D.Chinese and foreign writers show the most basic and universal emotions through nostalgic or nostalgic works

d
If public history belongs to history, then the three first-level disciplines (history of Chinese history, world history, and archeology) in the current history category cannot individually accommodate it; not to mention it also includes non-history such as literature, communication, and art Disciplinary elements.In European and American universities, public history is either a professional degree program set up by the history department or a cross-disciplinary program set up by the cooperation of history education and art.Therefore, if Chinese public history studies want to have Your own unique disciplinary attributes must be clear at this point.
What is the most appropriate title for this text?
A.The nature of public history discipline should be clear
B.The relationship between public history and history
C.Different ownership of Chinese and European and American public history
D.What kind of discipline is public history?

d
The character library tower, also known as the character library, the character library, the character burning furnace, the Jingzi Pavilion, etc., as the name suggests, is a tower-shaped building that burned character paper in ancient times.Even the waste paper needs to be washed and incinerated.The burning of the paper is very solemn.Not only are there special people, but also special etiquette.In some places, villagers also organize "character society".In addition to volunteering, people volunteer to collect paper on the street.All use After a collection of historical scriptures, after being worn and broken, they must be worshipped in Zikuta for ten years and then be selected and burned.Then, after the Ming Dynasty, Zikuta appeared in southern China, and in the Qing Dynasty, respect The belief in Xi Zhizhi has reached its peak.Now the remaining Ku Kuta is mostly built for the Qing Dynasty.
According to this text, it can be seen that the author's main intention is?
A.Affirm the ancient belief in the sacred paper
B.Elaborate on the specific ceremony of the ancients
C.Call on people today to not lose the awe of the paper
D.Explain the historical changes in the construction of the font tower

a
College students have become a group with a high incidence of depression, and it has become a hard reality.Like some celebrities, most college students with depression have struggled with the vicious circle of being strong before and being depressed.They are good at impression management.They are in Taiwan The front creates a bright image of a normal person, but behind the scenes alone suffers the torture and sorrow brought by depression.Out of the shadow of depression, social understanding and support are indispensable.There is a sentence on the tombstone of American doctor Trudeau Famous saying: "Sometimes cure, often comfort, always help", the greatest love for patients is often not cured but understanding and help.
It can be inferred from the above text, what is the author's intention?
A.Call on the society to face the depression of college students and provide the positive understanding and help
B.University generation as a high-depression group has become a hard reality
C.Many college students suffer from the physical and mental pain caused by depression
D.The greatest value of a doctor is not to cure the disease, but to comfort and help the patient

c
Injecting botox into the muscles of the face and using its slight paralysis to reduce expression lines and make the skin look younger, there have been many successful examples, but also brought another unforeseen consequence: this toxin The triggered facial muscle paralysis hinders feedback on proprioception, and this feedback helps us understand the emotions of others."When the expression is delicate, the negative effects are very obvious.For very strong stimuli, although there must be more performance The tendency is worse, the difference is not significant, and for the more difficult to recognize 'fuzzy' stimuli, the effects of paralysis are very serious."
Can you launch from the above text?
A.Botox injection can reduce expression lines and make skin younger
B.Side effects of botox injections are most obvious when we need feedback on strong emotions
C.Poor botox and other "micro plastic" people's ability to understand other people's expressions deteriorates
D.People who are injected with "micro-shaping" such as botox should try to make subtle expressions as little as possible

d
Research shows that the sales growth rate of China's fast-moving consumer goods market in 2015 was the slowest in the past five years, of which instant noodle sales have fallen sharply by 12.5%.Some researchers believe that the increase in the number of low-income retirees is an important decline in FMCG consumption, However, the same data also shows that industries related to health, tourism and entertainment have achieved double-digit growth rates, which yogurt sales have increased by 20.6%.Three-quarters of the respondents expressed willingness to pay With higher prices for food considered to be "healthy", consumers' demand for quality, personalized goods and services is rapidly increasing, and they are no longer only satisfied with the pursuit of material enjoyment, but also the pursuit of spiritual satisfaction.
Can it be inferred from this text?
A.The decline in FMCG consumption is mainly due to the increase in the number of low-income people
B.Yogurt replaced instant noodles and became darling of Chinese consumer market
C.Immediate acceptance of the "unhealthy" impression of instant noodles
D.Consumption focus of some consumers has begun to shift

b
Is it true that outsiders can interfere with your dream consciousness? Scientists use the latest technology to secretly train volunteers to associate the vertical stripes associated with volunteer brains with red and the horizontal stripes associated with green.Eventually, when volunteers see vertical streaks, they will think they see red.Research reports said that this is the first experiment to confirm that the first part of the cerebral cortex that processes basic visual information from the eyes can form associative learning capabilities.In other words, it is possible to implant the association information into the brain consciousness of other people, and the implanted person will not be aware of this process.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.Scientists discover why the brain has associative learning
B.Scientists confirm that human dream consciousness may be disturbed by external forces
C.Volunteers fail to associate between green and horizontal stripes
D.Scientists embed Lenovo information into "V1" and "V2" areas

d
With the rapid development of computer networks and the widespread use of mobile phones, the writing of Chinese characters has gradually changed from the original writing brush and hard pen to the keyboard and thumb.The survey shows that 37% of people often forget to write or even forget many difficult characters.How to write; 22% of people want to rely on a computer instead of a pen when writing; 13% of people go to lectures or meetings outside, and the most feared is taking notes.Networking, keyboarding, and thumbing have not only Letting people not experience the joy brought by the writing of Chinese characters has also caused the separation and alienation of Chinese characters.Improving the Chinese people's understanding of the inheritance of Chinese characters is an urgent matter.
What is the most accurate summary of this text?
A.The current language inheritance faces internal and external problems
B.Forgetting to write is a common phenomenon
C.Chinese people's attention to Chinese characters is not optimistic
D.Media transformation exacerbates people's oblivion to Chinese characters

c
Respecting and taking care of women's position in transportation, goodwill is understandable.Setting up "female parking spaces" has a guiding meaning, but after all, it is still a mechanical way of "enclosure." It is true that men and women have differences in physical fitness, thinking methods, etc.However, it is not equivalent to driving technology, and there is not enough data to support or investigate.Female drivers must have higher or lower accident rates than male drivers.Gender and technology are not necessarily related.In reality, it is not only women who need "care".Drivers, as well as new drivers, etc.In the case of a sharp increase in the number of private cars and the shortage of urban parking spaces, the separate allocation of "female parking spaces" and the extravagance of humane care cannot help but be questioned by all parties.
What's your opinion about the setting of "female parking spaces"?
A.embodies the love for women
B.Disrespect for women, sex discrimination
C.Think rationally without having to label gender
D.Ignoring the lack of parking space supply and management

d
The dictionary's interpretation of the library is that the library is the institution that collects, organizes, and collects books and materials for people to read and reference.The library has the functions of preserving human cultural heritage, developing information resources, and participating in social education.Among them, the collection of books should be the focus for people to read and reference, so as to spread the culture.This is commonly recognized by the world.However, from different perspectives, some people have questioned the function of the library.Ikeda, a famous collector of ancient books in Japan Izov wrote in his book "Hand-Drawn Travel of Japanese Bookstores": "Classic books acquired by the library are labeled and stored in the bottom of the box.It is rare that there is no chance to show up in front of ordinary people.It can be said to be the black hole of books."
What is the most accurate understanding of the "black hole" of books?
A.Focusing on the various disadvantages of the rare books in ancient books
B.Classical books are cherished, and the library's careful collection is understandable
C.Libraries must not only preserve human cultural heritage, but also spread the culture
D.The ancient books in the library are difficult to read by general readers

b
Common sense tells us that the more elegant the art, the more classics that can stand the test of history.At the beginning of the contact, you can not appreciate it.To learn to appreciate, you must rely on edification.Never understand to understand, never appreciate to learn to appreciate, From understanding the knowledge and reason unconsciously to consciously entering the school to accept preaching and teaching, it is the stage of civilization.In the final analysis, the process of aesthetics is a process from incomprehension to intelligibility.The same is true for reading.Tell us that reading a good book that is difficult to understand, especially reading a classic work, is better than reading many ordinary books.Traditional Chinese education pays attention to recitation, and reading private books should be "remembering." Now it seems that, in addition to being "discussable", there is no need to say more about the benefits of studying and endorsement.
From the above text, it can be deduced that the author's intention is:
A.Explain that reading is not too much
B.Persuade everyone to look at something they do not understand
C.Affirming the "memory" method of traditional Chinese education
D.Point out that the improvement of cultural cultivation requires the cultivation of classic works

b
Maintaining the same posture for a long time can easily lead to poor blood flow in the lower limbs and the formation of blood clots.Venous thrombosis is a clot that occludes blood vessels, causing blood to circulate, causing limb swelling and pain, as well as clinical manifestations such as superficial vein dilation and varicose veins.After returning to the heart, it will enter the lungs to complete the exchange of oxygen.Deep vein thrombosis only slightly adheres to the vessel wall at one end of the blood vessel, and the other end of the thrombus floats freely in the vessel wall.Hot compress, massage and squeeze the lower limbs It is easy to make the thrombus fall off, and it will flow into the heart with the blood, and finally "stuck" in the pulmonary artery, causing the pulmonary artery blood flow to be blocked, which will cause cough, chest tightness and other symptoms, and even cause asphyxiation and death, that is, pulmonary embolism.
What is wrong with this text is:
A.It is wrong to use hot compress and massage to relieve venous thrombosis.
B.Deep vein thrombosis is more dangerous than superficial vein dilation
C.Preventing venous thrombosis requires people to exercise
D.Blocking is the original sin of blood clots

c
As the world's first comprehensive scientific and technical work "Heavenly Works" on agriculture and handicraft production, it attaches great importance to theoretical explanations, rather than pure technical descriptions, otherwise it is not much better than those recipes.Some experts believe that: Tiangong Kaiwu is not only China, but also a representative technical book for entire East Asia.It contains a wide range of technical categories unmatched by European technical books.
According to this text, we can see that the most essential difference between `` Tiangong Kaiwu '' and the recipe is:
A.The former is a technical book and the latter is a reference book
B.The former focuses on logic, while the latter focuses on an explanation
C.The former attaches importance to theory and the latter attaches importance to technology
D.The former is a scientific work and the latter is an operating procedure

d
Traditional empirical medicine is experiencing the bottleneck of uncertainty technology, resulting in a waste of medical resources and unsatisfactory medical results.Compared to traditional diagnostic methods, precision medicine is accurate and convenient.On the one hand, gene sequencing can identify disease-related issues.Mutated genes to quickly identify symptomatic drugs, reduce detours, improve efficacy, and also reduce drug side effects based on the patient's genetic background; on the other hand, fewer tissue samples are required for precision medical testing, which can reduce the number of diagnostic procedures Damage to the patient's body.It is foreseeable that the advent of precision medicine technology will significantly improve the diagnosis and treatment experience of diseases, especially cancer patients.
According to the above text, the correct understanding of precision medicine is:
A.Can reduce drug use, improve medical results, and enhance medical certainty
B.It has accuracy and convenience, so it has the unparalleled superiority of traditional experience medicine
C.Reducing injury to patients and reducing side effects are the key to improving the experience and effectiveness of diagnosis and treatment
D.Can reduce iatrogenic damage, reduce medical resource consumption, and obtain optimized patient treatment benefits

b
The standards of express packaging are lagging, the recycling cycle is difficult, and the lack of environmental awareness is the three major bottlenecks that hinder the greening of express packaging.To break these bottlenecks, there is still a lot of work to do.For example, the current standards must be resolved.Issues such as lack of binding force, difficulty in implementation, and the introduction of national-level compulsory standards; To solve the "five flowers and big bundles" of express delivery and excessive packaging, first of all, we must solve the problem of rough handling, sorting, and improve the recycling of packaging materials.A very important part of the rate is that for consumers, recyclable packaging such as cardboard boxes, plastics and other garbage must be disposed of somewhere.
The most suitable item for the above text title is:
A.There is a long way to go for greening express packaging
B.Make a good combination of punches to help express green packaging
C.There are three major bottlenecks to greening express packaging
D.Greening express packaging requires comprehensive social governance

a
Change the concept of development and effectively enhance the consciousness and firmness of coordinated development.Our party proposes this development concept of coordination, which aims to complement the shortcomings of development and solve the problem of imbalanced development.Although China's economic and social development has made great achievements, it has also appeared In order to solve the problems of unbalanced development, uncoordinated and unsustainable development, it is urgent to change the concept of development, especially to enhance the integrity and coordination of development.In the current decisive period of building a well-off society in an all-round way, we must change our concepts and unify our thinking and actions to the new development concept comes up, correctly handles the major relations in development, broadens the development space in coordinated development, strengthens the stamina of development in complementing the shortcomings, enhances the national soft power while enhancing the national hard power, and harmonizes material civilization and spiritual civilization.Development, synchronous improvement.
This text is intended to emphasize that we want to:
A.Change the development concept and solve the problem of imbalanced development
B.Promote the coordinated development of material civilization and spiritual civilization
C.Enhance the consciousness and firmness of coordinated development
D.Transforming development concepts and improving the country's soft power

a
Since the pioneering field of artificial intelligence, researchers have been trying to tinker with artificial intelligence that can make creative choices.Marvin Minsky, considered the father of modern artificial intelligence, wrote this in 1960: "I am convinced that one day we will have a powerful problem-solving program by assembling a large number of heuristics in intricate ways-multi-objective optimization, pattern recognition techniques, planning algebra, recursive management processes, etc.But in these programs, there is no intelligent seating."Intelligence is not just patterned recognition, but finding the" location "of intelligence is a tricky problem, which has always plagued artificial intelligence researchers.
The correct one to understand the underlined part is:
A.People can develop programs that have the ability to solve problems, but the development of artificial intelligence is not optimistic
B.People can develop programs that have the ability to solve problems, but artificial intelligence has not appeared
C.There is no place for artificial intelligence in programs developed by people
D.People develop programs that are not artificial intelligence

a
Kerala's natural beauty is unparalleled, its people are very sophisticated, and its ancient customs still pride itself on the locals.The people here are friendly and vibrant, and the education rate ranks first in India.Although women throughout India The literacy rate is only 39.42%, all residents of Kerala, including women, have reached a literacy rate of 95%.The patriarchal phenomenon common in other parts of India is difficult to find in Kerala."Popular Science Movement" Of scientists proudly say, "In Kerala, no one doesn't read newspapers, no one doesn't talk politics, no one doesn't sing."
This passage mainly describes the Kerala area:
A.The human environment is as good as the natural scenery
B.People love reading, discussing politics and singing, and advocating spiritual civilization
C.The human environment is unique in that it has both retro simplicity and modern openness
D.Women's higher social status and education level are important reasons for the simple and friendly nature of Kerala's folk customs

c
2016 is a year full of extreme conditions in the global climate.The average concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has exceeded the warning line of 400ppm (1ppm is one millionth), methane concentrations have also soared to a record, and long-term indicators of climate change have risen to new levels.The sea ice area in Antarctica and the Arctic region has been severely reduced, breaking the lowest record.Russia, the Arctic region is 6 㠃 higher than the long-term average temperature.-7 㠃.Greenland glaciers begin to melt earlier and faster, and the Arctic is warming at twice the global average.
Which of the following one matches the meaning of this text is:
A.Global climate change was the most extreme in 2016
B.Atmospheric carbon dioxide content hits a record high in 2016
C.Sea ice area in the North and South poles hit a new low in 2016
D.Temperatures in Russia were higher in 2016 than in Greenland

a
Compared with digital probability, word probability has ambiguity, non-probability and semantic characteristics.Digital probability is a more accurate way of expressing risk, which can be more objectively transmitted, explained, and used by people during risk communication.Probability and digital probability have different appearances in the history of evolution, and they belong to different development fields (language and mathematics), so the differences in their characteristics may not be limited to the above.For example, the non-probability calculation of written probability indicates that people communicate or When receiving the information represented by text probability, it will not be calculated cautiously in accordance with the rules of probability.The text probability will cause more intuitive thinking, and the digital probability will cause more analytical thinking.
The one that matches the meaning of this text is:
A.Text probability is different from the numerical probability
B.Digital probability is actually better than the literal probability
C.Text probability and numerical probability belong to different fields
D.The number and word probability are thought differently

d
Saturn's halo system is the closest thing we have to the dust and gravel disks that gave birth to Earth and other planets 4.55 billion years ago.This protoplanetary disk is formed by a nebula composed of ultra-low temperature gas and dust acting on its own gravity.As the rotating nebula gradually shrinks, it becomes a disk around the nascent sun.Once the gas has been blown away by the sun, the orbital debris in the disk is very similar to Saturn's halo system.
This text mainly introduces the Saturn ring:
A.Shape
B.Run
C.Composition
D.Formation

d
Poverty is sometimes not only a low income, but also a lack of ability.The essence of ability is quality.Civilization is also a quality, but also a more important quality.Researchers of "poor culture" have long proposed that not only should we pay attention to the living conditions of the poor, but also We must pay attention to their values, attitudes and behavior patterns.Once this "subculture" is formed, it will affect them to change the situation of poverty, and it will be passed down from generation to generation to maintain poverty.Mr.Yan Yangchu, the pioneer of the rural construction movement of the Republic of China It is determined that the fundamental strategy of rural construction is to manage "stupid, poor, weak, private" in order to cultivate the knowledge, productivity, strong building and solidarity of farmers.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The improvement of national quality lies in the development of civilization
B.Enhancing the development capacity of the poor
C.The foundation of personal ability development is the quality of civilization
D.Improving the quality of civilization of the poor

a
With the development and transformation of the eastern coastal areas, the transfer of industries, and the economic rise of the central and western regions, traditional labor exporting places such as Chongqing, Hunan, and Sichuan are ushering in a wave of returning hometown entrepreneurs.Among these entrepreneurs, there are already returning rural migrant workers.Enterprise managers, also college students, company employees, etc., with strong nostalgia, seize the great opportunity for hometown development, and return home with capital, technology and advanced management concepts.In some parts of the Midwest, they return home The number of start-up companies and the output value created have already occupied half of the county's economy.At present, this trend is in the ascendant, it has brought a strong impetus to urbanization and industrialization in the central and western regions, and it has also changed China's economic landscape.
The inaccurate understanding of this text is:
A.Midwest returnees to start their own businesses benefit mainly from the development and transformation of the east
B.The entrepreneurial boom in returning hometowns mainly occurs in traditional labor exporting places
C.Homecoming has become the driving force for the economic development of the central and western counties
D.Homecoming has become a new lever for transforming the Midwest

a
Scientific quality is the prerequisite for citizens to achieve a good life, and it is the social foundation for implementing an innovation-driven development strategy and building a well-off society in an all-round way.At present, the scientific quality of our citizens does not meet the needs of national construction and social development.Studies show that those who enter the ranks of innovative countries In more than 30 developed countries, the proportion of citizens with the scientific quality is the lowest, and China is only 6.2%.Although the scientific quality of our citizens has improved rapidly, the development is uneven, and the gap with the developed countries in the world is still very large, especially in China.Public services in science popularization are very uneven, and farmers, new urban residents, and people in remote and minority areas have significantly fewer opportunities to access services.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The scientific quality of our citizens needs to be further improved
B.The whole society should pay attention to the improvement of citizens' scientific quality
C.There is a gap in the scientific quality of citizens between China and developed countries
D.The low scientific quality of our citizens is a serious problem

b
Culture has inherently unpredictable power, which not only makes people cling to tradition, but also encourages people to accept new possibilities.Just like the Spring Festival reunion, returning to hometown is certainly an excellent way, but the Spring Festival cannot be separated from the post, and returning to the wrong peak I still have a strong feeling.If I choose a third place to travel for the holiday, why is it another kind of joy? The environment of the times has changed, and the cultural form will also change accordingly.Some forms of the past that represent "nianweier" may leave us.Go away, but as long as the heart is together, you can find a new "nianweier" and replace it without leaving an emotional or cultural gap.
The gist of this text is:
A.The importance of the Spring Festival has changed for Chinese people
B.Cultural change is a normal phenomenon led by its essence
C.There are many kinds of time for family reunion, and the form can be chosen
D.Whether culture is vacant depends on whether people's hearts are together

c
The reform has entered a stage of deep interest adjustment and power reconstruction, with increasing resistance.However, no matter how hard the bones are, the deeper the river will be.The core of government reform is to simplify administration and decentralize power, and change functions.The Central Government has made three orders and implemented the list system.The efforts have been modest, but the results have been difficult to satisfy the people.In many places and departments, it is difficult to put power in place and the environment in which it is difficult to manage.So many "double innovation" "Behavior is subject to the suspension of policy, so many companies are not fighting the battlefield, but falling into the" last mile "of administrative approval.
This text mainly states:
A.The deeper the reform, the greater the resistance encountered
B.Reform is unavoidable, and pain is inevitable
C.Deepening reforms is no delay
D.The huge potential of innovation and development lies in reform

b
Under the new normal, the "sharing economy" provides new ideas for economic structural adjustment and industrial structure transformation.In the information age, the logistics industry has a wide coverage, involving many parties, and the main players in the logistics market are small and scattered, with many operating links The heterogeneous characteristics, in particular, require companies, logistics companies and other parties to share information and resources, change the logistics operation model and organization model, comprehensively promote information and intelligence, and complete resource integration through a simple, efficient and complete platform.
The text mainly states:
A.The "sharing economy" model should be used mainly in the logistics industry
B.The "sharing economy" model is of great significance to the logistics industry
C.Without the "sharing economy" model, the development prospects of the logistics industry are worrying
D.The tight integration of the logistics industry and the "sharing economy" model

b
Culture is the soul of a country and a nation.History and reality have shown that a nation that has abandoned or betrayed its own history and culture is not only impossible to develop, but also likely to stage a series of historical tragedies.Cultural self-confidence is the foundation Broader and deeper self-confidence is a more basic, deeper and more durable force.Firm cultural self-confidence is a major issue related to the prosperity and decline of the country, cultural security, and national spiritual independence.Without cultural self-confidence, no It is possible to write works that have bones, personality, and charm.
The text mainly states:
A.The meaning of cultural self-confidence
B.The importance of cultural confidence
C.The relationship between culture and the rise and fall of the National Games
D.Excellent works must reflect cultural confidence

b
When the development of an organization is slow, and internal problems occur, the company must change its management model.When external changes have little impact, the company can adjust the daily management details to adapt to the changes; and when small adjustments cannot adapt to changes, the company Management change needs to be considered.It should be noted that adaptive adjustment and management change may not be 100% successful, but without adjustment or change, the business of the enterprise will inevitably fail.
Regarding this text, the following understanding is accurate:
A.The sluggish development of a company often indicates a problem with the management of the company
B.Bad problems that occur within the enterprise can be considered for adaptive adjustment first
C.Unsuccessful corporate management adjustments or changes will lead to failure of business operations
D.The impact of external changes is the decisive factor in changing the management model of an enterprise

a
It is important to protect the historical relics, but it is more indispensable to be in awe of the history that the ancestors have gone through.Not paying attention to the cultural bloodline behind the historical relics, forcibly demolishing and rebuilding is actually a display of contemporary culture.A way of power.Technically speaking, as long as there are drawings, maybe any kind of building can be reconstructed, but the history and culture carried on it are difficult to reproduce.Cultural heritage and history have its own footprint, It did not happen overnight.If you think that with a huge investment and a pile of building materials, you can connect with history and follow the context, I am afraid that cultural relics will become modern playthings.
The text mainly states:
A.Protecting cultural relics requires awe and respect for the history and culture behind it
B.All historical relics should not be demolished or rebuilt
C.Historical relics are the carrier of historical culture
D.Historical artifacts that have disappeared can be restored through reconstruction

d
"Economic financialization" has become the direct cause of the financial crisis.When a currency has the magic power to buy everything in the market, it becomes a symbol of wealth, making those who are more profitable and light-hearted fall into the quagmire of monetary fetishism, and the infinite pursuit of monetary wealth will Bring disasters to society.Today, economic globalization is more harmful and will quickly spread into a global crisis.To this end, we must attach importance to the governance and supervision of the financial industry.
Regarding this text, the following understanding is accurate:
A.Money is a symbol of wealth
B.Money plunges people into fetishism
C.Economic globalization may lead to a global financial crisis
D.The pursuit of monetary wealth can bring disaster to society

c
The practical idea of reading is dissolving the most moving and interesting part of it.However, in these moving, interesting and "useless" knowledge and thoughts, young people can discover the lack of the soul, and the spirit is bathed in the long luster .Nowadays universities offer courses in classical literature, aesthetic theory, etc., with this intention.When knowledge comes out of dogmatic theory, it will become an existence with temperature.
Regarding this text, the following misunderstandings are:
A.Blindly pursuing practical ideas of reading can make reading dull and boring
B.Young people should abandon the idea of pursuing only the practicality of knowledge
C.University courses such as classical literature, aesthetic theory lack value
D.Excessive pursuit of the practicality of knowledge can make it lack of temperature

a
Consolidating computational thinking is an important goal of each stage of education.Only in this way can students develop their ability on the basis of the previous level.Computational thinking helps solve problems in any field.For example, breaking down a large problem into several Small problems, feasibility paths for designing small experiments through reasoning, and co-designing solutions to problems with others.Adopting these strategies in different environments can make students understand that computational thinking is far more useful than computers.
Regarding this text, the following understanding is accurate:
A.Cultivating computational thinking is an important part of education
B.Students' dependence on computers should be reduced
C.Solving problems in any field depends on computational thinking
D.Computational thinking can be developed in a phased manner

c
Different from the new urban development concept of developed countries, many cities in China are still obsessed with creating "garden cities".If "garden cities" are understood as flowers and trees, this is not good in itself.The problem is that there are many places It is wrong to understand the "garden city" as a low density and wide road, especially the blind pursuit of wide roads, large squares and large green belts in the construction of new cities.
The following statement is most likely in line with the author's point of view:
A."Garden City" is an outdated concept of urban development
B."Garden City" doesn't just mean flowers and trees
C.The construction of "garden city" should not blindly pursue low density and wide roads
D.China's misunderstanding of the concept of "garden city"

a
In the current world, devices are highly interconnected, and security and privacy are highly valued.In the future where the brain can be interconnected, these two issues will only become more critical.Mental safety researchers need to develop highly secure communication protocols to The risk of brain-brain communication is minimized.Policy makers also need to pass relevant laws to minimize the abuse of technology.Can the benefits of brain-brain communication overcome its risks? How will this technology change human evolution? Trajectory? Will society be better because of it? Perhaps it is time to discuss these issues.
The text mainly states:
A.The possible negative effects of brain-brain communication technology should be paid attention to
B.Security and privacy are the most noteworthy issues in brain-to-brain communication technology
C.Society may not be better because of the application of brain-brain communication technology
D.Brain-brain communication technology is a double-edged sword

d
Simply put, the review is mainly for people in the circle, sometimes even for industry peers, so it is described entirely in pure professional language.But Yuanke's popular works are different, and its target is people outside the field.For this reason, it is necessary for the person who knows this industry to sort out the origin and background of knowledge, and even the painstaking experience and experience of scientific research.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The relationship between the review and the popular science
B.Summary and the connotation of Yuan popular science
C.Generalities of review and metascience
D.Differences between review and metascience

d
In recent years, researchers have developed an "artificial skin" that can mimic the characteristics of healthy young skin and is expected to become the "second layer of skin" for humans."Artificial skin" is a cross-blending of medicine, biology, chemistry, materials, engineering, etc.Many disciplines have finally achieved such results through continuous screening, optimization and clinical testing of materials.In reality, there are many similar results, such as the close cooperation between cardiac surgeons, electrical engineers and computer scientists.Using 3D printing to transform the scanned image of a patient's diseased heart into a physical model for cardiac surgery.Historically, no medical technology and medical device innovation were done by a clinician or a subject expert alone.Based on clinical issues Multidisciplinary cooperation can truly achieve independent innovation in the field of medical technology and medical devices.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Independent medical innovation promotes multidisciplinary cooperation
B.Significant achievements in independent innovation in the medical field
C.Medical technology and medical devices are difficult to innovate
D.Independent medical innovation relies on multidisciplinary cooperation

a
The high housing prices in first-tier cities and the pursuit of quality of life for young people after the 90s have led to the rise of rented apartments.Catering to the consumption concept of young people, rented apartments have changed from the last resort to a way to enjoy life.According to the survey, Although owning their own housing is still a rigid demand of the post-90s, only 30% of them are willing to reduce the quality of life in order to buy a house; another 56% are not willing to buy a house because the excessive mortgage will reduce the quality of life.In short, these post-90s who value more personal value may become the "non-buying house generation."
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Many post-90s are unwilling to reduce the quality of life in order to buy a house
B.Post-90s young people's future housing demand is very strong
C.Renting is a more acceptable way of living for most people
D.High urban house prices affect the willingness of most young people to buy a house

a
At present, the rise in seawater temperature has caused a series of bleaching events.Researchers are very worried about the fate of global corals.Researchers have found that zooxanthellae can use photosynthesis to produce the nutrients needed by itself and its hosts.When symbiotic algae called zooxanthellae, corals that lost colored algae gradually turned white, and bleaching occurred.If the bleaching continued, the only thing waiting for coral reefs would be death.
From this we can deduce:
A.Limiting the rise in atmospheric temperature will at least give coral reefs some time to adapt
B.Global warming causes slower and slower calcification of coral reef systems offshore
C.The continued rise in temperature will lead to longer intervals between bleaching events
D.Temperature rises cause shallow water corals to seek shelter in deeper waters

b
In recent years, the development of new energy vehicles in China has achieved staged results.The promotion and application of new energy vehicles across the country has steadily advanced.A complete industrial chain has been formed in China from raw material supply to vehicle manufacturing, and a certain industrial scale has been formed.In 2016, new energy vehicle companies with annual sales of more than 10,000 vehicles worldwide accounted for more than half of China's, far ahead of other countries.Clean energy vehicles have once again attracted attention.On the one hand, it is conducive to the continued promotion of the healthy and sustainable development of the new energy vehicle industry.It is conducive to the promotion of common hybrid power, natural gas, methanol and other clean energy sources, and the co-existence of multiple technological routes, which is conducive to promoting the transition and upgrading of China's automotive industry to a low-carbon, clean.
The text is intended to explain:
A.China has a bright future for clean energy vehicles, and it is already a world leader
B.Clean energy vehicles can promote the healthy development of China's automobile, energy and other industries
C.China's new energy vehicle industry chain is gradually improving, and the comprehensive social benefits are obvious
D.Clean energy vehicles will become a weapon for China's auto industry to catch up with European and American countries

d
In recent years, with the rapid development of social media such as Weibo and WeChat, rumors about food have been rumbling, which has caused great disturbance to people's daily life.At the China Food Rumor Forum held recently, intelligent warning processing of Chinese food rumors The platform is officially launched, and high hopes are given to crack the status quo of food rumors.Complete and improve the platform and mechanism for food safety reporting, and integrate the reporting mechanism into the intelligent early warning processing platform for food rumors, so that closed-loop management of food rumor management can truly establish consumption.Confidence in food safety.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Rumors about food are raging, and rumor warning platforms have emerged as the times require.
B.Food safety is overwhelming, and it is urgent to establish a reporting mechanism
C.Governance of food safety rumors should not rely solely on rumor warning platforms
D.Governance of food safety rumors must first pay attention to its reporting platform and the corresponding mechanism

d
A British study found that chewing can activate an oral immune cell called Th17, which protects the mouth from common bacterial and fungal infections.Researchers fed mice with harder food in the laboratory.Increasing the number of times they chewed when they ate, which successfully led to an increase in the number of Th17 immune cells in mice, demonstrating the effect of chewing on activating the relevant immune system.Unlike immune cells in the skin, intestine and other parts, The activation mechanism is relatively unique.It is not activated by the appearance of bacteria, but by chewing behavior, which triggers an immune response in the gums.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The unique mechanism of Th17 immune cell activation is that it is activated by chewing
B.Immune cells in the mouth that resist bacterial and fungal infections can only be activated by chewing
C.Chewing behavior evokes an immune response in the gums more than bacteria
D.Proper chewing behavior helps boost oral immunity

d
Today, we are already living in the information age.The database we have is becoming more and more comprehensive.It is no longer just a little bit of poor data at hand, but includes a large amount or even all of the data related to these phenomena.We no longer need So worrying about the negative impact of a particular stronghold on the entire analysis.What we have to do is accept and benefit from this plethora of data, instead of eliminating all uncertainty at a high cost.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.All data information is inevitably uncertain
B.A single data point has no significant negative impact on the overall analysis
C.Big data speaks with probability, not stubbornly
D.In the era of big data, we must learn to accept and identify complexity and confusion

d
Speaking of the impact of ocean acidification, treasure crabs worth about 2.2 dollars a year in fisheries may be affected by the reduction of their own food sources and will face a strong downturn in the next 50 years.But pteropods, copepods, are vulnerable to acidification Damaged tiny sea creatures with shells may experience a slight decline because they are abundant enough to withstand most of the effects.At the same time, marine mammals and sea birds are less affected by ocean acidification.
From this text, we can see that the author thinks:
A.The market outlook for treasure crab is dim
B.The development of tiny marine life is optimistic
C.Ocean acidification affects the development of marine life
D.Ocean acidification has little effect on marine life

c
Although remakes are easier than re-creating or "starting another stove", you can't ignore the quality of the script because of remakes.Huddle making is even more impractical.Creation is the first priority and the basis for remake success.If it fails, it is not only the audience that is lost, but also the collapse of the original successful image and the devaluation of the brand.
The above text is intended to emphasize the remake:
A.It's not necessarily easier than "new shoot"
B.Don't mess up and subvert the classics
C.Need for further excavation and innovation
D.If it fails, it will eat back the original word of mouth

b
A daze corresponds to thoughts.When a person is in a daze, there are no thoughts in his mind.It is a feeling of living in the present and immersed in reality.The thoughts focus on the past and the future.Too many thoughts, people will Gradually lose their connection with the real world and fall into all kinds of emotions.At this time, you need to cut off the power at the right time, turn off your thoughts, draw your attention back to reality, and reconnect with this real world.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Thoughts are cranky, daze is the focus on the present
B.Too much thought is risky and must be dazed from time to time
C.Dazed can effectively counter unrealistic illusions
D.Being in a daze means living in the moment, it has practical significance

c
Spiritual poverty is more terrible than physical poverty.Some poor areas and poor villages cannot help for many years, help but not rich, help but not strong, and lack of poor thinks of change, and poor think of diligence.There is a certain relationship between the spirit of struggle.Some places take the initiative to "return to poverty".They are happy to be in poverty-stricken counties and are unwilling to take off poverty.Some poor households are not active in developing agricultural and sideline industries."Poverty" and "spirit and poverty"."Hard work is worse than suffering" and "waiting for others to send a well-off".Similar ideas can be said to be a stumbling block and a stumbling block to the road of poverty alleviation.Attitude drip irrigation and targeted therapy.
The most suitable item for the above text title is:
A.Broad Poverty Alleviation
B.Terrible mental poverty
C.Fighting the Poverty Alleviation Campaign
D.Roadblockers on the road to poverty

c
Human height is one of the biological traits.People have always thought that height is mainly determined by a combination of genetic, diet and environmental factors.However, after humans have recognized the role of genes, they have begun to think that genes play a major role in determining the height.So after the completion of the human genome project, it began to search for genes related to height and obtain its information and knowledge related to health, disease and so on.
The most likely next is:
A.The difference in height is in appearance and the difference in health status is also large.
B.Diet, environment, and personal health affect genetics
C.Finding data related to height genes and empirical analysis
D.Height-determining genes also affect health, disease, etc.

b
The traditional view of understanding the working mechanism of visual perception goes back to the 16th century French philosopher Descartes.Descartes believes that the brain first constructs a mirror model of the external world, and then in the brain, we observe this like watching a movie According to this view, inverted glasses cause the internal mirror model to be inverted, and the brain generates visual perception based on this inverted mirror.However, more and more people are beginning to question this interpretation, and Degener is one of them.The visual phenomenon he experienced on the 30th day of the experiment led him to the opposite of Cartesian mirror theory.
The most likely to press down is:
A.How visual perception works
B.Degener's experimental results
C.How Inverted Glasses Work
D.Flaws in Cartesian mirror theory

d
Hold the fingerprint on the screen, this is mainly because the thickness of the screen module itself causes the sensor to not collect enough useful signals.This makes the front capacitive fingerprint recognition scheme useless on full-screen mobile phones.The screen, literally explained, is that the front of the phone is all screens, adopting a bezel-less design, and pursuing a screen ratio of close to 100%.However, due to the current technology, the full-screen phone claimed by the industry is only a super high screen Compared with mobile phones.If you want to make the full screen more "full" or even close to the real "full screen", the fingerprint recognition under the screen must be overcome.There are two main known fingerprint recognition schemes under the screen: One is the use of OLED to achieve, that is, optical identification; the other is ultrasonic fingerprint recognition
According to this text, the following statements are wrong:
A.At present, there are no mobile phones with a screen ratio of 100% on the market.
B.Front capacitive fingerprint recognition has not been implemented on a true full-screen phone
C.Under-screen fingerprint recognition technology is one of the keys to real full-screen mobile phones
D.At present, no mobile phone can use optical or ultrasonic fingerprint recognition technology

b
Studies have found that organic carbon, elemental carbon, L-glucan, galactan, mannan, p-hydroxybenzoic acid, vanillic acid, syringic acid and dehydroabietic acid all show high values in autumn in Lumbini.The lowest in summer.The content of L-glucan in this region is comparable to the concentration level in areas affected by biomass burning in South Asia, which indicates that biomass burning has an important impact on the atmospheric environment in Lumbini.The organic carbon, elemental carbon and L-glucan have a significant correlation, indicating that biomass combustion is the main source of high-concentration carbonaceous components in the region.The results of the ratio of L-glucan / mannan and vanillic acid / syringic acid shows that the types of biomass burning in the area are mainly crop residues and hardwood burning.
Based on the above, the following statements are true:
A.More crop residues and hardwoods in Lumbini
B.Biomass combustion increases carbon concentration in Lumbini
C.Biomass combustion continues to deteriorate the atmospheric environment in Lumbini
D.The quality of the atmospheric environment in Lumbini is better in autumn and worse in summer

d
Lithium-ion battery is a very important energy storage technology, which is widely used in portable electronic devices and new energy vehicles.With the advent of the era of electric vehicles and smart grids, the large-scale development of lithium-ion batteries is limited by the bottleneck of lithium resource shortage.Compared with lithium, sodium reserves are abundant, widely distributed, low cost, and have similar physical and chemical properties to lithium, so the research of sodium ion batteries has once again received extensive attention from the scientific and industrial circles.Compared with lithium ion batteries, sodium The energy density of ion batteries is usually low.Although it is not suitable for applications in the field of portable electronic equipment and electric vehicles with high energy density requirements, it is suitable for low-speed electric vehicles that are not too energy-intensive and cost-sensitive.And communication base stations, home energy storage and other fields.
The following options match the meaning of this text:
A.In terms of economic benefits, sodium ion batteries are more affordable than lithium ion batteries
B.The expensive construction cost of lithium-ion batteries is the bottleneck of its development
C.Sodium ion batteries have a wider range of applications than lithium ion batteries
D.Lithium-ion batteries will not be completely replaced by sodium-ion batteries

b
Caustic soda, sodium hydroxide, is a highly corrosive "high-risk chemical".However, caustic soda is also a "processing aid that can be used in various types of food processing and does not require a residual amount." It is a highly efficient Acidity regulator.However, caustic soda used for food processing needs "food grade", and many reports mention "illegal merchants use industrial caustic soda".The difference between food grade caustic soda and industrial caustic soda is not the main component, but the former Heavy metal impurities require monitoring, the latter does not.In fact, the use of sodium hydroxide in food is the responsibility of the staff.In the final food, their "corrosiveness" has long ceased to exist.As for the use of industrial caustic soda , It belongs to the use of "unqualified raw materials" and should be cracked down.
Among the following options, what does not match the meaning of this text:
A.Industrial caustic soda contains a large number of heavy metal impurities and cannot be used in food processing
B.The use of caustic soda in food processing poses a risk of corrosion by workers
C.The use of caustic soda in food processing is not illegal, and there is even no regulation on its residual amount
D.The main components of food-grade caustic soda and industrial caustic soda are basically the same, and both can be used as acidity regulators

c
Although China's science popularization work has made great progress, there is still an order of magnitude gap between developed countries and developed countries in terms of quantity and quality.On some major issues of social concern, scientists should take the initiative to speak out.We must transform scientific language For the people to understand the language, tell the truth truthfully.If even scientists are unwilling to speak, let the truth be missing, and rumors spread, it will inevitably cause public panic and confusion.
The above text is intended to emphasize:
A.Popular science work should be popular and grounded
B.The number of popular science books in China is small and the quality is poor
C.Scientists have the obligation to do science
D.Scientists should adhere to the principle of seeking truth and being pragmatic

c
The science of the 17th century was empiricist science.At that time, it was generally believed that human beings could use the senses to collect as much data as possible and finally understand the entire world through this data.Based on this, scientific discoveries were accidental and widely accepted.Scientific development and the use of new scientific instruments have increased the amount of scientific research data to a geometric progression.This situation has made previous experience no longer applicable-humans can no longer process and master these data by the senses alone.At the same time, the way to explore and mine data can even allow scientists to "plan contingency."
Based on this text, the most likely next is:
A.Limitations of empirical science
B.What is the chance of scientific discovery
C.How scientists "plan contingency"
D.Specific ways to explore and mine data

b
According to Marshall's definition, consumer surplus refers to the net income obtained by consumers through commodity exchange.Specifically, it is the difference between the consumer's willingness to purchase a product and the actual transaction price.This means that the size of consumer surplus It depends on two factors: the buyer's willing price and the actual transaction price.We know that the actual transaction price is the market price.No single buyer or seller can control the market price.It depends on the market.If the transaction price is the market price, the consumer's remaining size It depends on the buyer's willing price.The higher the buyer's willing price, the greater the consumer surplus.
One item that matches the meaning of this text is:
A.Consumer surplus is affected by seller pricing behavior
B.Consumer surplus will increase or decrease according to changes in market prices
C.The size of the consumer surplus depends on the buyer's willing price
D.The size of consumer surplus is less affected by market changes

c
The sharing economy is an economy in which ownership and use rights are separated.It integrates a large number of fragmented resources through Internet technology to achieve maximum supply and demand matching in the entire society.On the one hand, a large number of idle resources in the hands of individuals and enterprises It can be fully used through the sharing economy, thereby reducing waste of resources.On the other hand, the existing overcapacity and the main reason for product backlogs are that production companies cannot understand demand in a timely manner, and the sharing economy can use big data to solve information problems.The problem of symmetry is to achieve on-demand production and achieve efficient allocation and efficient use of resources.These can alleviate the excessive consumption of resources to a certain extent, thereby reducing pollutant emissions and effectively reducing the probability of environmental pollution.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The allocation of resources is closely related to environmental issues
B.Sharing economy changes the way social resources are allocated
C.The sharing economy can effectively alleviate pressure on resources and the environment
D.Controlling environmental pollution depends on the development of the sharing economy

d
In general, there are several characteristic nodes in the development of an industry.When a new technology is born, there will be an intensive product release period.During this period, it will experience rapid technology and product iterations and rapid price changes.In the digital field, the discontinuation or iteration of many products is mostly related to the consumer habits and desire to pursue new things.For example, as the camera function of smartphones becomes more mature and the pixels are higher, the entire digital camera industry begins Transformation and take a professional high-end line.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Factors Affecting Technology and Product Iteration
B.The uniqueness of the iteration cycle of technology products
C.Digital products are updated more frequently
D.The consumer market has a significant impact on product development strategies

d
Although the speed of driverless technology updates is overwhelming for the general public, so far, no company has launched a complete and mature product, and most companies are still stuck in the driverless test link.For a new technology, testing The closer the real environment is, the more accurate the results will be.But cars are different from other products.Once an accident occurs, public safety will be endangered.Therefore, driverless towns were born based on this demand.Currently, Shanghai, Zhejiang , Beijing and other places are rushing to build unmanned towns, and the enthusiasm of local governments for this has greatly promoted the further development of unmanned research.Technology is important, but it is obviously not in the future unmanned field The only decisive link.
The text is meant to illustrate the "driverless industry":
A.Technology is not the only determinant of its development
B.Facing many unresolved technical barriers
C.is favored by more and more local governments
D.Unable to leave government intervention and support

a
Technological innovation can bring about a change in reading methods.The invention of printing has made reading more popular and convenient, and the development of electronic technology has created a new form of books and periodicals, giving birth to a free reading method of "anytime, anywhere, anytime." With the pressure of work and life, people can spend less and less time concentrating on reading.Micro-reading using fragmented time solves this problem to a certain extent.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Technology advances the evolution of reading styles
B.Decreased reading time drives the popularity of micro-reading
C.Publishers should adjust according to changes in reading methods
D.Micro-reading caters to today's lifestyle

c
Looking back at the Chinese nation, because there are those shining poems and poems, the long dynasty changes will no longer be monotonous, and the Chinese civilization will become more and more brilliant.Today we are talking about protecting the environment and building an ecological civilization.Feel the beauty, cultivate and improve the aesthetic ability.Needless to say, poetry has become increasingly niche, and those who can deeply understand it, not in the majority, cannot be forced.But through popular packaging, more people can get closer to nature through poetry and feel It is undoubtedly a positive energy thing to change, experience the rhythm of life, and thus appreciate the beauty of nature.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The Chinese nation has a tradition of loving poetry and loving nature
B.Building an ecological civilization requires the nourishment of traditional culture
C.Poetry is becoming increasingly niche, requiring popular forms of packaging
D.Appreciation of ancient poetry helps to cultivate public environmental awareness

c
Once a country has stepped on the development ladder, the demands of citizens will increase.At this time, the government only guarantees that it is not enough to increase income.The government must change its mindset from material-based to regulatory-based.Studies targeting Asia Pacific countries have found Citizens' satisfaction with the public service-related projects they receive, such as education, health care, and public safety, plays an important role in their evaluation of government performance.In recent years, Asian countries have increasingly paid more attention to public service satisfaction.Improve, and formed some distinctive practices.
This paragraph is most likely to talk about Asian countries:
A.Reasons for attaching importance to public service satisfaction
B.Data on citizen satisfaction with public services
C.Innovative approaches to improve public service satisfaction
D.Public service satisfaction as a percentage of government performance

b
Smart cities use information and communication technology to sense, analyze, and integrate key information of the core system of urban operation to realize smart management and operation of the city, thereby meeting various needs including people's livelihood, environmental protection, public safety, and industrial and commercial activities Make intelligent responses to create a better life for the people in the city and promote the sustainable growth of the city.According to statistics, as of now, more than 500 cities in China have made a total of about 500 Or is building a smart city, which accounts for about half of the total number of smart cities created in the world.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Essential conditions for building a smart city
B.Current status of smart city construction in China
C.The development direction of future urban construction
D.The relationship between smart cities and sustainable development

c
In the past, our peasant image formation has formed two habitual models: one is to positively tell how the protagonist uses the methods of tolerance and humiliation, self-sacrifice or good character to win the enemy and win in binary oppositions such as reform and conservative or advanced and backward The villagers trust and make progress in reform; the other is to resolve the contradictions and maintain the appeal to the audience through a series of skit or comedy stories of the hero.The aesthetic consequence of these two habitual models is that the image of the peasant has almost become Invariable symbols, lack of due richness and attractiveness, and a huge gap with real life.This model is a flattening of the reality itself.
What this text is most likely to say next is:
A.What are the disadvantages of a single description of the peasant image?
B.What is the description of the pattern of the peasant image?
C.What has changed in the image of farmers now being shaped?
D.What are the advantages of "flattening the reality itself"

a
Today, young parents of the new generation generally have received comprehensive higher education, and some have experience studying and living overseas, and have their own understanding and requirements for their children's enlightenment education.Imported cartoons, whether in narrative style or performance In terms of methods, they are closer to their aesthetic standards.At the same time, children's understanding ability is also rising, and they can observe and understand the world earlier.In fact, the domestic animation resources are not without them, such as the reason for "Journey to the West" It has become a classic, has been adapted many times, and has been popular all the time, because its myth system is a projection of reality.The key question is whether domestic producers have the ability to think deeply and dig into reality.
From this text it can be seen that the author's point is:
A.Depression in domestic animation stems from poor producers
B.China's animation industry should learn from foreign counterparts
C.Domestic animation should keep up with the aesthetic requirements of the audience
D.There is no shortage of excellent animation materials in China

d
Anyone who knows the process of making banknotes knows that the banknotes everywhere have an art-like production process.First, artists need to design artwork, or hand-painted or cut and paste, and these manuscripts need to be reviewed in detail by the relevant departments before they are approved.The paper selection work is also very sophisticated.The most basic characteristics of paper are to wear resistance, folding resistance, corrosion resistance, acid and alkali resistance, etc.Anti-counterfeiting technology is also the focus of banknotes.This requires a lot of high-tech, security lines, and color lines.The perfect fusion of technologies such as blue fiber can distinguish it from counterfeit banknotes to the greatest extent.In addition, figures, flowers, and other patterns need to be artistic, because coins represent the image of a country, at least make people look comfortable and have both.The potential of "collection".
The text is intended to explain:
A.The process of making banknotes is tedious and complicated
B.Banknotes are a fusion of multiple high-tech
C.Banknotes are rich in artistic value
D.Banknotes have strict requirements on various processes

d
Copyright protection in the Internet era requires more flexible and inclusive policies and measures, while protecting the interests of creators and copyright owners, it also reserves space for the Internet's open and shared endogenous power.In fact, pirated books were produced and sold offline from the early days., CDs and audio cassettes, today with a click of a mouse and typing on the keyboard, you can easily copy the intellectual achievements of others, which has long been a problem of copyright infringement.Some media platforms with large numbers of users automatically reprint others' news works without authorization In the Internet age, how to prevent the embarrassment of "I work hard to grow grass and you free sheep" without hindering the spirit of the open and shared Internet, how to resolve the new type of communication characterized by interactive communication and the existing copyright system.Conflict, which requires more flexible and inclusive policy measures.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.The grim situation of online copyright protection
B.Copyright protection should be based on network characteristics
C."Unbreakable" in-network copyright protection
D.Copyright protection "call" policy support

a
When talking about the history of human art, people tend to value language, especially as the language of the text.Because people are used to thinking that vision is intuitive, specific and emotional, lacking deep and complicated meanings.But from a historical perspective, People are creating and touching images before using and understanding the text, and the history of the relationship between humans and images is far longer than that of humans and texts.The expression and communication of images not only have a long history, but people often find that many At that time, the experience and interpretation of visual art was as difficult as grasping the language and writing, and even more complicated.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Lack of awareness of the importance of images in art history
B.Discussion of art history should not be limited to language
C.The complexity of images makes visual art difficult to understand
D.The human visual system is more fully developed than the language system

d
The 1960 U.S.presidential election was the first campaign to be shown on television.The television debate highlighted Nixon's disadvantages and allowed Kennedy to make a comeback.In the reverse process of U.S.urbanization (i.e., suburbanization), the panicked middle class and workers The class wants the country to change, and this mentality of change also makes Kennedy a beneficiary.The result of the election has pushed the civil rights movement to a climax, slowing the process of the conservative right-led dominating political agenda in the United States, and cutting-edge science, public facilities and society funded by the government The welfare industry has continued its rapid development for more than ten years, bringing by-products such as revolutionary new technologies such as personal computers and the Internet.
This text mainly introduces:
A.The decisive role of the media in the US election
B.The impact of popular psychology on the US election
C.Reasons for the rapid development of the United States in the 1960s and 1970s
D.The far-reaching significance of the 1960 US presidential election

c
Indian film used to be synonymous with the dull and lengthy stage play.The mode is the same, the story is old-fashioned, and the characters are typed.Mumbai's "Bollywood" also makes people think it is a fake with a strong color, because it mimics the name of "Hollywood".The production base of dramas.However, after undergoing genre films such as song and dance films, superhero films, and romantic films, Indian films have a production volume of more than 1,900 a year, which makes its film industry show a spectacular weather against the Hollywood Chamber.Especially recently For more than a decade, Indian filmmakers have been a godsend to build a bridge between reality and illusion.Therefore, their ability to tell stories in this world's largest film market has been increasingly enhanced, and they have spoken wonderfully.story.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The most prominent feature of Indian film is good storytelling
B.Indian films go through a process of quantitative change to qualitative change
C.Changes in the model have promoted the development of Indian films
D.Indian films are becoming more precise about market preferences

c
On a positive level, overconsumption is a sign of the improvement of people's material living standards and the improvement of consumption capacity.At the same time, people's consumption concepts are also constantly upgrading, which objectively has also led to a faster increase in the rate of product replacement., And the prominent waste phenomenon.But the more fundamental reason is that the context of the consumer society has always encouraged people's consumer behavior by giving new meaning to goods and consumption.
Which of the following is most suitable as the title above?
A.Excessive consumption cannot be controlled
B.Change perceptions and reduce excessive consumption
C.What drives overconsumption
D.Excessive consumption kidnapped by symbols

a
When the cohesion of group members is high, group members tend to keep their views consistent with the group, while other controversial, creative and even more objective and reasonable ideas will be ignored or suppressed.This may cause the group to make unreasonable Even bad decision-making.Similar phenomena may appear in the process of public opinion on the Internet.People are more likely to be attracted to the forum where they agree and continue to deepen their original views.This may cause group fans Thinking, the formation of incorrect but dominant opinions favored by the majority, and the situation where dissidents are "represented" and hold a speech.
What does this text give to government management?
A.Internet public opinion may not be able to represent the true thoughts of Internet users, and the government should discriminate against this when seeking public opinion
B.The expression of public opinion on the Internet is false and not suitable as a channel for the government to solicit public opinion
C.Anonymity in cyberspace makes it easy to manipulate online public opinion, and the government should strengthen its control over cyberspace
D.When seeking public opinion through the Internet, the government should speak less and listen more, allowing different opinions and even questions to exist

a
At present, the reform of the examination and admission system in China is in full swing.It is hoped that the reform of the basic education stage will be promoted through the reform of the college entrance examination and encourage middle schools to adjust the education direction from "simple education" to "full education" and from the pursuit of academic results to promoting students At the same time, through comprehensive quality evaluation to encourage personalized education in middle schools, guide students to self-awareness, find their own expertise and personality.Conversely, if the mid-term entrance examination program continues to expand, it may not only affect education reform at this stage.Quality may also offset the results of the college entrance examination reform.
What opinion does this passage hold that from the realistic logic of China's education reform?
A.It is the general trend of education reform to implement weight-loss reform for extra points in the middle school entrance examination.
B.Examination bonus policy reform is a necessary prerequisite to reflect the effect of the reform of the college entrance examination
C.In order to highlight the nature of educating people and educating people, it is necessary to completely eliminate the extra points for the entrance examination.
D.Extra credits for middle school entrance examinations should conform to the laws of education and further promote educational equity

c
The map is originally a thing, it should not be people, and it cannot be people.If there are people on the map, it is not a map, but a picture.This sentence should be a theorem in the strict sense, but some travel maps are encountered.I m afraid that I have to make a turn-tourism often has both scenery and characters.This is like Taishan, the Terracotta Army in the tourist map must say Qin Shihuang, the Ming Tombs must refer to the Ming Emperor, the Summer Palace tour The picture must say the same as Empress Dowager Cixi, because many scenes in that environment begin with human activities and add aesthetic value because of human activities.
What does the author of this passage think?
A.A map with people is not a real map
B.Maps with people can add more aesthetic value to the map
C.The tourist map must be marked with symbols and characters
D.A travel map is also a kind of map

a
At present, publicity has become a museum and one of the most important properties of art museums.A large exhibition can create a grand event that breaks the threshold and is empty.This is the most convenient way for modern people to have a relationship with art.If there are still people today Continuing the gurgling water, watching the poetry and painting, and widely advertising it as a show off, it is inevitable that the people will be regarded as "too outfit", and eventually fall into an arty laugh.
What does this passage mean?
A.Aesthetic methods need to keep pace with the times
B.The more history develops, the more public the artwork is
C.Pretending to be quaint and appreciating art is not the behavior that modern people should show
D.Chinese art practice is constantly evolving

b
The change in reading scenes has triggered a major change in the field of knowledge: traditional knowledge carriers, pushpins on books have been pried open by the network, and knowledge information has floated into a fragmented existence.The network has amplified these pieces of information, which in turn Changed people's reading mentality.In other words, in the face of massive amounts of information, people's information anxiety is also more serious, time is not enough, and attention is not enough, the information read is like sand in the hand, and I ca nt remember it.The lack of binding tools and binding methods for mass information is the root of what many people call a "reading crisis."
Regarding this text, what is the following understanding?
A.The "reading crisis" is caused by massive information
B.The reader's reading mentality changes as the reading scene changes
C.Traditional reading attracts readers' attention more than online reading
D.The new binding method can solve "reading crisis"

c
Today, under the upright anti-corruption, some cadres lament that they are uncomfortable and not free.In a certain sense, this kind of psychology is inseparable from their views on freedom.As Marx said, the code is the Bible of people's freedom.The reason is easy to understand, but in the subconscious and intuitive feelings, some people still regard freedom as unrestricted, unrestricted, or less restricted, and rarely restricted.The problem is that unrestricted freedom is necessarily distorted and unreal.It can only be left in imagination.Whoever really treats liberty so freely, without resentment, and who does not know awe, will eventually pay a heavy price.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.Self-discipline is the premise and guarantee, and freedom is the purpose and dependence
B.Freedom built on the base of discipline is true freedom
C.A man who is free and happy must be the one who fears the law
D.Failure to abide by self-discipline can lead to both physical and mental discomfort

d
If China wants to do much in the 21st century, it should never work only on the general skills of international competition and interaction.It is more important to recognize the evolution and development of the world's political characteristics in a timely manner, thereby inspiring a larger Strategic wisdom, keen insight into possible future trends in the world, timely elimination of its own disadvantages that are not suitable for future development, safeguarding the security and interests of the country, and seeking the comprehensive development of society.In other words, the mission of international strategy is not and cannot be for the world.Design some sort of self-righteous ending.
What does this passage mean?
A.China's international strategy should recognize the evolution and development trend of world political characteristics
B.China's international strategy should eliminate disadvantages that are not suitable for future development
C.China's international strategy should safeguard national security and interests and seek comprehensive development
D.China's international strategy should adapt to the evolution and development of world political characteristics

a
At present, there are still a large number of bricklayers, rebar workers, boiler workers, painters and other types of workers in China's blue-collar jobs.Due to the influence of professional "discipline", only relevant ones can be found in the professional directory of secondary vocational education in China.Professional names with a strong "discipline", and these professional names make it difficult for students to associate future corresponding employment positions with the above-mentioned blue-collar positions, resulting in "discounts" for graduates who truly enter the above-mentioned blue-collar positions.
What does this text mean?
A.The professional catalog of secondary vocational education in China needs to be adjusted according to actual job needs
B.Professional education in secondary vocational education in China cannot train students to enter blue-collar positions
C.Bricklayer, steelworker, boiler worker and other positions are not traditional blue collar workers
D.The disconnection between the professional name setting and the actual educational content leads to difficulties in employment for secondary vocational students

b
At present, Internet technology is developing rapidly, and at the same time as technological progress, new security loopholes are constantly being created.It is often the power of the government to maintain information security.The frontier technologies of Internet security are mostly in the hands of enterprises and need to be updated.Mobilize more social forces and give play to the role of enterprises and the market.Through market incentives, you can also mobilize "white hat" cyber security volunteers to actively discover and report cyber security vulnerabilities.
What does this text mean?
A.Whether it is good at protecting the personal information of citizens, not only reflects the national idea, but also involves national interests
B.Social incentives should be mobilized through market incentives to ensure network information security
C.How to protect the security of personal information is not only a technical proposition, but also an institutional proposition
D.Mobilizing social forces to participate in the protection of network information security can achieve the result of twice the result with half the effort

a
In recent years, Guangzhou's economy is undergoing a profound transformation.Prior to this, Guangzhou, as an important global business center, was more focused on gathering goods and people around the world.Now Guangzhou is building a hub-type network city to bring together more important cities.Capital and intellectual (technical) elements to form a global high-end factor allocation hub.At the same time, Guangzhou's industrial structure has also accelerated its optimization.On the basis of the original automobile, daily chemical and other advantageous industries, it represents the "both ends" of the future industry direction.Industries-"terminal industries" and "high-end industries" are being introduced into Guangzhou and achieving clustered development, thus complementing the city's long-standing industry shortcomings.
What's best for this text title?
A.Guangzhou's self-reform in line with the global industry trend
B.Future development trends of the Guangzhou industrial system
C.Guangzhou's future economic system construction
D.Guangzhou's future economic and economic development strategy deployment

d
The enforcement effect of the law is largely determined by the attitude of the public and law enforcers to illegal behavior.The prohibition on the display of fireworks and firecrackers is inconsistent with the Chinese custom of "firecrackers should be set off on New Year's and festive occasions".In most cases, In the minds of Chinese people, setting off fireworks and firecrackers is an important sign of "resigning the old and welcoming the new" and "lively and lively for the New Year." Even in the consciousness of many people, there will be "how can we count the New Year without setting off firecrackers?" So many people see others setting off firecrackers and lighting fireworks in violation of laws and regulations, not only do not despise him, but also feel very happy and optimistic, which virtually weakens the effect of execution punishment.
Which of the following statements best fits the above point?
A.Enforcement of laws will not be effective when laws and social customs are inconsistent
B.The effectiveness of law implementation is entirely determined by the law itself
C.All laws and regulations that violate social habits should be repealed
D.Laws and regulations should be consulted when enacting the law

b
In ancient Roman times, in order to ensure the fairness of the trial of judges, judges often did not actively collect or investigate evidence, but only used the evidence submitted by both parties to determine the facts of the case during the trial of the case.Before the trial of the case, the judge Knowing the facts of a case is often unaware of it, which helps to prevent judges from forming unreasonable preconceptions about the facts of the case and avoid prejudice.
Regarding this text, what is the following understanding?
A.Fairness is the number one factor in a judge's trial
B.Preconceptions can have a serious impact on a judge's fair decision
C.Without procedural justice, there is no guarantee that justice will be achieved
D.The judge knows nothing about the facts of the case, which is conducive to a fair trial

a
In all fairness, leisure has been a luxury since ancient times.It depends on the two most difficult prerequisites for ordinary people: material abundance or at least self-sufficient freedom of survival, sufficient spare time, and maybe even relying on nothing to find things To pass the freedom of time.Based on these two prerequisites, supplemented by specific spiritual needs, whether such needs come from piety such as religious inspiration, pure curiosity, or nobleness in order to meet fashion Decent and upbringing, at least in the seventeenth century known as the "scientific rise" or "scientific revolution", science was just a "porcelain job" that few people could afford.
What does the following statement agree with the original?
A.The requirements of leisure and spiritual needs make science difficult to popularize at a particular age
B.Free time can cater to fashion to show nobility, decentness and education
C.In the seventeenth century, only wealthy people could do science-related work
D.Spiritual needs must come from religious calling or spiritual curiosity

c
For infants with cerebral palsy, crawling is difficult.These children have damaged brains and have less control over their muscles, so they often cannot crawl on the ground.Correspondingly, motor skills and spatial positioning are related.The development of neural connections will also be stagnated, which will cause patients to experience more sports-related problems in the future.Some research teams have developed a new device designed to help infants crawl.With the help of machines, Corresponding nerves in infants with suspected cerebral palsy are exercised to learn to crawl earlier and further.
This text is intended to illustrate?
A.Cerebral palsy infants have difficulty crawling
B.Early intervention can improve motion control
C.The new device can help infants with cerebral palsy learn to crawl
D.Infants with brain damage have poor muscle control

a
New technologies often collide with our psychological and cognitive comfort zone with their unique unknown, forward-looking.People are afraid that the development of big data will make them be controlled or replaced in the future.Such concerns cannot be said to be redundant.According to statistics, 90% of the EU's current jobs require people to have some digital skills, and 65% of the new school children in the EU will grow up to engage in occupations that do not currently exist.However, this "new technology" is still in its youth, such as Humans, like themselves, are complex polyhedrons, so observation also requires richer, more diverse perspectives.
Regarding this text, what is the following understanding?
A.It is difficult to work in the EU without some digital skills
B.65% of newly enrolled children in the EU are at risk of unemployment when they grow up
C.The development of new technologies often does more harm than good
D.The development of big data will control humanity itself

b
As far as the world is concerned, in mature markets, large companies all win more profits through continuous innovation.Only in less mature markets can there be room to obtain high profits through other means.In increasingly symmetric information In the era, abnormally high profits are not normal, and companies that make use of factors such as immature consumer psychology to obtain high profits will no longer be welcome.As the domestic market and consumers become more mature and rational, the future of enterprises will definitely be consumption.Provide better and more diverse products.
Which of the following does not meet the author's point of view?
A.In the future, companies can gain more profits through continuous innovation.
B.In the future, companies can only achieve high profits through more trick marketing
C.Only companies that can provide consumers with better and richer products can rise in the future
D.Market maturity affects the possibility of companies earning high profits

d
The meat paradox refers to the fact that some people like to eat meat, but cannot think of the scene in which the animal providing the meat dies.Researchers have found that people use a method called "language camouflage" to let sentient beings and potential The connection between food sources has become more obscure in order to eliminate this cognitive dissonance.For example, when we refer to meat, we don't say the name of the animal directly.In English, pork is called pork, beef is called B.eef, or It s called bacon.In 18th century Japan, because the shogunate banned people from eating animal meat at that time, people who stole meat used plant names to refer to meat, called horse meat as cherry meat, venison as red leaves, Wild pork is called peony.
What does this text mainly explain?
A."Language camouflage" is a manifestation of human deception
B.Japanese love plants more than animals
C.Cultural factors are key to dissolving the meat paradox
D."Language disguise" helps overcome cognitive dissonance

b
Although "new retail" has become the hottest concept at the moment, there is actually no accurate definition of what is new retail.The professional saying is "reconstruction of people, goods, and the Internet and big data", popularly The understanding is probably the combination of online and offline, and then supplemented by technical means such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, etc., to achieve a comprehensive upgrade of the traditional retail industry's production and sales.
What can be said from the original text?
A.The emergence of new technologies such as artificial intelligence is a necessary condition for new retail
B.New retail can make up for the lack of a single offline sales channel in traditional retail
C.New retail uses high-tech, which can effectively reduce traditional labor costs
D.The growth bottleneck of traditional e-commerce is the driving force for new retail

c
Typhoon is a severe and destructive weather, so forecasting and forecasting typhoons has always been an important task in meteorological work.There are many methods for forecasting and forecasting typhoons, but in order to more accurately grasp its generation, development and The traveling route has long been hoped by meteorologists to be able to go deep into the typhoon center to detect it.The purpose of doing this is to more accurately determine the center position of the typhoon; the second is to put a "falling instrument" falling in the eyes of the typhoon.The down gauge can measure the temperature, humidity, and pressure at various altitudes within the eye of the typhoon; the third is to measure the weather conditions such as clouds and weather, wind direction, wind speed, strong wind radius, and degree of bumps, and use a radio automatic transmitter to send to the weather station on the ground The report provides first-hand data for the analysis and forecast of the typhoon's future dynamics by local meteorological stations.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Importance of forecasting and forecasting typhoons
B.How to choose a suitable method to predict typhoons
C.Significance of Deep Typhoon Detection
D.How to get first-hand information on typhoon dynamics

a
According to reports, the base country editing technology can be used to completely treat depression or early dementia, but experts caution that this may obliterate the creativity of patients, and the application of gene editing technology may also cause ethical issues.Once gene editing technology is popularized, parents will use it to "optimize" their children, and the modified genes will inevitably be passed on to future generations, and the "transgenic people" in the movie will appear.Researchers said, "Once this started, We ca nt look back, we must not cross this boundary.Humans can use gene editing technology to treat diseases and produce food and medicine for the benefit of humans, but if this technology is not used properly, it will cause various problems.Today, with the rapid development of science and technology, only by keeping a clear head can human beings continue to progress.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Unexpected consequences of misusing gene editing technology
B."GMO" will raise serious ethical issues
C.The premise of using science and technology is to keep a clear head
D.Gene editing technology has certain limitations in medicine

b
A few years ago, at the beginning of China's vigorous implementation of the "Internet +" action plan, many Western scholars were still wondering: Can China's economic source "re-inject living water" only by transforming and upgrading traditional industries? The "butterfly change" from selling products to providing intelligent equipment takes the Chinese economy again, and they may be able to see more clearly: The thinking of China's transformation is not just to activate "old kinetic energy", but also to cultivate "new kinetic energy".According to the Wall Street Journal, "China used to be famous for cheap labor, and now it has something else to contribute to the worldinnovation." The "tinder" of innovation that is constantly spreading is becoming the "second stage" of China's miracle.New kinetic energy.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Western scholars are self-defeating
B.Innovation is the new driving force for China's economic development
C.The upgrading of traditional industries depends on fostering new momentum
D."Internet +" promotes the successful transformation of China's economy

a
With the quiet melting of sea ice, it is becoming easier and easier to enter the Arctic Ocean.Arctic resources that were not economically exploitable have also emerged as "ice surfaces." The Arctic is known as the "Second Middle East." Resources are also oil and natural gas.57 million years ago, the Arctic Ocean had a warm climate and lush biodiversity.Scientists drilled and sampled on the ridges of the Arctic Ocean bottom, and found thick organics of ferns and plankton in the sediment.Layer, found a large number of plankton and other organic matter in the carbon-rich black core.This carbon-rich sediment is the prerequisite for the formation of oil.Sure enough, since the 1960s, people have successively been on the Arctic Ocean shelf.Abundant oil and gas are found in the marginal sea.
The most appropriate summary of this text is:
A.Oil and gas are the richest natural resources in the Arctic
B.Global greenhouse effect accelerates the development of Arctic
C.The conclusion that the Arctic is rich in rich natural resources has been confirmed
D.The Arctic is becoming the "second Middle East" that nations are rushing to develop

c
When the style of writing is prosperous, the public's interest in archeology will also be unprecedented, so it is not difficult to understand the desire of cultural officials and cultural relics scholars, and even ordinary people to solve the mysteries of ancient times from the new discoveries of archeology.It is already very embarrassing, and it is often distressing.If even local governments start to ignore rules and laws and let their preferences break through the earth, the wind will be unstoppable if the wind is long.If Divine Land is buried in large tombs, it will not However, disrespect to the ancestors is also a failure to the future generations, and it is also a blasphemy of the archeological discipline, because no generation has the right to dig the tomb in the "temporary rise", and no generation has the freedom to end the culture of the future Curious right.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Archaeology is in great crisis
B.Legal blind spots in archeological excavations
C.Local governments should not arbitrarily break the ground and open the coffin
D.Government, folk and scholars are the troika of scientific archeology

d
In recent years, in the process of implementing new curriculum reforms in the education sector, vigorously implementing quality education, and reducing the burden on students, parents in individual places have become "assistants" of school teachers, and homework has evolved into "parent work." Checking and signing assignments, helping children to recite poems to listen to lower grade children telling stories, making handwritten reports, completing small productions, etc.From the perspective of education and teaching rules, checking assignments, discovering errors in children's homework and urging them to correct It is a teacher's responsibility and a professional matter.Most parents do not have such a professional level.Even if they are qualified, they do not necessarily have time.Forcing parents to be "assistant teachers" not only makes parents difficult, but also touches on teachers' basics.The moral bottom line has changed the flavor of the home-school relationship.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The phenomenon of "parent work" does not conform to the laws of education and teaching
B.Parents do not have the professional level of being a teaching assistant
C.Forcing parents to be "assistants" is a reflection of teacher default
D.Parents' "assistant teaching" phenomenon runs counter to quality education

d
Compared with other mass spectrometry technologies, time-of-flight mass spectrometer is easy to operate and can be used even by those who have no professional training in analytical chemistry.Especially in recent years, the development of applications such as pathogenic microorganism identification and mass spectrometry has made it more and more clinically tested.It is favored in the field.For example, the previous microbial identification was completed by biochemical culture, which is time-consuming and low in detection accuracy, but now it is faster, higher throughput, and more accurate to identify from the proteome level by time-of-flight mass spectrometry.In addition, traditional protein molecules are mostly detected by immunoassay methods, which require the help of third-party antibodies.The antibody and the test object are first subjected to an immunochemical reaction, and then detected by an instrument.The method is complex and easy to cause false detection.Positive, while the time-of-flight mass spectrometer can directly detect the molecules of the test object.
Regarding time-of-flight mass spectrometers, the following statements are true:
A.Biochemical culture takes less time
B.Requires third party assistance
C.Instrument structure is complex
D.Obvious advantages in detection efficiency

c
There is a saying that there is a "reward circuit" about sugar in the human brain, that is, sugar intake, which can cause the brain to secrete a substance that makes people happy.Dopamine is that clever salesman who makes you unknowingly I m stuck in the sugar trap.However, excessive intake of anything can have adverse effects.Studies have found that the consequences of long-term high sugar may not only lead to physical obesity, but also psychological depression.But it is important to understand the food and the relationship between the human body and mind is not a overnight effort.It will be a long-term study.
According to this text, the following is true:
A.Dopamine is the physiological basis for happiness
B.The more sugar you consume, the more you will be happy
C.People who consume long-term sugar are more likely to be depressed
D.The claims about sugar's reward circuit are baseless

d
With the great changes in the media, the drama-watching platform has gradually developed to the Internet and mobile terminals.The "Internet generation" has grown into a mainstream audience.The migration of the main audience has inevitably affected the performance style of TV dramas.Although young people do have a flying imagination They are favored, but they also have requirements for the values, realism, and artistry of works of art.Just like the heroes in the animation world and the changing spirits, no matter how wild they are, they always watch history and reality to trigger The viewer's thinking on life issues and social issues is the background.On the contrary, the thunder drama, detached from the logic of life, and disregards the truth of history, in addition to causing stigma, it can not make people get a deeper aesthetic experience.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.The performance style of the TV drama reflects the taste of the main audience
B.The demand for the authenticity of artistic works is relatively low for teenagers
C.The world depicted in the animation works is derived from real history and reality
D.The aesthetic experience that a disconnected reality drama can provide is quite limited

c
Right now, the real estate market is on a stable and orderly track, and the "credit bonus" of the real estate industry is gradually disappearing.If the phenomenon of steady and falling house prices occurs, then the "credit bonus" of the real estate industry is likely to be transformed into " "Credit risk".So, financial institutions that place their hopes on the real estate industry may face much greater risks than lending to the real economy.In this case, why not adjust the credit concept as soon as possible and put support for the real economy on financial institutions.Prominent position, by supporting the real economy to effectively reduce risks and find new space for benefit growth.It is also because of this that we expect regulators to change and upgrade punishment methods, from punishing only specific violations to those that do not implement central decision-making.Punishment.
From this text we can see that the author's attitude is:
A.Think that the real economy is more worthy of lending by financial institutions
B.More optimistic about the future development of the real estate industry
C.Believing that regulators' past penalties are not adequate
D.Very helpless for unreasonable lending by financial institutions

b
From the perspective of the population's spatial layout, urbanization is the transfer of rural population to towns and the transformation of farmers to citizens.The process of farmers to citizens is the process of modernizing the quality of human beings.The modernization of human qualities cannot be separated from modernization Education.The modernization of human education is the foundation and support of urbanization.Urbanization also means the transfer of people's employment and production from the agricultural sector to industry and services.The modernization of human production methods is an essential feature of urbanization.It is the essence of human modernization, and the foundation that supports the modernization of human production methods is the popularization of modern vocational education.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Urbanization is the modernization of human production methods
B.Urbanization is the modernization of human quality education
C.Farmers in the era of urbanization need vocational education
D.Urbanization is the civilization of farmers entering the city

c
With the improvement of equipment information, unlike the original blind technology stacking, installing phased array radar for aircraft carriers now seems to have become a necessary "retro style".However, with Britain and Russia, phased array radar will be deployed.It is different on the bridge, whether it is the original "Enterprise" or the latest "Ford" class aircraft carrier.They have a phased array radar under the bridge to ensure that the bridge has sufficient height.This layout of U.S.aircraft carrier bridges will limit the detection range of phased array radar, but the United States, the world's leading carrier, knows which phased array radar and bridge are more important.
According to this text, the following statements are incorrect:
A.At the height of the bridge, there is a certain gap between Britain, Russia, and the United States.
B.Britain, Russia, and the United States attach importance to deploying phased array radar on aircraft carriers
C.The U.S.Navy does not pay much attention to the actual combat effectiveness of aircraft carriers
D.Phased array radar is more reasonable to deploy under the bridge than above

c
Big data is an important tool for scientific decision-making and a means of predicting the future with high accuracy.Data is a tool for recording human behavior.Making predictions and references to the future by big data technology is the result of human development.However, interpersonal communication and Communication should not be abandoned because of big data technology, but rely too much on the prediction and reasoning of big data, and abandon the process of interpersonal communication, which will inevitably lead to the weakening of interpersonal communication, which will affect people's free will.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Big data is an important tool for scientific decision-making
B.Big data will play an increasingly important role
C.Big data should not weaken interpersonal communication
D.Big data affects people's free will

a
History of humankind is the history of interaction between man and nature, science and society.In the long course of civilization, science was only the interest of "leisure people", and the popularity of science was impossible to talk about.People were in the imprisonment of "non-science".Groping.With the rise of modern science, human beings have deepened their understanding of nature, and the relationship between science and society has become increasingly close.The spread of science has grown stubbornly at the junction of man and nature, and between science and society.Light.
The above text mainly states:
A.The interaction between man and nature, science and society has greatly promoted the popularization of science
B.In the course of human civilization, the road to scientific popularization is extremely difficult
C.The popularization of science should be closely connected with society and find the junction and entry point
D.With the rise of modern science, the prospects for the popularization of science are even more brilliant

a
In primitive society, people sang and danced, but did not write poems, because there was no text at that time.Similarly, people in prehistoric times also performed plays, and most of the Chinese drama actors were illiterate after the words were written.However, for a long time, people have fallen into the trap of writing and literature worship, and even the textual research has always become the history of literature, the most highly regarded research method in the history of drama, and the most effective approach to historical reality.If there is "new material" in the field of theater history research, it must be more than just literature.
This text mainly emphasizes:
A.The study of the history of drama needs to update ideas and innovate research methods
B.The study of drama history must be connected with traditional research and break through the limitations
C.Research on drama history requires both literature and research
D.Research on drama history should expand research fields and methods

b
Through an in-depth study of the communication links between dolphins, scientists have discovered that the concept of entropy in Zipf's law and information theory can serve the analysis of extraterrestrial signals.After receiving any suspicious signals outside the ground, you should first use Zip Huf's law to analyze whether there is a certain straight line feature of the slope.If there is a certain feature, it proves that it is not meaningless noise.Then entropy analysis is performed, so that you can know the complexity of the communication without deciphering the signal.A suspicious signal, not only has a linear feature with a slope of -1 in the Zipf coordinate system, but also has a high-order entropy value, then this signal is most likely to be the long-term extraterrestrial civilization we are looking for.
The most appropriate summary of this text is:
A.Research finds communication between dolphins is very similar to alien signals
B.How to use Zipf's law and entropy to analyze alien signals
C.How to determine whether the suspected extraterrestrial signal is from an alien civilization
D.How to judge the wisdom of alien civilization through extraterrestrial signals

c
Scientists have found a superbright supernova in a galaxy 10 billion light-years away, which erupted about 3.5 billion years after the Big Bang, during what the astronomers called the "noon of the universe".Ordinary supernovas are the days when massive stars die.It is caused by a violent explosion.The brightness of superbright supernovae is 10 to 100 times higher than that of ordinary supernovae, and the formation mechanism is not clear at present.The galaxies where superbright supernovas found in the past are all relatively small, making scientists think that small galaxies lack heavy elements The environment is conducive to the generation of superbright supernovae.The galaxy found in this superbright supernova is an ordinary mass galaxy, which makes people rethink the formation of superbright supernovae.This means that the Milky Way may also have the conditions to generate superbright supernovae .
The following statements are consistent with the original:
A.Super-bright supernova occurred during the most intense "noon of the universe" during star formation
B.The environment in which small galaxies lack heavy elements is actually not conducive to the generation of superbright supernovae
C.Ordinary massive galaxies may have had the conditions to produce superbright supernovae
D.A violent explosion when a massive star dies does not produce a superbright supernova

c
In recent years, a "fish oil fever" has emerged in the health product market.Fish oil is unsaturated fatty acids.Proper consumption of unsaturated fatty acids can prevent the occurrence of arteriosclerosis and reduce the symptoms of arteriosclerosis.On the one hand, fish oil can regulate blood lipids and reduce Total cholesterol and "bad cholesterol"-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol.On the other hand, fish oil can improve memory and protect the retina.It is said that high-dose intake of fish oil can effectively lower blood pressure in patients with hypertension, but some researchers concluded that 31 A foreign study found that although a large daily intake of fish oil can slightly reduce blood pressure, if the dosage is too large, it will stimulate the human gastrointestinal tract.In addition, excessive intake of fish oil will also be converted into human fat storage, Makes people fat, which negatively affects the body.
It can be inferred from this text:
A.Daily intake of fish oil does not lower blood pressure
B.Adequate consumption of fish oil can treat arteriosclerosis
C.Proper intake of fish oil is essential for good health
D.Intake of unsaturated fatty acids does not make people fat

a
The Internet has profoundly changed the way media is produced.The media environment presents three major trends: "mobile, social, and visual." The influence of these trends on the creation of online media is the foundation of the fan economy.The media are more rapid and convenient.It is closer to the psychological distance of fans, and the degree of organization of fans has greatly improved, which enables fans to more smoothly participate in the life of idols, and even change the life status and acting career of idols.In cultural industries such as TV series, fans The flow economy has been the main thrust of the industry: the price of single drama series has risen from 2.4-5 million to 4-10 million, and the increase has been paid by fans, and the artist's film pay and copyright fees have skyrocketed.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Fan economy was born based on online media
B.Convenient media to promote fan organization
C.Idol's acting career is deeply influenced by fans
D.Fan economy promotes the development of the cultural industry

c
The key to whether there is craftsmanship is to see if there is an ingenuity that is obscured and obsessed with the pursuit of excellence.To build a craftsmanship, we must adhere to the original intention, persist in concentration, uphold the heart of the child, abandon the impetuous hustle and bustle, and sit in our post., Well done.How can you sit and do well? The key is to focus on the pursuit of perfection and perfect every detail of the product as much as possible.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Educational craftsmen are the foundation of inheriting the spirit of craftsmen
B.Tree craftsmanship is the root of promoting craftsmanship
C.The treemaker's heart must adhere to the original intention and persist in concentration
D.Tree craftsmanship requires a good social and cultural environment

d
In fact, most people are living along an inherent set of paths and habits, that is, "comfort zone", and tend not to break it.Especially under the influence of Internet culture, it is easier for people to hold similar views People warm up in groups, strengthen the original cognitive method, and enhance the sense of security.There are so many uncertain factors in life.Keeping it open while keeping it open will have more opportunities to embrace a beautiful ending.Because you can't figure out at what point you will open up and become a very strange but happy yourself.
The following options are correct for this text:
A.Break the "comfort zone" and enjoy the uncertainty of life, you will gain more happiness
B.Eliminating the influence of Internet culture and not warming up with people with similar views is the premise of letting yourself open.
C.Recognize and accept the uncertainties in life, and we may change as a person we do not know
D.Sticking to the "comfort zone" and "embracing" with similar people in the mind, obsessed with the original habits and sense of security, it is equivalent to rejecting a lot of open happiness

c
The data monopoly of artificial intelligence raises new practical problems for antitrust theory.In other words, the theoretical innovation of antitrust law is a real practical requirement.Specifically, the theoretical innovation needs of antitrust law mainly include the following: Aspect: First, the bilateral market theory.Corresponding to the unilateral market, the bilateral market theory proposed by economists can provide useful ideas for antitrust enforcement in multilateral data markets.The current bilateral market theory requires attention on the one hand Practice trends further improve the theory itself.On the other hand, we need to explore how bilateral market theory can be translated into applicable antitrust laws and regulations.Second, relevant market theory.Data antitrust of artificial intelligence needs to explore the definition of a "data market" separately.Necessity and feasibility, we also need to face the inability of traditional related market definition tools in the data market, and then actively explore alternative analytical tools
The next most likely thing is the data monopoly:
A.Legal origin
B.Law enforcement issues
C.Legislative issues
D.Legal definition

c
Now I often hear a saying that IQ is not equal to EQ.Where one can go and what achievements are, the key lies in EQ.This "emotional quotient determinism" is very arrogant and suspicious.Around us, no matter in life, Still at work, as long as one's things are not done well, they will be linked to the lack of EQ.In fact, we all exaggerate the role of EQ, ignore IQ, strength, and diligence, thinking that as long as you play EQ, you can go back and forth.It s actually not true.EQ is important when people are in the workplace, but the decisive factors are IQ and talent.Playing with EQ can make you exquisite, but after all, you ca nt play actual performance or scientific research results.A person has real talents to learn.Strong skills and hard work, then emotional intelligence is actually the icing on the cake.
The text is intended to explain:
A.IQ is more important than EQ in the workplace
B.EQ is just the icing on the cake, IQ can determine success or failure
C."Emotional Quotient Determinism" is not correct, the role of EQ should not be exaggerated
D.Success depends on real talents and strong skills, not on emotional intelligence

b
Acacia spp.It is an alias of the genus Aceraceae, which belongs to the genus Aceraceae of the family Aceraceae.It grows in forests or sparse forests at an altitude of 1000 to 2000 meters and can reach up to 15 meters.Compound leaves; white flowers bloom in early summer, androgyny, panicles; the fruit is divided into two small nuts, each with broad wings and shape like money.Due to the indiscriminate felling of forest trees, adult money maple plants are extremely rare, plus Natural regeneration is weak and it is difficult to grow young trees.They need protection like giant pandas.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Money maple is treasured like a giant panda
B.Urgent need to increase protection of money maple
C.Environmental damage has resulted in extremely scarce money maples
D.Poor natural regeneration ability leads to extremely scarce money maple

a
There are more than 15,000 marine protected areas in the world, and most of the protected areas allow commercial activities.Human beings have fully utilized or even overexploited 89% of the world's fish resources and destroyed nearly half of the world's coral reefs.Scientists believe that To protect the healthy diversity of marine life, at least 30% of the world's oceans need to be assigned to protected areas.It is important that most protected areas be close to the prosperous coast.If a sea area is isolated for a sufficient period of time, there will be many fish and organisms.A rebound will occur.Prosperous fish will gradually spread to adjacent waters.Intelligent protected areas can even make marine ecology more resilient under various pressures (such as pollution, warming and acidification).
From this text it can be seen that the author intends to appeal:
A.Strengthening the construction of marine protected areas
B.Vigorously protecting coral reefs
C.Prohibition of commercial activities in marine protected areas
D.Avoid overfishing and protect fish

b
Air pollution has blocked normal communication between plants and insects, and this has a greater impact on pollinating insects such as bees.Although, as far as the number of bee populations is affected, no one can take it at this stage.A complete monitoring data was produced, but the study found that the common plant volatile substance myrcene is easily destroyed by diesel exhaust, and the lack of myrcene can disorient bees on their way to find a honey source.After myrcene was removed, only 37% of bees could still identify where the honey was.
According to this text, the following statements are true:
A.Air pollution seriously damages bee survival
B.Air pollution seriously affects bees
C.Air pollution keeps bees from finding honey
D.Air pollution severely damages honey sources

c
Why do dogs hide their mouths under their forelimbs when they sleep, and cats squeeze their ears under their forelimbs when they sleep? Animals use sensory organs to detect changes in the surrounding environment and respond differently to different changes.Dogs' sense of smell is particularly sensitive.To identify some objects, military dogs also rely on their sense of smell to judge hostility and identify paths.For a dog, its nose is the most valuable, so when it sleeps, hide its mouth and nose with its forelimbs to protect it, and use its nose to be alert to surrounding movement Once there is a situation, you can use your nose to identify it immediately, and you can also use screams to demonstrate.The cat's hearing is particularly sensitive.It uses hearing to detect changes in the surroundings.When it catches mice, it uses hearing to detect the location of the mouse.For example, its ears are the most precious, so when it sleeps, it squeezes the ears under the forelimbs to protect the ears on the one hand and stick the ears to the ground on the other hand, and once it hears the sound, it can take action immediately.After the human family, cats and dogs still maintain this sleeping position.
The following options are correct for this text:
A.Cats are better than dogs in terms of hearing; dogs are better than cats in terms of smell
B.Cats and dogs sleep differently, basically because they respond differently to different changes
C.The unique sleeping position of cats and dogs helps to stay alert and protect your most valuable sensory organs
D.Cats and dogs do not need to stay alert after entering the human family, but still maintain a special sleeping position

b
The formation of stars requires gas.In star clusters, because a large amount of gas will be dissipated in the early stage of star cluster formation, star clusters have been considered to be unable to form new stars.Only collisions or mergers between stars are likely to be old.Stars replenish burning matter.They look younger than the rest of the stars.Stars formed by collisions or mergers are called blue discrete stars, and their name comes from their very different evolutionary processes compared to most stars.This keeps them out of the evolutionary trajectory of theoretical predictions.A research team used observational data to study the blue discrete stars in the young star cluster NGC.2173, and for the first time observed an unusual group of blue discrete stars in this young cluster.According to the discovery, this star cluster contains blue discrete stars formed by sudden bursts.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Star formation requires gas
B.Unusual blue discrete stars in star clusters
C.Blue Discrete Stars Escape from the Evolutionary Track of Theoretical Prediction
D.Stars formed by collision or merger are called blue discrete stars

c
Landfills are breeding grounds for anaerobic bacteria and produce a large amount of methane.Methane has a stronger greenhouse effect than carbon dioxide.Although it can be captured and converted into energy, even the most efficient recovery system still has up to 10% Methane escapes.Because most of the methane produced in landfills comes from organic waste, it can be treated in a greener way.The simplest way is to compost.In fact, two-thirds of the waste in the landfill can Composting, which greatly reduces the production of methane.Due to the high temperature and pressure generated during the composting process, the carbon in organic waste may be partially converted into carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide.So we can consider recombining these organic substances into liquid fuel (ethanol or ethanol) Methanol), or as other industrial raw materials.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Methane has more greenhouse effect than carbon dioxide
B.The capture and utilization of methane by the current methane recovery system is still limited
C.Disposal of landfill waste by composting can effectively reduce methane production
D.Compost is a waste treatment method that requires the reorganization of organic waste generated by it

d
At the macro scale, diamond is generally considered to show no slight deformation behavior.The consequences of any extreme attempt to deform it often occurs before a brittle fracture occurs before it can reach visible deformation.This makes it useful in some applications that may withstand mechanical deformation.Limited.In order to perform nano-scale mechanical tests on it, the research team designed a unique set of nano-mechanical experimental methods to conduct quantitative "compression-bending" tests on single crystal and polycrystalline diamond nanoneedle samples.The results show that the test The samples can achieve large deformations that are tens of times higher than macro-diamonds, and can be fully recovered within a large range.The experimental results have been simulated and analyzed to confirm that the elastic deformation of the single-crystal diamond nanoneedle on the tensile side reaches about 9 The corresponding intensity is also close to its theoretical limit.This discovery will help further expand the application of diamond in biomedical fields such as drug delivery, biodetection and imaging.
The following options correctly understand the above text:
A.In this experiment, the elastic deformation of the polycrystalline diamond nanoneedle sample on the tensile side reached about 9%
B.At the macro scale, any extreme attempted behavior will not allow the diamond to reach visible deformation
C.At present, the application of diamond in biomedical fields such as biological detection and imaging is more limited
D.The experimental results found that the unique nanomechanical experimental method benefited from the design of the research group

c
When discussing issues, we must clarify the stylistic elements.People traditionally divide argumentative thesis into three elements, that is, arguments, arguments, and arguments.And any argument must first clearly define the object of argument.Mr.Ye Shengtao in "Articles and Legends" Say: "Explanation is based on 'Explanation White' as a success, but an argumentative essay is based on 'Persuasion of others'." Mr.Ye explained the composition in simple language.There is no flower frame, follow the composition idea, writing rules, is a business-oriented approach, different from The latecomer's shame came to an end, and he described the engraving technique as the rule of composition, and made all the papers full of flowers.Since the papers are to "persuade others," the writer must first make clear who this "other" is.It can be used as a prelude to argumentative writing.
This text mainly tells:
A.Mr.Ye Shengtao's original source of argumentative writing
B.Arguments, arguments, and arguments are not the most important elements of argument
C.When writing a dissertation, you must first define the object of argument, that is, "to whom"
D.The key to the success of explanatory texts and argumentative papers is "explanation" and "persuasion"

d
Responsible justice in ancient China meant that judicial personnel must be responsible for their actions.In the legalist thought, the theory of responsible justice originated from the theory of responsible administration, because the judicial power and administrative power were not separated at the time.The theory of responsible administration required administration The law enforcement subject must bear responsibility for his actions.To this end, the Qin Dynasty established a comprehensive monitoring system to monitor administrative law enforcement and investigate the law enforcement subject's illegal acts.At that time, judicial power was part of administrative power, so The supervision of administrative power includes the supervision of judicial power.If the subject of supervision finds that judicial officers have problems with judicial injustice, they will be punished.It can be said that the supervision system was the prerequisite for the establishment of the judicial responsibility system at that time.The system is groundbreaking, and the crimes such as "injustice" stipulated in the "Qin Law" are examples.Responsible justice is also a kind of "administrator" justice.Orbit.
This text is mainly about:
A.Implications of ancient responsible justice in China
B.Nature and historical significance of responsible justice
C.The emergence and historical evolution of the connotation of responsible justice
D.Origins of Responsible Justice and Legalist Thought in Ancient China

d
Stealth aircraft can be "stealth" mainly by using a series of invisible high-tech, including invisible materials for the body skeleton and skin, invisible coating materials on the surface, invisible structure, infrared radiation reduction technology, noise reduction technology and electronic interference Technology, etc.There are several types of invisible materials for the manufacture of stealth aircraft skeletons and skins.The most commonly used are carbon fiber reinforced resin composites, carbon fiber and carbon matrix combined carbon-carbon composite materials, and silicon carbide wire reinforced aluminum composites.These composite materials are lightweight and capable of absorbing radar waves.A honeycomb core material is also used as a lining in the skin of the U.S.B.-2 stealth bomber to further improve the body's ability to absorb radar waves.In order to obtain the perfect double-safety effect, the entire surface of the fuselage is also coated with a layer of nickel-cobalt ferrite, or a stealth coating composed of metal and metal oxide ultra-fine powder.This coating can make the radar irradiated.The magnetic loss of the wave increases, which plays the role of absorbing and transmitting waves.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.Outer coating and fuselage materials help aircraft stealth
B.Demystifying stealth materials that can make aircraft invisible
C.Special coatings are the key to aircraft invisibility
D.Reasons why stealth aircraft can be invisible

d
Many people now reject and fear sweetness and sugar, because they are very afraid of getting fat, and eating a small piece of candy will make them fat.In fact, what really makes people fat is not that small piece of candy, but the food you eat every day contains more energy than you consume.Steamed bread, noodles, rice, or cornmeal nests have starch, or unsweetened sugar.The calories released by the oxidation of starch in the human body are basically the same as sucrose.Controlling weight gain is mainly about controlling the total calorie intake, not whether the taste of the food is sweet.
The title that works best for this text is:
A.Eat sugar and gain weight
B.Starch and gaining weight
C.Fatty "The Real Murderer"
D.The "secret to gain weight"

b
Smart city refers to a city form that uses next-generation information technology for refined and dynamic management.The concept of a smart city has been proposed for 10 years, but most smart cities are still at the stage of information system construction and cannot integrate information.Moving forward in the utilization phase.The root of this problem lies in the existence of a large number of "data islands".Although each enterprise and unit has its own information system, the construction level is uneven, and there is no uniform construction standard, making it difficult for data between systems Sharing, information is hard to handle with applications.
What is this text about?
A.The need to build a smart city
B.Reasons for the slow development of smart cities
C.Enterprises and units should actively break the "data island"
D.How to eliminate the "data island" problem in the construction of smart cities

a
Promoting the development of media integration is related to the modernization of the national governance system and governance capabilities.In the era of all-media, the media is not only the provider and disseminator of information, but also plays an important role in national governance.Therefore, media integration is not only A communication proposition or a governance proposition.
The gist of this text is:
A.National governance modernization needs to promote media integration
B.Media integration and development are conducive to promoting information dissemination
C.The development of media integration is the need for the development of information technology
D.The media should bear primary responsibility in national governance

b
The state is a political entity surrounded by borders and a region where the state power exercises power, which can be regarded as a political division.However, the political division surrounded by such borders is only a form of the state, not the essence of the state.The state means that the people within the border have formed a kind of "cohesion".This cohesion can be called "national consciousness", that is, everyone thinks that I am a "national".A country, which cannot be called a country, in essence, is very unstable.The real big country is not only a large territory but a large population.The key is whether its nationals have developed a "national awareness" and produced a "national identity."
This passage mainly talks about:
A.National border awareness
B.The nature of the country
C.The role of national identity
D.Connotation of national consciousness

b
Literary classics are vital to the prosperity of a nation and its culture.On the one hand, it is an artistic and aesthetic creation of a nation in the long history of history, which focuses on the core values and moral ideals of the nation, and becomes a member of the nation The emotional bond of collective memory; on the other hand, it is also a unique spiritual creation of a nation, in which the aesthetic style and artistic charm presented have become its spiritual badges and cultural signs that are different from other nations, and it is the most recognizable cultural brand.Because literary classics have huge value-leading power, cultural appeal and aesthetic appeal, the international community currently regards inheriting and carrying forward their national literary classics as a major strategy to build a national identity, shape the country's good image, and enhance cultural soft power.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Literary classics carry the values and moral ideals of a nation
B.The inheritance and promotion of literary classics should be a national cultural strategy
C.Literary classics play an important role in national development
D.Literary classics are the collective memory of a nation

b
Whether in ancient China or ancient Greece, as early as several centuries BC, scholars have noticed the different influences of different geographic environments on the temperament, psychology, and temperament of various human groups.Western academic circles since the 18th century After the publication of the "Spirit of the Law", the important role of natural geography in the development of social history was generally emphasized, and the important influence of the geographical environment on the type of human civilization and cultural model was emphasized.After the Spirit (translated as "Axiom of One Thousand Laws"), Liang Qichao was the head of the academic community, and extensively discussed the "relationship between geography and civilization", and the "historical view of geography" also became popular.
The text is intended to explain:
A.There are inherent reasons for the emergence of "Geographical History View"
B.Scholars generally believe that the geographical environment has a profound impact on civilization
C.Montesquieu influences people's understanding of the geographical environment
D.Attention should be paid to the role of physical geography in social development

c
Since the turn of the millennium, the Dragon Boat Festival has always been rich in historical flavor, thick humanistic sentiments and profound ethical connotations, constantly infiltrating a rich spiritual culture, giving us mellow and long-term nourishment, and giving the nation an endless drive.Therefore, the more the modernization and urbanization scour the traditional culture, the more we must have the consciousness and self-confidence to continue our own culture.The inherent rituals that rely on emotions and cultural symbols can be simplified, and the rich folklore expressions can evolve.However, the solemn value of the Dragon Boat Festival cannot be erased, the awe in your heart cannot be dissipated, and the respect for history and culture cannot be abandoned.
The gist of this text is:
A.Attention should be paid to the inherent value of traditional festivals such as the Dragon Boat Festival
B.Beware of the impact of modernization on traditional culture
C.A deeper exploration of the heavy cultural connotation of the Dragon Boat Festival
D.The consciousness of continuation of own culture should be enhanced

c
Once agriculture is on the right track, it develops rapidly in just a few thousand years.The reason for agricultural development is rapid population growth.Agricultural development can support more people, and agricultural development needs more people.Human social progress.The advent of agriculture has finally made mankind finally adapt to nature and actively transform nature, and the progress of agriculture is unavoidably accompanied by the destruction of the ecological environment.For a long time of 3 million years, humans did not choose agriculture It is backward and peaceful to live and reproduce.Before and after 10,000 years ago, human beings chose agriculture, and since then, they can no longer stop moving forward.The development of civilization and society and the destruction of the ecological environment continue to intensify.In the contradiction of continuous progress.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.The dilemma between agriculture and the environment
B.The paradox of agriculture and population survival
C.Agriculture-the choice of happiness and pain
D.Agriculture-Tinder for the Advancement of Human Society

d
Just looking at the rising tide of machine substitution, in the current tight labor supply context, it has not seen a significant negative impact on employment.In addition, the deepening of the industry and the division of labor brought about by the technological revolution may also lead to more There are many employment opportunities.However, it is too optimistic to say that it is absolutely contradictory to deny that machine substitution and full employment are not contradictory.At present, employees engaged in repetitive, routine, high-risk work are most likely to compete in human-machine competition In the face of technological innovation, we cannot easily abandon traditional manufacturing that is conducive to increasing employment, and we need to accelerate the development of modern service industries that are conducive to absorbing employment.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Developing traditional manufacturing and modern service industries are conducive to employment
B.A rational assessment of the rising machine replacement boom
C.Technology updates can provide new ideas for easing current employment pressure
D.Structural reform should pay attention to measures to mitigate the impact of machinery on employment

c
The Chinese culture has enough wisdom and vigor to digest foreign cultures, and Buddhism was successfully digested and absorbed as an example.In the development of thousands of years, Chinese culture has been able to absorb various cultural nutrients widely and always has its own distinctive features, because of it Foreign culture is not simply brought or rejected, but always maintains its own subjectivity and insists on taking me as the main subject for my use.However, since modern times, some people have two significant differences in cultural understanding.Balance: First, the imbalance between the proportion of Chinese and Western cultures; second, the imbalance between humanities and science and culture.This imbalance is reflected in education, that is, Chinese culture has received insufficient attention, while Western culture has accounted for a large proportion.Biased.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.There are misunderstandings about culture in modern times
B.Contemporary education should pay attention to Chinese cultural factors
C.Chinese culture should play a dominant role in education
D.The subjectivity of Chinese culture should be maintained in cultural exchanges

d
In ancient China, the social status of the businessmen was always very low.In the Tang Dynasty, businessmen were strictly forbidden from becoming officials, and even businessmen were not allowed to stand next to the gentleman of the dynasty."None" is a social requirement, but there were still strict regulations on the merchant's clothing in the early days.The development of the commodity economy in the middle and late Ming Dynasty prompted businessmen to congregate, and these rules and regulations surrounding businessmen gradually lost their previous effectiveness.Despite this, the freedom of businessmen in their daily expenses is also limited, and "eating" has become one of the few opportunities for wealthy Yangzhou wealthy merchants to choose from.Therefore, the wealthy merchants of Yangzhou have spent a lot of money to do everything they can to "eat".
What this text is most likely to say next is:
A.Different stages of Yangzhou diet development
B.Deep Reasons Why Yangzhou People Love to Eat Hard
C.Historical changes in the social status of businessmen
D.Luxurious "eat culture" of rich businessmen in Yangzhou

b
In the new media era, China needs to rely more on forces outside the government to mobilize groups and the general public to carry out various forms of public diplomacy.Big data not only provides a platform for public diplomacy, but also improves diplomatic capabilities.Blog, Weibo Colorful social media, such as WeChat, have enriched the form and connotation of diplomacy.Different countries have a different histories, cultures, and different levels of development, and public diplomacy needs to distinguish different audiences.Big data can be used as a reference for different groups' preferences, thinking methods, and value tendencies.Department, to provide a precision-oriented evaluation system for public diplomacy, in order to achieve the effect of "dive into the night with the wind, moisturizing and silent".
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.New Features of State Diplomacy in the New Media Age
B.Big data's support and promotion of public diplomacy
C.The positive influence of social forces on government diplomacy
D.New requirements for information technology in the new diplomacy

d
The development of new technology has brought reading into a wider world.This aspect has brought many new experiences to "reading", and at the same time, it has inevitably been affected by the ills of excessive entertainment and fragmentation in the reading of new media.This has given new media The thickness and depth of epoch reading are, to a certain extent, quite different from traditional paper reading.How to avoid over-fragmented fast-food reading, so that the energy and time spent on reading is true "value for money", and at the same time get through the cultural divide between traditional reading and new media reading is a problem facing modern people.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Differences between traditional reading and new media reading
B.How to build a new reading mode in a new medium
C.How to use new technologies to bridge the reading divide
D.Reading faces new challenges in the new media era

d
The difference between genetically modified crops and ordinary plants is that there are more genes that can produce additional characteristics.As early as 1983, biologists already knew how to use biological technology to transplant foreign genes into the DNA of certain plants in order to Make it produce some new characteristics that can not be obtained by hybridization: resistance to herbicides, resistance to plant viruses, resistance to certain pests, etc.The genes used for transplantation can come from any living body: bacteria, viruses , Insects, etc.
Which of the following understandings of the concept of "GMO crops" is correct?
A.Crops with additional characteristics due to changes in environmental impact DNA
B.Crops capable of producing additional genes resistant to herbicides, plants and viruses
C.A new hybrid crop formed by transplanting genes from other living organisms
D.Crops that have been transplanted with genes from other organisms to produce additional characteristics

c
In a broad sense, environmental culture includes both material and spiritual results; in a narrow sense, it includes only spiritual results.It mainly refers to those obtained on environmental protection issues, national, national, Even the broad consensus of the entire human race, as well as various cultural and artistic expressions that contain these "consensus" content.
What does the word "it" in the passage refer to?
A.Environmental culture
B.Broad environmental culture
C.Narrow environmental culture
D.Spiritual and material results

c
Science is the search for truth.In the process of searching for truth, people's understanding of objective laws must go through a difficult and torturous process.There are often such situations: due to different research perspectives, differences in the mastery of data, and different methods of recognition, there will be the situation of horizontal ridges and peaks, different heights and distances, caused academic debates.Therefore, active scientists regard the opposition as a great help to themselves, and treat their own criticism as Precious friendship.As Li Siguang said: "Nothing can inspire me more than a frank criticism of my thesis." Goethe also said: "What we agree with keeps us in peace.What we object to Only by making our thoughts productive."This is because the opinions of approval are not necessarily correct, and the opinions of opposition are not necessarily wrong.Taking a step back, even the wrong opposition is good for our own scientific research.
Which one of the following statements about the text is correct?
A.Science is seeking the truth
B.People's understanding of objective laws must go through a difficult and tortuous process
C.Proactive scientists understand the importance of objections
D.Consensus may not be correct, and opposition may not be wrong

c
The way of thinking in modern science has undergone tremendous changes in the course of scientific development.It has undergone a transformation from mechanical thinking to system-oriented thinking, emphasizing the dynamics, complexity, and contingency of cognitive systems.
What does this passage mainly support?
A.The way of thinking in modern science has undergone tremendous changes in the course of scientific development
B.The way of thinking in modern science is forward-looking
C.The dominant idea of modern science shifts from a mechanical perspective to a systematic perspective
D.Modern science is dominated by systems

b
The software has no problems such as wear, aging, worn-out during long-term operation and use.In the operation and use of any mechanical and electronic equipment, its failure rate mostly follows the U-shaped curve (the so-called "bathtub curve").That is because just one When the components are put into use, they have not yet flexibly operated, and they are often prone to problems.After a period of operation, they can be stabilized.When the equipment has experienced a period of operation, problems such as wear and aging will occur, which will suddenly increase the failure rate.It means that the end of life has been reached and it is about to be scrapped.
What is the following statement that does not fit the text?
A.The software does not follow the U-shaped curve in the operation and use (the so-called "bathtub curve")
B.When any machinery or electronic equipment is put into use, the components have not yet run flexibly, but the more useful the better
C.Software and mechanical, electronic equipment behave very differently in operation and use
D.Software is not stable for a period of time like mechanical and electronic equipment

a
Although the bacteria are too small to be seen by the naked eye, they do play a key role in the process of decomposing dead branches and leaves.They can absorb the carbon dioxide and other nutrients to grow the trunks and branches, and then break down into carbon dioxide and release it into the atmosphere Without bacteria, the carbon dioxide on the earth can only sustain the use of plants for 40 years, because carbon will be locked in the plants and cannot participate in the material cycle.Because of this effect of bacteria, the entire forest is maintained Even the greenery of the entire planet.
What is incorrect about the "critical role" in the passage below?
A.The bacteria release the carbon dioxide it absorbs into the atmosphere during the process of decomposing the trunk and branches and leaves.
B.Bacteria release carbon dioxide in the process of decomposing dead leaves, and maintain the material cycle on the earth
C.Bacteria break down the carbon that may be locked in the plant and release it into the atmosphere
D.Without bacteria to break up dead leaves, the earth will not be able to maintain its lush greenness.

c
Humans have a type of memory called immune memory.There are very few self-sacrifice cells in human blood.They live for a short time, and their main function is to destroy as many enemies as possible.Toxic substances respond quickly, generate antibodies, stick harmful substances to prevent them from entering other organs, and the task of destroying enemies lies on the head of phagocytes in the blood.These cells can effortlessly distinguish foreign cells To be able to remember them and retain their memories.Once a person has measles or scarlet fever, they will get lifelong immunity.
What is the right thing to understand?
A.The main function of phagocytes in human blood is to remember foreign cells that invade the body
B.Lymphocytes can stick to the toxic substances that invade the blood and prevent them from entering other organs
C.Phagocytes and lymphocytes in human blood are sacrificing cells
D.Humans have immune memory, as long as they get measles and scarlet fever, they will get lifelong immunity

a
According to experts, climbing stairs upstairs is equivalent to doing aerobic exercise, which can exercise cardiopulmonary function, and at the same time can exercise the leg muscle groups, can play a certain exercise effect.But when going down the stairs, the knee and ankle joints must bear the entire The weight of the body, repeated this movement, will artificially increase the amount of activity of these joints, the intensity of compression will increase sharply, the possibility of joints being worn will increase, which is not good for the body.
What is the correct understanding of this text?
A.Regular climbing stairs can achieve exercise effects
B.People with heart problems should often climb stairs
C.Downstairs helps joint recovery
D.Stairs should be accelerated

a
The law itself is not omnipotent, and there are many problems in social life, and the ultimate solution cannot rely on the law, or at least not rely on the law.In many cases, the key to social contradictions and their resolution comes from politics, economy, culture, etc.Real level.
What is the inaccurate understanding of this text?
A.Social conflicts are not resolved because of non-compliance
B.Human society needs cultural construction in addition to law
C.Social contradictions often have complex causes
D.There are many problems in the social life that cannot be solved by law

b
A citizen of Jinan, Ms.Jia found that a bottle of sesame oil purchased at the supermarket had an abnormal taste, but the product did not expire.The supermarket staff believed that there was no quality problem with the sesame oil, and Ms.Jia was willing to return the goods unless she had a legitimate quality inspection report.I found the Food Center of Jinan Quality Supervision Bureau.The other side told her that the testing fee would cost several hundred yuan.Ms.Jia said that this bottle of sesame oil is worth 13.5 yuan, and the inspection fee would be several hundred yuan.Travel expenses, time, and energy are really worth the loss.For this reason, Ms.Jia had to throw the remaining sesame oil into the trash can and no longer complained.
According to this article, what is the correct understanding?
A.There is no clear shelf life for sesame oil
B.Complaints are expensive
C.The average consumer will not write a complaint
D.Ms.Jia complained that she did not find the right organization

b
At Xiehe Building Materials Co., Ltd.in a certain county, a worker accidentally wasted more while using brick-making raw materials, and one of his colleagues who had a good relationship turned out to be angry.The manager said that this kind of thing is quite common now Workers with poor labor discipline have become the target of public criticism.In the past, it often occurred that equipment was not repaired and the newly purchased brick-making machine was destroyed in less than one year.In 1993, the company was reorganized into a joint-stock company, at 2.1 million yuan.Among the total shares, employees individually invested 1 million yuan.The enterprise connected employees through asset bonds, and employees were both shareholders and laborers, and their enthusiasm was unprecedentedly high.
What is the main point supported by this passage?
A.The shareholding system can change the interest relationship between employees and enterprises
B.The shareholding system plays an important role in mobilizing workers' production enthusiasm
C.The joint-stock system can control the waste and looseness of enterprises
D.The production disciplinary effect of serious joint-stock enterprises is obvious

c
Sports is a living work developed to meet the needs of human production, military, and health.The rise of the modern Olympics has further internationalized the spirit of sports, but at the same time, due to commercial operations and interests, the composition has increased, in some aspects, Sports has also begun to deviate from its original purpose.It is undeniable that sports are difficult to develop without social background, but more importantly, sports are a symbol of human society's pursuit of progress.Once this intention is violated, the role of sports on humans will be Weakness will eventually lose the need for its existence and development.
What is the main point supported by this passage?
A.Sports are important social activities of human beings, so the development of sports must not violate this original intention.
B.The development of modern sports may lead to the demise of sports itself
C.The development of sports must contribute to human progress
D.The effect of sports on humans is weakened by the development of modern sports

c
For example, corn and cotton that are resistant to pests in the United States may accelerate the emergence of some more difficult pests.All molecules of this crop secrete a small amount of "insecticides", a pesticide like any pesticide It is also possible to choose "aerosols" that kill certain pests.
What's the right thing to understand?
A.The emergence of new pests is related to the pollution of the "aerosol" secreted by insect-resistant crops
B.U.S.genetic maize and cotton varieties can't deal with pests
C.Insect-resistant corn and cotton may promote the emergence of pests that are more difficult to kill
D.The crop that can resist insect pests, while resisting pests, it also protects some pests

d
The history of stocks in China can be traced back to the period of the Westernization Movement in the 19th century.At that time, a number of joint-stock enterprises jointly organized by the government and the businessmen appeared in China.The Steamship Merchants Bureau, established in 1873, issued China's earliest stocks.The government promulgated the Stock Exchange Law, and the Beijing Stock Exchange was established in 1917.Before the War of Resistance Against Japan, there were more than a hundred listed stocks.But after several setbacks, the stock market never developed.
The most appropriate summary of this text is:
A.Stocks originated during the Westernization Movement of the 19th century
B.The birthplace of the stock is China
C.ˈ stocks have existed in all periods of Chinese history
D.Stocks have a glorious history in modern China

c
Several times when I heard the radio host ask the show participants "what's your name", I'm disgusted.If the other party is a child, answering "I'm Mao Mao" or "I'm Zhenzhen", it looks kind.The other party is an adult with a name and a surname.This kind of questioning seems too rude.The vocabulary of our country is very rich.The traditional "Is the name of a surname?" This is not pedantic but civilized and polite.We should distinguish the first sentence "What are you called?"
According to this article, the person's name should be considered when asking someone's name:
A.Gender
B.Occupation
C.Age
D.Attitude

d
In good politics, public power must be restricted.The methods of restricting public power can be roughly divided into two categories, one is rigid constraints; the other is soft constraints, that is, moral constraints on power.Restricting power must not only be sound The system makes the restriction of power rigid; it is also necessary to give play to the role of official morals and allow conscience to restrict power.
This text mainly states:
A.The restriction of human morality on power is the basis for maintaining social justice
B.Establishing a sound system is an effective means of soft restriction of public power
C.Good politics is created by conscientious officials
D.Leading cadres' moral cultivation cannot be ignored

b
The National Bureau of Statistics released a report saying that China's economic aggregate now ranks sixth from fourth to fourth in the world, and its per capita gross national income ranks among the middle-income countries.This is gratifying However, while we are happy and encouraged, we should also remain calm.It should be seen that although our economy is developing rapidly, it is still far from the world's advanced countries and our own long-term goals.Only In terms of China's per capita gross national income ranks among the world's medium-sized countries, we need to take a closer look at the gold content of our "step people".
One thing that is inconsistent with the central point of this text is:
A.China's current "medium" is not enough to show off
D.Although we are among the middle-income countries, the level is still low
C.Our own vision is much higher than the current "medium" level
D.Just enter the "medium" statistics itself, you need to carefully examine

c
Even through ordinary transparent materials such as glass or water, the speed of light is slightly reduced because light interacts with the atoms that make up the material.But in this case, the impact is weak and any attempt to strengthen it will Leads to the absorption of light.Therefore, it is important to reduce the speed of light and not to be absorbed.Welchbo soil does this through a cell.This method puts the plutonium atom in a very delicate quantum state In this state, the plutonium atom cannot absorb light.At the same time, the interaction of the two beams of light produces another beam of light with a long wavelength, which travels much slower than the original two beams of light.
Which of the following items that is not part of the experiments performed by Welch:
A.Reduce the speed of light without being absorbed
B.Put thallium atoms in a delicate quantum state that will not absorb light
C.Make cheap, efficient light sources to avoid being absorbed
D.Two light beams with slightly different wavelengths interact to produce slow light

d
The first humans, in order to find enough food, often lived a erratic life and drifted to a place, that is, to find a temporary overnight lodge.This often-migrating but comfortable way of living should be regarded as a human A transitional stage before the nest form enters the cave form.
The most correct summary of the "transition stage" in the text is:
A.Humans often lead a erratic life in search of food
B.Wherever humans find food, they live there
C.Where to wander, that is, find a temporary overnight accommodation
D.A form of living that often migrates but feels comfortable

a
"All-optical communication" is a new type of light wave communication without any photoelectric conversion.In an all-optical communication system, images and voice information are directly converted into optical signals and transmitted in transmission media.In camera optical systems, fiber optic systems and In the all-optical communication system composed of the receiving optical amplification system, since no photoelectric conversion is required, there are no electronic components, the signal distortion is small, and it can continuously work in high temperature environments above 100 㠃, which is an ideal communication method.
Which of the following statements does not fit the text is:
A.All-optical communication without information conversion
B.The information medium of the all-optical communication system is light waves
C.No electronic components in all-optical communication systems
D.All-optical communication signal distortion is small because there is no photoelectric conversion

b
There is a method that can be used to calculate the distance of the universe called "parallax".The meaning of the word parallax is not difficult.You put a finger about 8 cm in front of your eyes, and you only look with your left eye, then with your right eye You will feel that your finger has moved the position for the distant scene, because when you go to see it twice, the angle is different.Now you move your finger away, for example, straighten your arms, and then look at the last method, this time you will feel that your finger is moving relative to the background, but the amount of movement is not so large.Therefore, the size of the finger moving relative to the background can be used to determine the distance from the finger to the eye.
According to the article, the correct expression of the definition of "parallax" is:
A.The distance between the object and the eye is called parallax
B.Parallax is the displacement of an object seen by the eye relative to the background
C.Parallax is the visual difference caused by looking at an object from different angles
D.Parallax caused by looking at objects from different angles is called parallax

c
Huizhou culture mainly refers to the specific living structure system that is based on Huizhou (anciently known as Xin'an County) and originates from the object relationship between people and nature and people in history.Like any culture, it also includes material culture and institutions Cultural, ideological, and implicit mentality, value systems, and other cultural psychological structures, and has created brilliant and distinctive results at all cultural levels.
One incorrect understanding of "Huizhou Culture" is:
A.Huizhou culture is a unique regional culture formed from the relationship between people and nature and people in Chinese history
B.Huizhou culture is a cultural system that includes multiple cultural psychological structures, including material culture, institutional culture, and ideology.
C.Huizhou culture is a closed cultural tradition with a strong family culture, strong clan identity, and patriarchal concepts
D.Huizhou culture is developed from different cultural levels, and affects all parts of the country with distinctive results

c
Participation in the fire is astrology known to ancient women and children.The Xia people have deep reasons for knowing the ginseng.When the ginseng falls to the horizon after dusk and is almost invisible, it is the time when the earth returns to spring."The farm is busy preparing for farming", it has become an important basis for the teaching of the Xia ethnic group.Around 2400 BC, the fire appeared on the eastern horizon when it was dark in the spring.Its light was like a flame in the east.It attracts people's attention, not only because it is bright, it is like a deliberate fire to light people's hope for seeding.
The meaning of "viewing and giving time" in the text is:
A.Observing the sky to arrange time
B.Observing the sky to engage in farming
C.Look at the sky to determine the season
D.Observing the sky to impart knowledge

c
In Wu Yigun's career as a criminal policeman, this is the first time like today.Such a close distance has formed an unprecedented gambling game.There is a win and a loss when gambling.He wins, and of course he can lose.No In the back, Wu Yi shot unexpectedly wanted to perfect the shooting action.The last time his colleagues gave their lives because of the pursuit of perfection and beautiful movements, but now he still hopes that he can complete a true perfection in front of the gangster.Singing ...
The misunderstanding of the sentence "Wu Yi shot without a back lane unexpectedly wants to make the shooting action perfect" is:
A.It is a make up for the last "blood lesson"
B.Showing Wu Yi's fearlessness and calmness
C.Leaving a chic and beautiful name
D.Perpetuate the perfect glorious image of the Chinese criminal police in front of the gangsters, and complete a true perfect singing

a
According to World Health Organization statistics, 12 million people are prematurely killed by cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases every year.The death rate of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases is the highest among various diseases, and "stroke" is Cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases.If self-medicated with "reinforcing the mind for 3 minutes", it can save 3 million people worldwide from death each year and 600,000 people from China in a year, because "strokes" often occur in At night, the most dangerous moment is the "moment" of waking up.But there are tricks to prevent this "moment", that is, when you wake up, you can raise your mind for 3 minutes.
what diseases is article mainly talks about?
A.Stroke
B.Hypertension
C.Heart disease
D.Cerebrovascular disease

a
When we promoted the "Car Free Day" with great fanfare, it is unknown that its birthplace, "Car Free Day" in Europe, is already facing a dead end.It is reported that the cities that hold Car Free Day events in Europe and the scale of their activities have been greatly reduced.Looking at France as a whole, 98 cities participated in the "Car Free Day" in 2003, which was reduced to 72 in 2004, leaving only 56 in 2005.The German capital, Berlin, and the Italian capital, Rome, both quit the "Car Free Day" in 2003.The French Minister of Environment and Sustainable Development had to regret to say that "Car-free Day" is a meaningful event, but it is not realistic and not enough to change the driving habits of the people.
The following statements are consistent with the views of this article:
A.No matter how much we expect from "Car Free Day", its meaning is very limited after all
B."Car Free Day" will flourish in China, which has just entered the automotive era
C."Car-free days" have a role in alleviating traffic congestion in France
D."Car-free day" has played a huge role in raising the environmental awareness of people in Europe

d
The rapid development of emerging Asian countries, especially the development of their industrialization and urbanization, and the improvement of the living standards of large numbers of people will keep the demand for resources and agricultural and livestock products in the international market at a high level for quite a long time.For emerging Asian economies on the road, the high prices of primary products will make them abandon the development methods adopted by Europe and the United States during the industrialization process in the past and look for a low resource consumption road.For Latin American and African countries, In other words, the rise of Asia and rising prices of primary products are also a rare development opportunity.
The most appropriate summary of this text is:
A.Asia's emerging economies will rise on a path of low resource consumption
B.The development of emerging Asian countries directly affects Latin American and African countries
C.Demand for resources and agricultural and livestock products in the international market has remained high for quite a long time
D.The rapid development of emerging Asian countries has a significant impact on the demand for international markets

d
At present, the standards of the minimum living security line in China are different.Many less-developed areas are 50 yuan or 60 yuan per person per month.In some news reports, the topic is "improving the minimum living standard to 50 yuan per month".Achievements.Of course, the price level and living index of different places are very different, but in China today, even if the dibao line in many developed cities is more than 300 yuan a month, it is still difficult for dibao households to maintain their livelihood.Hardships are not hard to imagine.
This passage is mainly to emphasize:
A.Different standards of minimum living guarantee line in China
B.In some places, improving the minimum living standard is the performance indicator
C.Low living standards in developed areas
D.Low standards of minimum living security in less developed areas

b
Phytoremediation is a new environmental pollution control technology that uses certain plants that can tolerate and super-enrich toxic elements and their coexisting microbial systems to remove pollution.Phytoremediation systems can be viewed as solar-powered "water pumps" and carry out Biological treatment of "plant reactor", plants can absorb and transfer elements and compounds, can accumulate, metabolize and fix pollutants, is an important way to fundamentally solve soil pollution.
The following statements are not among the advantages of phytoremediation:
A.Human phytoremediation is easy to implement and has little side effects on the soil
B.The phytoremediation process is faster than the physicochemical process and has a higher efficiency than conventional management
C.Less disturbance to the environment, no excavation, transportation and huge processing place required
D.Phytoremediation will not damage the landscape ecology, can green the environment, and is easily accepted by the public

d
Today's students take the college entrance examination as the most important goal in life, and schools and parents are rushing to do so.Because the college entrance examination does not test the practical ability, it naturally takes courses that are not related to the college entrance examination as a sub-subject.As a result, many Chinese students have high scores and low energy.The status quo of poor hands-on ability.This may seem like a small problem, but in fact it has an important relationship with the structure of Chinese talent training, and even affects China's future to some extent.
This passage is mainly to emphasize:
A.The college entrance examination is the most important life goal of today's students
B.The college entrance examination is the direct cause of high scores and low energy for Chinese students
C.Students' high scores and low energy have an important relationship with the structure of talent training
D.In addition to learning knowledge, students' skills must be cultivated

b
Difficulties in life and loneliness in the heart have made me shaken about my choice.Whenever I worry about eating, or miss my mother, I can only call, I really regret my impulse choice.But think about it after all It's my own decision, but it's only half a year, it can be quite good! But soon, seeing the improvement of the English results of these rural children, one by one, the children who dropped out of school returned to the classroom, I think I found a favorite Feeling here.
The author's most likely identity is:
A.Primary school teachers
B.Youth volunteers
C.Reporter
D.Young village cadres

a
At present, the protection of personal privacy in China's laws is relatively weak, and personal privacy is mainly protected by the right of personal reputation.Moreover, if the right of personal reputation is violated, the consequences of infringement will be investigated.The vast majority of those who have been "harassed" For the people, the consequences of the violation are not very obvious and it is difficult to investigate.
What does the author want to express through this passage?
A.China's laws on protecting individual privacy rights need to be improved
B.The consequences of personal assault in our country are not obvious
C.China's current law protects individuals' right to reputation
D.China's personal privacy is primarily protected through personal reputation

b
Investment is still the main driving force for China's economic growth, but unlike the previous drive, which was mainly driven by the interests of local governments, investment is now increasingly driven by corporate profits and profitability, and the quality of investment has improved significantly.At the same time, the stronger the profitability Industrial industry.Investment growth is also higher.
What is the main point you want to express in this passage?
A.Investment remains the main driver of China's economic growth
B.Investment is now more and more in a virtuous circle of market-led
C.Previous investments were mainly driven by local government interests
D.Increased profitability of industry investment growth

b
The original ecological environment of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau occupies a special place in the world, but the ecological environment is very fragile, once damaged, it is irreversible, and some plants need to be restored for hundreds of years.Alpine, drought, primitive and extremely fragile is this region Significant characteristics of the ecological environment.
What do the following options match the original meaning?
A.The plants on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau are very fragile, and damage is irreversible
B.Alpine and drought make the ecological environment of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau very fragile
C.The ecological environment of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau is the oldest and most primitive
D.Although the ecological environment of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau is primitive, its ability to resist damage is weak

b
The number of human genes is almost the same as that of mammals such as cats and dogs, and is very close to that of rats.What is even more exasperating is that the number of rice genes is twice that of humans.
What is the point of this passage?
A.Mammals have similar numbers
B.The number of genes does not represent the level of the species
C.Humans and mice are genetically very close
D.Some plants have more genes than animals

c
Many nations in the world are facing the loss of their mother tongue's right to speak on the world stage, and have to rely on the West to make up their language, thus gradually weakening their own culture.
This passage can be used to prove which of the following points?
A.The importance of protecting the mother tongue of the nation
B.Language is also divided into strong and weak
C.Reasons for the gradual weakening of national culture
D.We cannot adhere to the West in language

b
Objectively speaking, "network democracy" has certain advantages over traditional democracy, but it is also limited and disruptive.From the perspective of future development, "network democracy" must become an effective, orderly, and tangible form of democracy There is a rather long process, and it is still a difficult process.Therefore, how to guide the direction and process of "network democracy" development is particularly important.
The following statement is inconsistent?
A.The current online democracy is still immature.
B.Traditional democracy is also limited and disruptive.
C.In the future, cyber democracy may become the official form of democracy.
D.The following may discuss ways and means to guide the development of cyber democracy.

d
At present, the new landmarks in many cities are either higher than height, or more luxurious, or blindly pursuing avant-garde and grotesque, forming a sharp contrast with the surrounding historical context.Because architecture, especially landmark buildings, involves centuries-old plans and millennium plans, once built , It is difficult to change, so in recent years there have been many recognized failures, which have become extremely dissonant notes in the city, criticized by the world, and left a laughingstock for future generations.
What does the author mean?
A.The new landmark of the city should be in harmony with the surrounding historical context.
B.Landmark architecture involves a hundred-year plan and a millennium plan.
C.The pursuit of height, luxury, avant-garde or grotesque has created many city landmarks.
D.Be careful in building urban landmarks.Don't be criticized by the world.Don't leave a laughingstock for future generations.

c
Chinese philosophy believes that the saint is not a person who does not ask the world affairs, but he is also the "inner sage and the outer king".The inner sage is said in terms of his accomplishment; the outer king is in terms of its function in society.There must be a chance to become the leader of practical politics.In terms of actual politics, he probably has no chance.The so-called "inner holy and outer king" just says that people with extremely high spiritual achievements can reasonably be king, And it is best to be king.As for the fact that he has the opportunity to be king, it is another matter, and it is irrelevant.
The following statement is inconsistent?
A.Although there is no opportunity to be a leader in actual politics, saints will still actively participate in the affairs of the world
B.Highly cultivated people do not have the opportunity to become leaders of practical politics because they cannot handle world affairs perfectly.
C.Highly trained people must be suitable to be leaders in practical politics.
D.Chinese philosophy discusses the inner sage and the outer king, and focuses more on the inner sage.

b
With the improvement of social adaptability and the ability to distinguish between external and internal selves, children are gradually able to more realistically judge social interaction situations and show complex social selves based on these judgments.At the same time, children's self-structure is becoming increasingly stable To enable children to adjust their behaviors based on their internal value standards and belief systems, as well as the needs of external contexts.
The following statement is inconsistent?
A.Self-structure is one of the bases for children to adjust their behavior.
B.Children's judgments on social interaction situations can reflect their social selves.
C.Social adaptability has gradually improved, and the ability to distinguish between external and internal selves has gradually increased, making children's self-structure tend to be stable.
D.Children's self-structure and ability to judge social contexts develop almost simultaneously.

a
Biodiversity is a collective term for all biological species and their genetic variation and the complexity of ecosystems at a certain time.It is formed by the interaction of life on Earth with its environment and evolution over billions of years.One of the important constituents of the surface natural geographic environment.The life support system that human beings rely on to survive and develop by combining biodiversity and its physical environment is the material foundation of social and economic development, and it is important to maintain the ecological balance and beautification of nature And the stable living environment has a very important role.
The following statement is inconsistent?
A.Biodiversity is a collective term for biological groups formed by organisms over a long process of billions of years.
B.Genetic variation of biological species and the complexity of ecosystems are important aspects of biodiversity.
C.Biodiversity is formed by the interaction between life and the environment in a long evolution.
D.Biodiversity is conducive to maintaining ecological balance and is an indispensable material basis for human socio-economic development.

d
For a long time, various regions around China have different perceptions of China, and this may be just a mirror that makes China's self-awareness more accurate.Compared with those civilizations that have been in close contact with China and seem to be close, The West, which has been used as a comparative mirror, seems to be just a dim and vague bronze mirror.Although the outline of the overall Chinese culture can be seen, the details of specific cultural China cannot be clearly understood.Therefore, if we turn to this periphery, set a phrase in the economics circle Commonly used terminology, maybe it will become a new growth point for academics.Because of the development of this research field, I think that the changes in academic history that are induced may be a re-emphasis on language tools and a re-emphasis on new data outside the domain.
What's the point of this text?
A.China should study the culture of the surrounding areas
B.A better understanding of China through studies of surrounding areas
C.China should re-emphasize language tools and new extraterritorial materials
D.China needs to strengthen self-awareness

d
School is the main channel for disseminating knowledge, but it is not the only channel.Learning book knowledge is important, but learning is also important in practice.No scientist's knowledge is completely learned from school, and no scientist's knowledge is completely Learned from books.
What is the main point of the above materials?
A.Studying book knowledge and participating in practice are two sources of knowledge
B.The experience people learn through their own practice is real and reliable, and book knowledge is unreliable
C.It is impossible for a person to gain knowledge by doing everything himself, and it is not necessary to do so
D.We must constantly learn from books and continuously enrich our knowledge through practice

b
Fight punishment with all criminal acts, safeguard national security, protect the people's democratic dictatorship and socialist system, protect state-owned property and property owned collectively by the working masses, protect private property owned by citizens, protect the personal rights of citizens, democratic rights and other rights, maintaining social order, economic order, and ensuring the smooth progress of the cause of socialist construction are the tasks of our criminal law.
What is the correct interpretation of this passage?
A.The purpose of our criminal law is to combat illegal crimes.
B.The purpose of our criminal law is to safeguard the rights of the state and the people.
C.Only criminal law can guarantee the smooth progress of socialist construction.
D.Criminal law does not guarantee the rights of criminals.

b
There are differences between Chinese and Western cognitive methods, thinking logic, and even the overall cultural concept.For example, the persistence of Western methods may lead to a progressive understanding, emphasizing the relationship between the subject and the object, and the accuracy of object descriptions; The Chinese-style splashing leads to harmony and understanding.When describing objects, there is often a certain kind of ambiguity in clarity.However, the two are not good or bad, they are right or wrong, only the dialogue that arises because of "difference".Enlightenment, complementarity and harmony.To achieve "neutralization" through "difference", such "harmony and difference" can complete a coexisting and colorful world.
What is wrong with this passage?
A.The West focuses on the accuracy of object descriptions, while China tends to coexist with clarity and ambiguity.
B.The "differences" between China and the West are antagonistic and do not reconcile each other.
C.There are differences in cultural concepts, but there is no distinction between good and bad.
D.Completing a coexisting and colorful world is the purpose of inspiring the dialogue between two cultures.

b
A person's true "spiritual hunger" should be cultivated from elementary and high school.At this stage, China must "save reading" at school, especially children's reading."Reading is a weapon to eliminate ignorance, poverty and despair." A nation s spiritual realm depends on the level of reading; a person s reading history is his mental development history; a school without reading can never have a real education, and learning without reading can only be called "training".
What is the correct understanding of the purpose of this passage?
A.Whether you develop the habit of reading from childhood will largely determine a person's spiritual state.
B.Reading should be an important part of school education.
C.The biggest difference between "learning" and "training" is that "training" is just the cultivation of skills.
D.Reading is the best way to cultivate "mental hunger".

d
The commoditization of folk art is happening across the country.This kind of folk art that looks like thriving is essentially extinct in the cultural sense.Is there only such a way out for folk art? There is another way in the world to treat one's own traditions and cultures--that is, to maintain the devotion and dedication to a life in folk art, and treat it as a traditional spirit, a carrier of national emotions and spirit.People know how difficult it is to do this today.Therefore, it is imperative to census and records the original folk art.This is not just to record a cultural form, and emotional beauty, but also to witness and Record a spirit of history.
What is the correct understanding of this passage?
A.The commercialization of folk art enables folk art to be preserved without being wiped out due to a major change from traditional society to modern society.
B.The commercialization of folk art has enabled the preservation of folk art, and the census and recording of existing folk art have no substantial meaning.
C.Keeping folk art as a carrier of national emotions and spirits has become very difficult in the modern era of commercialization.
D.In the case of commercialization of folk art, the inheritors of folk art should reshape the emotional beauty of folk art, and make folk art a spirit to witness and record history.

a
The personal foreign currency deposits of the Bank of China Beijing Branch have exceeded the US $ 1 billion; a significant proportion of the US $ 2 billion foreign exchange loans issued by the Bank come from personal deposits of residents.
The main meaning of this passage is?
A.The total foreign currency owned by individuals is already considerable.
B.One-half of the bank's accumulated foreign exchange loans came from individual residents.
C.The bank has a $ 2 billion loan, a significant percentage of which is lent to individual residents.
D.The bank's personal foreign currency deposits have accounted for half of the total deposits.

a
After the industrial revolution of the 18th century, the large-scale development and utilization of energy have become the mainstream of economic development in various countries.The scale of its development degree directly determines the economic growth of a country, especially the large-scale development and utilization of coal and the supply of large quantities of cheap oil has overwritten industrialized countries.History of economic development.The energy strategy of economics research is also mainly how to ensure the increasing demand for economic and social development with increasing energy supply, and any research and development that raises the level of energy consumption is considered uneconomical and uneconomic This energy strategy has played an active role in encouraging people to develop and use energy and ensuring the rapid growth of infrastructure and industry in industrialized countries, but there is no restriction on the development of energy, which has resulted in the destruction and waste of energy resources, which has not been cured until now.Environmental pollution and pollution.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.The economic significance of energy strategies is far from offsetting their environmental harm
B.Energy development strategies after the 18th century pursue unrestricted development and use of energy
C.The degree of exploitation of coal and oil is a sign of a country's economic development
D.Lack of reasonable planning for energy development has led to disorderly energy development after the industrial revolution

c
The latest research shows that if the reflection capacity of urban roofs and road surfaces is increased, the temperature of the earth's atmosphere may be reduced at a very low cost.Although the reduction is small, it can be measured.Some researchers said in the Environmental Research Report Because roofs and roads account for more than 60% of the city's surface area, the use of light-colored materials can increase the average reflectance to a certain extent, reducing the average global temperature by as much as 0.07 degrees Celsius.
Based on this text, which of the following understanding is correct?
A.New materials can significantly reduce the indoor temperature
B.Urban pavement accounts for more than half of the total urban area
C.People are exploring new ways to alleviate global warming
D.Strong reflective ability on the surface of dark materials

d
The many "beautiful" incidents discovered by the media and moving to the front of the stage show that: Although contemporary Chinese society has encountered severe turbulence and reconstruction in terms of moral values during the period of rapid transformation, virtues are still circulating in our real life "The most beautiful" event is the ordinary actions of ordinary people, and it is these ordinary people's ordinary actions, but it is a good interpretation of the essence of morality, that is, people's self-reflection and conscious requirements of their own lives.It is people's intrinsic value pursuit, rather than passively making their behavior comply with the norms, which provides useful inspiration for the moral construction of contemporary Chinese society.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A."The most beautiful" comes from ordinary
B.Advocating virtues will never be outdated
C.Moral embodies the intrinsic value pursuit of man
D.Moral inspiration from the "most beautiful" incident

d
The camera invented in the 1820s became an industrial product after 112 years; the radio invented in the 1860s took three years before it was put into use in the early 20th century; and the television invented in the 20th century only took 12 years to After being applied, the atomic bomb took only 6 years from design to application, the invention of the transistor to industrial production only took 3 years, and the invention of the laser to its application took less than 1 year.
The text is intended to illustrate technological inventions:
A.Cycles are getting shorter
B.Higher and higher levels
C.More and more results
D.Applications are getting faster

b
The cultural industry integrates intensive talents, technology, knowledge and capital, and has distinctive interdisciplinary, cross-professional, cross-temporal, and cross-cultural characteristics.It will also be in the future of personal behavior, social life and national construction, and global development and development.Human affairs play a central role.The 1995 report of the World Commission on Culture and Development of UNESCO stated that culture is the ultimate goal and destination of the overall prosperity and development of human existence.It can be said that the transboundary nature of culture and its importance, There are fundamental requirements for the quality and scale of cultural talents.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The cultural industry plays an important role in human social life
B.Cultural talent must be of high quality and scale
C.Culture is the ultimate goal of human prosperity and development
D.The particularity and importance of the cultural industry

b
Artistic elitism is the consistent elegance and self-awareness of art.It emphasizes that art is a unique portrayal of the artist's inner experience and has a unique aesthetic significance.Consuming the needs and desires of the public is generally not in its scope of consideration, and popular culture is more Willing to emphasize how art presents meaning in consumption and acceptance.If the needs and desires of the masses change, then as producers, artists need to produce new mass cultural products as a universal paradigm of modern art.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Self-consciousness is the soul of elegant art
B.Art creation should connect with society
C.The development of art is also affected by the laws of the market
D.The essence of art lies in its cultural attributes

c
Bacon once said: "Knowledge is power." Now in the information age, one can say that information is power, information, technology and infrastructure for disseminating information, and the ability to master and apply information technology, which constitutes a new source of rights.The global network infrastructure, continuously increasing network transmission rates, increasingly sophisticated mobile portable Internet terminals, and the rapid expansion of new media applications based on the digitalization of interpersonal networks have enabled information flows to achieve transnational movements at high speed and in real time.The emergence of video websites and social networking sites has made it easier to spread, pay attention to, and more easily respond to information flows that have simplification, symbolization, and fragmentation.Actors who can influence this information flow have their power It will be enhanced, otherwise it will be weakened.
The text is intended to emphasize the use of network information technology and new media:
A.Changing the way modern information is disseminated
B.Expanded human access to knowledge
C.Promote the reconstruction of the source of power
D.The increasing global disparity in information resources

b
The national culture must have a foundation, and the inheritance of spiritual civilization must have a carrier, and the city is its masterpiece.Looking at the world, historical and cultural cities and modern international metropolises, it can be called a palace of culture and art, a museum of architecture, from the democratic city of Athens to The cultural city of Venice, from the fashion capital of Paris to the music city of Vienna, has a unique cultural spirit that has made the city brilliant after thousands of years.
The article is most likely to say next
A.World-famous cities with various cultural characteristics
B.To cultivate and enhance the taste of the city with cultural spirit
C.Urban construction and development must show characteristics and charm
D.How national culture is passed on

d
The nature of the market economy is the rule of law economy, and the market and the rule of law are two sides of the same coin, both of which are indispensable.Unlike in the era of the planned economy, the allocation of resources by the market economy is achieved through a competitive mechanism, which must follow a comprehensive set of rules to Realize the adjustment of the economy through the "invisible hand" of the market.
The text mainly says:
A.The difference between a market economy and a planned economy lies in the rule of law
B.The development of a market economy cannot be separated from the rule of law and the market
C.Market competition can achieve reasonable allocation of resources
D.Rule of law is the basic guarantee for the healthy development of the market economy

b
A survey by the British New Economy Foundation of 178 countries in the world shows that in emerging countries such as China, people's happiness is higher than that of Japan, South Korea, and the United States.Of course, according to the society of the University of Erasmus in the Netherlands and the University of Michigan in the United States According to the Institute's survey, since a brief rise in 1995, Chinese happiness has also begun to decline.People around the world have begun to realize the fact that economic growth is not the same as development, because the latter also includes ecological A series of indicators such as leisure, social welfare and fairness and justice; happiness does not only refer to the happiness of the senses, because it is also related to the positive experience and overall evaluation of the meaning of life.
According to this text, the following statement is correct
A.Emerging countries have different perceptions of happiness
B.Happiness includes both the joy of the senses and the understanding of the meaning of life
C.The cultural background has an important influence on the formation of national happiness
D.Happiness is closely related to economic growth

b
When discussing the problem of left-behind children, some scholars blame it on individual and family factors, emphasizing parent-child separation, but whether it is historically going westward, moving domestically through the population such as Kanto, or overseas populations formed in the South Ocean, There were a large number of left-behind children.During the Ming and Qing Dynasties, Huizhou businessmen went out to do business in large numbers, and there were also a large number of left-behind children in their hometowns.And the left-behind children produced by urbanization have already begun to take shape in northern Zhejiang and northern Jiangsu in modern times.Why did the issue of left-behind children become a public issue after the 1990s? This is not only because of its increasing size, but also because of the transformation of rural society, which has fundamentally changed the rural education environment.On the road to modernization, urbanization On the way, rural society is completely in a disadvantaged and passive position, and rural culture has declined.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.The destruction of rural culture in rural China is devastating
B.The decline of rural society is the main cause of the problem of left-behind children
C.Exploring the problem of left-behind children cannot be justified at the individual and family level
D.Left-behind children in history have not caused problems

a
Whether it is a nation or a country, its culture can never be static, but it is changing every moment.This change is sometimes very slow and almost invisible; but in our time, Everything is developing rapidly, and cultures around the world are undergoing rapid and huge changes.At this moment, the most important question we still face is: Can the personality and characteristics of a region or country be able to withstand globalization, The erosion of modernization? The answer can be two types: yes or no.Some cultures may be weakened or even assimilated, but if we are vigilant on this issue, we will reduce cultural changes and preserve them.
Based on this text, the author believes:
A.Changing culture should maintain its own personality
B.Culture should change quickly following the pace of the world
C.The trend of cultural change is irreversible
D.The erosion of globalization is increasing cultural assimilation

a
With the development of technology and the enrichment of materials, today's entertainment forms are becoming more and more diverse, such as TV series, pop music, and the Internet.They are faster and more convenient in terms of giving people happiness and satisfying people's desires.Exciting and attractive, have much stronger advantages than poetry.People are born to seek happiness.Since there are better ways to entertain, people can quickly eliminate their troubles and get pleasure and spiritual enjoyment, so why read poetry? There are only some mundane people, who may quietly open the collection of poems in their free time or when the night is quiet, to listen to the poet's dreamy self-talk and share the poet's loneliness.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Fast and diversified forms of entertainment have led to the decline of poetry
B.Today only a few secular men can understand the loneliness of the poet's soul
C.Poetry should keep pace with the times and actively seek ways out of difficulties
D.Poetry is no longer a literary style that can bring pleasure and spiritual enjoyment

d
When a cyclical economic crisis occurs, it is often also the time when the factors of production are regrouped.Individuals should use this period to improve their employability, participate in training programs that are suitable for them, and supplement themselves with lessons--employment skills, entrepreneurship and general qualities.Usually, after a crisis, there will be a period of economic prosperity.This new economic prosperity is formed on the basis of the upgrading of the industrial structure, so the requirements for the quality of labor will be greatly increased.Who accumulated during the trough of the labor market Employability, who can seize the opportunity in the subsequent boom.
The main summary of the text is the most accurate:
A.Accelerating the improvement of workers' quality is a means to get rid of the economic crisis
B.Workers should not lose confidence in the job market during the downturn
C.Industrial structure upgrade promotes workers to improve their own quality
D.Economic crisis can also be a good time for individuals to improve their capabilities

b
In the history of literature, science fiction literature is something that has only recently emerged.It accompanied the appearance of modern science and developed with the modernization of the world.Before that, although fantasy literature also widely existed, Dante's Divine Comedy and Mary Snow However, this insurmountable gap exists between Lai's Frankenstein.The essential requirement of science fiction literature is the core of science, and the core of the scientific spirit must be knowability, an anti-obscurantism, and fantasy work that lives in science.For science fiction literature.
According to the above, the fundamental difference between science fiction literature and fantasy literature is that science fiction literature:
A.Imagination based on reality
B.Relying on science
C.Appears later
D.Inspiring people's wisdom

d
People generally believe that integrity is a matter of personal morality and has nothing to do with others, but personal morality is not just a personal issue.It also produces social effects through externalities-the debts that individuals receive may eventually be "retributed" to the whole From the perspective of society, from the perspective of institutional economics, a good economic system and governance mechanism should be able to suppress negative externalities, otherwise the economic order may go to collapse.Institutions and mechanisms should be used to make the initiators bear their due responsibilities instead of Let others or the entire market pay for it.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.The personal character must be paid for by the whole society
B.The economic system is of great significance to the economic order
C.Integrity is both a social issue and an economic issue
D.Institutions are needed to suppress negative externalities of dishonesty

d
As the most creative subject and the most dynamic medium, writers and artists, once engaged in cultural communication behavior, must assume double obligations or double roles: spread their own culture to cultures other than themselves.Introduce cultures other than ourselves back to ourselves.In this way, when we examine the relationship between foreign writers and Chinese culture, it is impossible, and we should not envision Chinese culture and Chinese thought as a fixed radiation center for one-dimensional observation.In order to conduct inventory with trade, we must conduct a two-way, interactive investigation, and specifically study the new imagination and creation generated in the process of accepting each other's culture.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Cultural exchange should not be a one-way indoctrination but a two-way interaction
B.Cultural communication research focuses on the elements of innovation in communication
C.Real scholars are those who have dual obligations and dual roles
D.Scholars must be active as two-way communicators in cultural exchanges

b
Newspapers are limited by the time of publication, radio and television are limited by the time of broadcast, and Internet media have no time limit of release, coupled with the ease of production and distribution, making the timeliness of new media far better than traditional media.Yes, the news is a report of recent facts; now, the news is a report of facts that are happening.It is often seen that the spread of news is synchronized with the course of events.
This text mainly states:
A.Internet media news releases are real-time
B.New media reinterprets the definition of "news"
C.Large differences between new media and traditional media
D.News dissemination should focus on synchronization with events

b
In the future, San Francisco will operate entirely on a system called the "hydrogen network".According to the designers' ideas, a new aquatic resource development zone will be established in coastal areas flooded by rising sea levels.In the development zone, there are seaweed fields and high-rise buildings.San Francisco is famous for its fog.This design makes good use of this natural resource: the novel and unique fog collection device "Mist Flower" Freshwater is taken from seaweed and converted into hydrogen for fuel.
Regarding the future of San Francisco, the following statements are consistent with the original:
A.New aquatic resource development zone will expand as sea level rises
B.Hydrogen can be provided by the mist collecting device to solve the problem of fuel energy
C.City operation will be based on the improvement of desalination technology
D.Seawater purification system "fog" will be fully used

c
The utilitarian nature of collection does not weaken the charm of the collection as an elegant cultural and artistic activity but can promote the development of the collection business.From ancient times to the present, pure non-utilitarian collection can be said to be unique.The objective demand for value preservation and value increase motivates people to The level of appraisal and appreciation of various utensils continues to increase.If you leave a certain historical condition to talk about the so-called pure collection appreciation, it will only cause confusion of the concept for the collection industry.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Industry disagrees with utilitarianism in collection activities
B.Non-utilitarian collections have little significance for the development of collections
C."Utilitarianism" in collection
D.The vast majority of collection activities are driven by profit

c
Although intellectual property is essentially a knowledge monopoly of varying degrees, the meaning of "monopoly" in the context of intellectual monopoly caused by intellectual property is very different from the meaning of "monopoly" in traditional antitrust laws."Knowledge monopoly" mainly refers to the exclusive right granted by the intellectual property law; if such exclusive right leads to a market monopoly of the corresponding product or service, then "knowledge monopoly" also includes the consequences of such a market monopoly, regardless of the rights of the right holder There are two possibilities for this kind of exclusive right to be "abuse" or not.One is that the right holder uses the exclusive right to gradually control the corresponding product market, resulting in anti-competitive consequences.The second is that it does not control the market and does not cause anti-competitive consequences.The former is exactly the situation in which antitrust laws may require sanctions.
Which of the following statements is consistent with the original:
A.Exclusivity leads to knowledge monopoly
B.Anti-competition is caused by abuse of intellectual property
C.Intellectual property is essentially a knowledge market monopoly
D.The law should intervene in intellectual property rights that cause market monopolies

c
Because environmental public interest litigation is targeted at many individuals, the polluters and the same gamers have higher transaction costs.In the absence of previous environmental public interest litigation channels, it is actually difficult for the polluted party to obtain compensation under the condition of high transaction costs.That is to say, it is impossible to form a cooperative game between the two parties.In the new legal environment, the possible change is that the polluters take a more cooperative stance in consideration of the possibility of suffering public interest litigation.The two parties are more likely to reach a cooperative game, that is, the polluting party allocates part of the pollution income to the polluted party.From the perspective of the welfare results, under the condition of fixed transaction costs, the total benefits of cooperation are greater than those of non-cooperation.
The text is intended to explain:
A.It is difficult for polluters to get compensation if they do not take legal channels
B.Environmental public interest litigation can promote a cooperative game between polluters and polluters
C.New legal measures make possible rational distribution of pollution proceeds
D.Transaction costs are a prerequisite for a cooperative game between polluters and polluters

a
The reason why the Dragon Boat Festival is "Zizi Festival" is, from the perspective of traditional culture, a kind of "deletion of complexity and simplicity" and a kind of compliance; but from the perspective of the public, it is an impatience and passive choice.Quite simply, over the years, we have often been accustomed to relying on the path of stimulating consumption on the issue of traditional festivals, and we have been hesitant to add some fresh and robust cultural elements to replace those traditional rituals and content that have gradually disappeared.Over time, the "blank" can only be filled by seemingly superficial but practical business operations.
The text emphasizes:
A.Creativity without cultural elements leads to the materialization of traditional festivals
B.Traditional festivals can be more vital if they are integrated into public cultural life
C.The status quo of traditional festival culture has deviated from the original folk customs significance
D.The Dragon Boat Festival becomes "Zizi Festival" is a helpless act of cultural retreat

b
During the gambling process, people tend to think that past events are likely to affect the probability of future events.This is called the "gambler's fallacy".British scientists recruited 31 patients with brain injuries to let them play slot machines.The result was only " "Win" and "nearly won"; at the same time, 13 patients with damage to other areas of the brain and 16 healthy people were recruited for a comparative study.The study found that in addition to subjects with brain injury, other people were getting "almost When the result of "winning", the desire to continue participating in the game has strengthened.These people have confirmed the "gambler's fallacy." Scientists believe that the gambler's brain island area may be extremely active, making it easy to make illogical reasoning.In the future It may be that brain island is a targeted treatment of gambling addiction, that is, to reduce the activity of brain island through drugs or psychotherapy.
Which of the following statements is consistent with the original:
A.People with brain damage are not affected by the "gambler's fallacy"
B.Decreasing brain activity may inhibit gambling urges
C.Gambling-addicted people easily make illogical reasoning in daily life
D.It is difficult for people with brain damage to estimate the probability of future events

b
The first thing to do after waking up is to touch the mobile phone, pick up the mobile phone to take a picture and tweet on Weibo.Everyone at the table is facing the mobile phone, chatting one by one, and pulling out the mobile phone under the pillow at midnight to check the news......Smart phones have penetrated into all aspects of life and have adversely affected personal life and social interaction.In response to the phenomenon of smart phones, people have called for "digital dieting"-people should use smart phones reasonably, and Instead of being controlled by a mobile phone, everyone needs to recognize the dangers of mobile phone addiction.
According to this text, the author is most likely to:
A.Introduce how the concept of "digital dieting" emerged
B.Give suggestions on how to reduce dependence on smartphones
C.Reviewing the simple and healthy life of people in the traditional mobile phone era
D.Explain where smartphones have affected life

c
The most fundamental criteria for measuring the progress and development of a society are whether the society can well meet the needs of the people, whether it can provide a broad and free development space for the people, and whether it adheres to the people-oriented approach to social development goals.Judging from the past, the practice of indicators such as GD.P that reflect economic development as the core indicator of social development progress is obviously inadequate, and the happiness index that reflects the subjective quality of life of the public can make up for the lack of GD.P indicators and is used to Not only that, we measure the overall progress and development of society.The happiness index is also an important indicator for monitoring the healthy operation of a society.It plays a diagnostic function and reflects the happiness index of the people.It is the fundamental basis for us to formulate and adjust various policies.We can Through tracking research on the happiness index, grasp the trend and change law of the happiness index of different social groups, use it as an important "indicator" of the degree of reform target realization, understand the "barometer" of people's mood fluctuations and changes, and detect the healthy operation of society "Early Alerter".
What does this text mainly introduce about the happiness index?
A.It is an important diagnostic tool for detecting the operation of society
B.Help people rationally grasp and understand social conditions
C.It has important practical value for promoting social development and progress
D.The GD.P indicator should be replaced as the core indicator of social progress

d
In the past, the U.S.manufacturing industry exported a large number of high value-added small items and outsourced low-value-added products and assemblies to other countries.Now this situation has undergone some reversals, and some companies have made some bulky due to logistics considerations.The assembly of low-value products is rearranged domestically, while the production of high-value parts is still arranged overseas.Nevertheless, from a global perspective, the comparative advantages of emerging countries are still obvious, and the development potential of the manufacturing industry still exists.Trade theory shows that once a country has an advantage in a certain industry or product, this advantage will be strengthened due to factors such as increasing returns to scale and incomplete competition.Therefore, after decades of manufacturing transfer, China And other emerging countries' advantages in manufacturing have been formed, which is a great challenge to the return of American manufacturing.
This text mainly introduces:
A.U.S.manufacturing recovery has a huge impact on emerging countries
B.Increasing science and technology content and added value are conducive to the development of manufacturing
C.Changes in the international division of labor system provide opportunities for the return of U.S.manufacturing
D.U.S.manufacturing does not have comprehensive advantages in competing with emerging markets

d
At present, the concepts of media convergence and multi-terminal transmission of TV programs are not new, as long as the programs that put content on different terminals claim to be media convergence.Technology has expanded media types and channels, and true media integration must learn from Internet user thinking It is necessary to customize content based on the multi-level "real needs" of users from different channels, form mutual information relationships with users, and form the key point of media fusion.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Putting the same content on different terminals has become a common practice for media integration of current TV programs
B.Media integration itself cannot improve the content quality of the program, but it can better disseminate and absorb the program
C.To achieve media integration, it is necessary to integrate various terminals and channels into an organism to form an "ecosphere" for information dissemination.
D.Taking user needs as the starting point, the formation of information-sharing relationships between content producers and users is the key to media convergence

b
Domestic dogs are good friends of humans.Although they are very different, they have a common ancestor-the gray wolf.Gray wolves are widely distributed around the world, but domestic dogs everywhere have not evolved from gray wolves everywhere..NA.Starting from comparing the genetic diversity of domestic dog populations from different regions, the researchers found that domestic dog populations from southern East Asia have the highest diversity.At the same time, the structure of the phylogenetic tree also supports the commonness of domestic dogs.On the phylogenetic tree, the end of each branch represents a group, and the more closely related groups will also be closer to the tree.Domestic dog samples from southern East Asia are all located in the phylogenetic tree.Position of the base.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Domestic dogs originate from gray wolves, which have a very wide distribution worldwide
B.Domestic dogs with different temperaments and shapes have a common origin
C.Phylogenetic tree principle provides support for animal evolution research
Research on D.genome D.NA.Fundamentally solves the problem of domestic dog origin

d
At present, there are at least two basic orientations in China's ethics research.One is to accept some basic values of the West and discuss how contemporary China should construct new ethics and morals in accordance with Western modern values; the other is to try to return China's traditional values, obtained theoretical resources from Confucian and other traditional ideas to reshape China's ethics and morals.However, most of the current research faces an embarrassing situation: the theory and practice are disconnected.These theories are too far away from reality to take root.The impact on ordinary people is minimal.One of the important reasons is that daily moral thinking has its unique characteristics.If this feature is ignored or even violated, it will be difficult for ethical theories to understand and accept for ordinary people to form a daily moral consensus.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Unique features of daily moral thinking
B.Bottlenecks in Ethics Research in China Today
C.Basic Orientation of Chinese Ethics Research
D.Basic principles to be followed in ethics research

a
The dissemination power of news public opinion is to effectively disseminate news content to the people who should receive it within a prescribed time.If the dissemination power cannot keep up, the news loses its value and will become old news.In the paper media era, dissemination means to rely on printing.Expression, relying on the physical movement of printed matter to form communication, so the production and distribution of news is a centralized method.The rise and rapid development of the Internet, especially the mobile Internet, the production of news is shifting from centralized to decentralized, and the speed of news distribution is in bit mode.The speed of light.This change in "communication means" caused by technological changes requires that science and technology media people must continue to develop new news production and news distribution technologies to meet the needs of communication power.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Sci-tech media people in the Internet era must meet the new requirements of communication power
B.Nowadays, people's requirements for the dissemination of news and public opinion are getting higher and higher
C.The Internet age requires higher communication power to match it
D.News transmission speed has been upgraded in the Internet age

a
In an intelligent unmanned supermarket, every move from entry to exit will be digitized and captured and recorded.After this information is returned to the cloud, through algorithmic models, many very valuable information can be obtained: such as male customers and female customers What is the most concentrated time period for each of them to enter the store, which products are picked up and put back the most frequently, etc.It can even make predictions, for example, the sensor detects that many female guests entering the store are wearing high heels, keen boss It will put more half-heel insoles and ankle wear repair cream in the women's shoe area.It can be seen that the ultimate goal of digitalization is to optimize the supply chain of products and the humanization of store shelves and products.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Smart unmanned retail makes supermarkets smarter and more understanding
B.Intelligent unmanned retail adds bright color to the development prospects of offline physical stores
C.Intelligent unmanned retail can record and describe user purchase behavior
D.Better unmanned retailing experience for consumers

d
The "Silk Road" is the name given by the German geographer Lichhofen to the Han Dynasty as a transportation route dominated by silk trade between China and southern, central and western Asia, and India.However, with the deepening of academic research, archeological excavations As progress progresses, the meaning of the Silk Road is getting wider and wider.Indeed, the Silk Road existed between China and the West before the Han Dynasty, and it was not limited to China and Central Asia, South Asia, but also West Asia., The Mediterranean region and the Korean Peninsula, Japan, Southeast Asia and other places connected by the Maritime Silk Road; trade items are not only silk, but also various handmade products, plants, animals, arts, etc.The "Silk Road" is just like an extension Like the silk that opens, some lines are clear and some are intermittent; sometimes they are like a large net, and there are always gorgeous brocades.
This text mainly introduces:
A.The "Silk Road" is the road where civilizations of East and West meet.
B.New archaeological discoveries broaden the scope of the "Silk Road"
C.The "Silk Road" has strengthened trade between countries along the route
D.The meaning and scope of the "Silk Road" is constantly changing

a
Traditional family education and family rules are a form of family-based moral education in ancient China and a way of inheriting Chinese moral culture.The family education and family rules that have been passed down in the history of our country are mostly cultural celebrities or famous officials, which have a wide social impact.The functions of these family rules and family rules go far beyond the educational role of the family, and become a unique form of social education, providing a model and model for family education for the society.Especially these family rules and family rules have played a role in the reproduction and development of their families.The important safeguard function is likely to cause more people's attention and emulation in future generations, so that the disciplines in these families become universal teaching materials for moral education.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Social functions of traditional family rules and regulations
B.Historical origins of traditional family rules and regulations
C.The historical impact of traditional family rules and regulations
D.The educational role of traditional family rules and regulations

c
Many timeless masterpieces in ancient Chinese calligraphy and paintings are small-scale works, but this does not prevent future generations of calligraphy and painters from admiring and worshiping.In contrast, the current fierce painting scene, the fiery painting market has attracted a large number of new investors who lack experience in art Joining because of their lack of understanding of the value judgment of calligraphy and painting, they mistakenly thought that the larger the painting, the higher the value, the higher the value, they indiscriminately purchased some worthless "masterpieces" and ended up suffering.Catering to this market preference, I no longer focus on the intrinsic quality of the work, but are keen to invest in what I like, blindly seeking to be big, so it is large and empty, and the "giant system" that lacks pen and ink and connotative performance continues to flood the market.Disturb the market and make yourself farther and farther from real art creation.
According to this text, the following statements are true:
A.Most investors lack awareness of the value of calligraphy and painting works
B.The smaller the scale of ancient calligraphy and painting works, the more valuable it is to collect
C.The creative minds of some artists is closely related to market value
D.The inherent quality of modern calligraphy and painting works is susceptible to market influences

c
Rockets are the most important way for humans to enter space.In order to explore and use the deeper universe, the world s space powers have launched heavy-duty launch vehicle development programs, and Chinese astronauts have also stepped up their own heavy-duty launch vehicles.The carrying capacity of heavy-duty rockets will now be On the basis of the Long March V large carrier rocket, it has been greatly improved, mainly aimed at deep space exploration, and its lunar transfer orbit carrying capacity can reach 50 tons.In this way, it can meet the needs of establishing a lunar base in the future and manned landing on the moon.China's Mars exploration and other deep space exploration provides a powerful launch platform.
This text mainly introduces:
A.The rocket transport system will usher in technological innovation
B.International space technology research enters a new stage
C.The development of China's heavy launch vehicle will provide support for deep space exploration
D.Countries vigorously develop heavy launch vehicles to build deep space exploration platforms

d
Since China's access to the Internet, Internet information technology has developed rapidly, and major breakthroughs have been achieved in network technology, mobile chips, smart terminals, cloud computing, big data, satellite navigation and other fields, and a number of significant achievements have been achieved.The technology's independent innovation capability has been significantly enhanced, the intelligent terminal manufacturing industry has accelerated its catch-up, and has continuously cultivated new technologies and new applications to form new formats.However, it should be seen that compared with the world's advanced level, we still have a certain gap.The current situation in the world is strange.China must master core technologies to avoid being controlled by others in the new era and master the initiative of China's Internet development.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Core technological breakthroughs are a manifestation of a country's scientific and technological strength
B.There is still a gap between us and the world's advanced level
C.The initiative of Internet development should be in our own hands
D.In the new era, it is even more necessary to break the "lifeline" of the core Internet technology

a
Researchers believe that massive basal overflow basalts erupted to the surface, and the sharp rise in greenhouse gas concentrations caused by volcanic eruptions provided the necessary conditions for the enhancement of global terrestrial weathering.Continental weathering has huge amounts of ions and nutrients on the surface Salt transported to the ocean, causing eutrophication and ocean acidification of the seawater, which in turn led to the lack of oxygen in the seawater and the reduction of the light transmission zone, which threatened the environmental systems of life in the ocean at the time.This effect accumulated to the threshold and eventually triggered the marine ecosystem Collapse and mass extinction at the end of the Permian.
According to this text, which of the following statement is correct
A.The volcanic eruption was an important cause of life extinction at the end of the Permian
B.The direct cause of ocean acidification is a sharp rise in greenhouse gas concentrations
C.Enhanced terrestrial weathering has led to massive volcanic eruptions at the end of the Permian
D.Ocean hypoxia caused by eutrophication of seawater directly leads to the extinction of marine life

a
In fact, no matter whether it was an explorer a hundred years ago or us now, this protected area is just some uninvited guests, and the clouds, sand dunes, tornadoes, and creatures that grew up in it for billions of years, the Dance and grow freely here, they are the real masters here.
What does not belong to the "true owner of the reserve"?
A.People in the reserve
B.Plants in protected areas
C.Clouds, dunes, tornadoes
D.Animals growing in protected areas

c
Poetry, as the first literary form since there is text, will not die because humans have entered the TV era or the Internet era, because human beings need such a spiritual sustenance method-simple, easy, without any equipment, just a little mood.
What is the meaning that is not consistent with the meaning?
A.Poetry is the earliest literary style since words
B.Poetry is the spiritual sustenance of human beings
C.Poetry requires a little simple and easy equipment
D.Poetry will not die in the Internet age

a
The basic premise of selecting and using accurate science is to adhere to the assessment of the actual situation.Knowing people is not deep, not knowing people, and understanding of cadres only stays on the perceptual.Impressions often have improper employment and employment errors.Then Xiaosheng, watched Qianjian, and discerned.The precise and scientific identification of a cadre's meritocracy, ability, and work style must be carried out through long-term observation and understanding.However, in actual operation, some only pass regular limited I want to master the team, and it s unrealistic to rely on only a few conversations to eat the cadres.This is unrealistic.We must keep our efforts in peacetime, establish a regular analysis and justice system, take the initiative to penetrate the team, approach the cadres, and live democratically.Meetings, talks, field investigations, etc., an all-round, multi-angle, three-dimensional inspection of cadres.
According to this text, the following misunderstandings on accurate scientific identification of cadres are:
A.Is the basic premise of good people
B.The key is to look at the ordinary performance of cadres
C.Requires multi-dimensional, long-term investigation and evaluation
D.Must include many aspects such as talent, style, etc.

d
When the United States promotes democracy abroad, policymakers focus on the laws and institutions of other countries rather than their legitimate culture.They believe that people will give up recent security and stability for voting opportunities.They use military intervention to promote democratic values, It doesn't consider the problems that this approach brings, and it also ignores the values and interests of those they want to convince.
What does the above paragraph mainly mean?
A.Think that many mistakes were made in focusing on the laws and systems of other countries when promoting democracy overseas
B.Believe in blindly intervening in the promotion of democracy abroad without considering the values and interests of people in other countries
C.believes that the United States has made three major mistakes in promoting democracy abroad
D.Think that the U.S.has made four major mistakes when promoting democracy overseas

b
Twenty years ago, a high-level diplomatic conference on the Middle East was unthinkable without the participation and leadership of the United States.Today, Turkey, Russia, and Iran begin negotiations without Washington, while Syrian opposition travels to Moscow to discuss the future of the country Russia has also strengthened ties with Egypt, Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Israel.
What is the main meaning of the above paragraph?
A.On the Middle East, Russia has basically replaced the United States in Middle East affairs
B.U.S.control and influence in the Middle East has declined significantly
C.The Middle East begins to be dominated by the United States
D.The future of the Middle East is in the hands of major countries such as the United States or Russia and cannot dominate itself

b
With the acceleration of the modernization process, the development space of traditional culture has been compressed.There are many factors influencing it, but the traditional culture itself is not flexible and lacks innovation ability.It is also an important reason.On the one hand, it is self-sufficient and does not seek change.On the one hand, while in Baoshan without knowing it, the outstanding cultural wealth was not fully exploited.The story of Hua Mulan was filmed by Americans as an animated film, affecting cross-border borders, fully showing the folk tradition.The charm of cultural innovation.
What is the main meaning of the above paragraph?
A.Analysis of the reasons why traditional culture fails to advance with the times
B.The key to protecting traditional culture is cultural innovation
C.Traditional culture requires exotic thinking to innovate
D.The acceleration of modernization is the main reason for the fall of traditional culture

b
All cultures in the era of farming civilization are conservative, no exception, east or west.The profound reason is that in the manual production-based production method, "the old production method is maintained intact, but it is the past.The primary conditions for the survival of all industrial classes "(Selected Works of Marx and Engels).The profound qualitative changes in Western culture, especially the natural sciences after the Western Renaissance and the Industrial Revolution in the 18th century, have caused confrontation and conflict between China and the West And China's obvious backwardness in the development of natural sciences is rooted in the fact that the economic production methods and exchange methods of commodities based on machines have replaced the natural economic production methods based on manual tools.
What is the right thing to understand in the above paragraph?
A.The production method based on manual labor is the fundamental reason for the conservative nature of the culture in the era of farming civilization
B.From the perspective of historical and cultural phenomena, analyze the underlying causes of the confrontation and conflict between China and the West
C.Both the East and the West, in the feudal era, were dominated by farming civilization, so the East and West are conservative
D.The qualitative change of the natural sciences has led to the antagonism and conflict between Chinese and Western cultures, and has triggered changes in the modes of production and exchange.

d
With the Mei Hong team as the main research force, the "cloud-converged resource reflection mechanism and efficient interoperability technology" developed by Peking University as the first completion unit changed the traditional "white box" interoperability technology thinking and proposed a subversive data interoperability technology Approach-the "black box" idea, by revealing the computational reflection mechanism based on the cloud fusion characteristics inside the information system, invented a complete set of technologies and platforms that enable business data and functions to interoperate efficiently through external monitoring and control of the system client, breaking through information The efficient interoperability of silo business data and functions with third-party systems, which is a "card neck" technology that restricts the upstream and downstream of the big data value chain, has greatly improved the efficiency of information silos opening.
Which of the following statements is true of the above statement?
A.The black box idea breaks through the entire set of technologies and platforms that restrict big data, which is the efficient interoperability of information island business data and functions with third-party systems.
B.Mei Hong's team reveals computer reflection mechanism using efficient interoperability technology
C.Under the white box idea, there is basically no improvement in the efficiency of information island opening
D.The black box has advantages over the white box in its resource reflection mechanism and efficient interoperability technology.

b
At the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century, China was facing an era of unprecedented great changes.There were several outstanding historical figures active in that era of great changes.They condensed the memories of that era and became symbols of that era.Mr.Liang Qichao was one of them He is both a heroic fighter and a profound scholar: he is a tireless politician and an elder full of love.Unfortunately, history has not given him a long life.But this does not affect his formation of far beyond himself.The academic ideology of life.This academic ideology has not only faded over time, but has become even more brilliant.
What is the incorrect understanding of the above paragraph?
A.The background of the text is inked, the purpose is to set off the protagonist Mr.Liang Qichao
B.The text focuses on the identity of Mr.Liang Qichao as a fighter, scholar, politician, and elder
C.The text uses Mr.Liang Qichao's limited life to contrast his thoughts far beyond the life
D.Although the passage is written from multiple angles, Mr.Liang Qichao, in the final analysis, wants to reveal the value of Mr.Liang Qichao

d
Liu Jiang, director of the Index Research Office of the Development Research Center of the State Post Bureau, said that the volume of courier services from January to April was 17.07 billion, a year-on-year increase of 24.8%, which is more than three times the growth rate of the service industry production index during the same period.Leading position.What's even more gratifying is that the express industry not only grows "blocky", but also "muscle", and the quality of the industry development continues to improve.From January to April, the business income of national express service companies has accumulated 213.54 billion yuan, an increase of 22.8% over the same period The industry's average daily shipment volume reaches 160 million pieces, up to 180 million pieces, and the single-month express delivery volume is close to the order of 5 billion pieces.
Which of the following options are suitable for article titles?
A.Express industry, running out of acceleration
B.Rural express delivery is growing rapidly
C.Express delivery should complete the short board
D.Express delivery

a
A good book came out, but this way, the grand prize was won, and it was a big one.The reason was that the grand prize mobilized society's willingness, combined with the state, power, and financial resources, and broke into the ivory tower of literature grandly.Strive to intervene in the language art of the vulgar.In this way, various awards have been paid close attention to by the media and the public, and single-handed writers have no such ability.
What does this passage mean?
A.Grand prizes are better than prized literary works and writers
B.Grand prizes can mobilize various social resources
C.Winning works are more sensational
D.Secular power interferes with the art of language

c
The authoritarian personality of the overseas study elites will change after they are immersed in the western cultural environment, but as adults, it is difficult to change their personality characteristics.From an authoritarian personality to eventually forming a modern democratic personality It is a long process.From the perspective of the Chinese people as a whole, it takes several generations of evolution.Specific to an overseas study elite, we need to confirm what kind of political personality he was in and how much authority he has.Personality characteristics, how many factors of modern democratic political personality.A person who forms a democratic political personality will undoubtedly agree with and choose a democratic constitutional state-building plan.Even if he occasionally accepts authority politics, it is a necessary expedient, but basically belongs to authority.People with an individualistic personality will have two scenarios: some will choose democratic politics, but they will not be thorough and easy to shake; most will choose various authoritative political schemes.
In the following items, what is consistent with the above text?
A.The overseas study elite will quickly transform into a democratic political personality under the influence of Western culture
B.Democracy will never accept authoritative political programs
C.The study abroad elite mostly belongs to the authoritarian personality
D.Authoritarian personality will only choose a variety of authoritative political programs

b
According to the World Bank's definition, the Gini coefficient reflects the distribution of income and consumer spending among different households.Most countries in the world count the distribution of income and define income as disposable income after tax, but there are also some countries Statistics are on the distribution of consumer spending.In India, for example, due to the diminishing marginal propensity to consume, the Gini coefficient calculated using consumer expenditure will be significantly lower than the Gini coefficient calculated using income.For example, the Gini coefficient of India published by the World Bank in 2005 was 0.33.However, if measured by the income index, it will exceed 0.6; on the contrary, if China's Gini coefficient is calculated using the consumption expenditure method, China's Gini coefficient in 200 will only be 0.26.
The above mosquito is intended to illustrate?
A.Problems with Gini Coefficient Calculation in India
B.Differences in current Gini coefficient calculations affect comparability between countries
C.Reasonable use of after-tax income to calculate the Gini coefficient
D.China's Gini coefficient is overestimated

a
Promote the rational flow and optimization of the allocation of production factors, achieve the complementarity of regional advantages, improve the overall development quality and efficiency, cannot do without a sound market mechanism, implement the overall strategy for regional development, and promote the coordinated development of regional economies.At present, two aspects should be emphasized: on the one hand, it is necessary to correct the distortion of factor prices, use price levers to guide the reasonable flow of various living factors, optimize the allocation of factor resources, and improve economic benefits.Into.
What is the most appropriate summary of the central meaning of the above text?
A.To promote the coordinated development of the regional economy, it is necessary to improve the market mechanism and promote the rational flow of production factors.
B.The price mechanism is an effective means of adjusting resource allocation
C.A sound market mechanism is a sufficient condition for economic development
D.Promote the rational flow of survival factors and optimize resources

d
As a living individual, man is not only a natural person but also a social person.The whole society must vigorously promote life morality, carry out a life-loving propaganda campaign, and form a good fashion of cherishing life: we must mobilize all sectors of society to participate in life moral education : Social media such as the Internet, movies, television, newspapers and periodicals must strengthen positive guidance and reduce negative hints and misleadings to young people.The trinity of school, family, and society, work together to promote young people to appreciate the beauty of life, cherish the existence of life, and respect the right.
What is the central meaning of the above text?
A.It is urgent to carry out life moral education
B.Youth should cherish life
C.Strengthening moral education for youth
D.Life moral construction requires the joint efforts of families, schools, and society

c
The rapid development of China's economy first guarantees the material factors for the happiness of residents.The income of urban and rural residents has steadily increased, and the physical fitness and life span of residents have increased.In the market economy system, material resources are extremely rich, and people can give play to their initiative and come to Get the greatest material enjoyment.The total retail sales of consumer goods in urban and rural areas has steadily increased, indicating that the living standards of residents are improving.These are the ignorance guarantees for people to maintain happiness.However, the reality also tells us that many middle-class and even wealthy people with rich incomes It is also often easier to "depress" than the working class.Of course, this is not because "rich" makes people unhappy, but because "not bad money" makes a happy growth point of material richness disappear.
What does this text mean?
A.China's working class is happier than the middle and wealthy classes
B.Most billionaires are unhappy
C.Material wealth is the basic guarantee of happiness, but the happiness experience it can bring is not sustainable
D.The degree of happiness is directly proportional to the amount of wealth

d
Without the release of the distortion of the economic structure, the economic downturn has been stopped for a period of time, the economic situation has been stabilized, and market expectations have been established, and only investment pull can go this way.This is really helpless.However, in order to stabilize the economic growth figures of one or two percentage points and launch trillions of investment projects, such "handwriting has actually far exceeded the need for so-called" steady growth ".
According to the above text, what is the attitude of sitting on trillions of investment projects?
A.Appreciate
B.Irony
C.Neutrality
D.negative

b
Throughout the entire supply chain of assessed product components, Chinese companies are still at the low end of value-added, with thin profits, and can only earn low processing fees.The report of the Asian Development Bank shows that the export price of an IPHONE (3G) is approximately 179 USD, the assembly expenditure in China is about 6.5 USD, that is, the value added of an Iphone in China is only about 3.6% of its export price.Obviously, as the world's second largest economy and world factory, the development of China's manufacturing industry still lags behind, with low technology content and low profit margins.
What does this passage mean?
A.The value of Apple mobile phones in China is very small
B.China has not changed the low-end status of the world's foundries
C.Apple phone assembly is mainly processed in China
D.China plays an important role in Apple product component supply chain

c
China has a huge number of cultural relics lost overseas, and the situation is very complicated.If you don't know the situation, a person who spends a lot of money to buy is equivalent to acknowledging the legality of this part of the cultural logistics overseas, which is unreasonably unreasonable.No matter where it is in China or in any country in the world, whether it is in the hands of the country or in the hands of individuals, it is important to be able to display the public.It represents Chinese culture, which needs to be promoted and displayed.The protection of cultural relics is not an end in itself, the purpose is to use it and use it to promote our culture.
What does this text mean?
A.China's lost cultural relics are complicated
B.The purpose of cultural relics protection is to use cultural relics to promote culture
C.To return cultural relics, think calmly and engage rationally
D.China's loss of overseas heritage is unrecognized

a
With the deepening of reform and opening up, the prices of commodities and labor have rapidly become highly market-oriented.The price of land has become market-oriented with auctions, and even the price of stocks has become highly market-oriented.The interest on savings deposits is not market-oriented, and the monopoly interest system artificially reduces the public's property income, which provides companies with cheap funds, and also provides banks with generous interest and low-risk customers.It is the vast number of savers who have become victims of financial stability.
What does the above text mean?
A.The institutional monopoly of household savings deposit interest affects income and wealth distribution on a global scale
B.The current interest system for household savings deposits is monopolistic
C.Resident storage loan system plays an important role in maintaining financial stability
D.Monopoly interest system artificially suppresses public property income

b
There are three achievements in life: learning, work, and morality.In terms of work, the most successful person in history is Emperor Taixiang Gao.Liu Bang succeeded because of Xiang Yu's failure.If Xiang Yu is better than him, There is no way to succeed.Learning is a personal matter, and success is about others.Morality can become a great philosopher, not because Germany does not have a great philosopher.Hitler was able to run rampant, but it was caused by British pampering and French negligence.In history, some people deserve to be called heroes, but they failed when they met people who were better than him.Some people were very bad, but they met people who were more bad than him.They were successful.The so-called "there is no hero in the world, so To become famous ".
What is the main point of the above text?
A.The founding emperor of the Li Dynasty was a successful man
B.Achievements in achievements depend on destiny
C.Kant is more successful than Hitler
D.The achievement of learning depends mainly on personal effort

c
In 1970, a consumer magazine in London came up with a whim to test the value of a diamond's investment.It cost ꠴00 to buy two 1.5-carat diamonds at a jeweler.With two diamonds, most merchants refused to pay cash, and the highest offer they received was ꠵00.If you consider the inflation rate at the time, this offer is equivalent to ꠱67 in 1970.
What is the main point of the above text?
A.The value of diamonds is relatively stable
B.High inflation in the UK between 1970 and 1978
C.Diamonds do not preserve their value
D.Inflation is the most important factor affecting diamond value preservation

a
Sharing requires equality concepts and mechanisms, equality, caring for others, and even the spirit of "strangers".The daily communication and common connection between people need institutional guarantees.This system is based on morals, not market exchanges.Only on the basis of equality can caring community relationships be formed.When community residents build their own sharing system, communities in the sense of value can be realized.
What is the main meaning of the above text?
A.Equality is important for building a community's sharing system
B.Sharing requires equality concepts and mechanisms
C.The realization of community in the sense of value needs to be based on institutions
D.The construction of the sharing system is very important for the community in the sense of value

d
The recent "economic prosperity" of the Japanese economy is mainly due to policy stimuli such as reconstruction demand and the government's restart of environmental vehicle subsidies.It is not sustainable.With the gradual progress of reconstruction, the stimulus effect of reconstruction demand on the economy will continue to weaken, and environmental protection The car subsidy policy is also about to expire, and external demand will become a key factor in the sustainable growth of the Japanese economy in the second half of the year.At present, it seems that due to the continued fermentation of the European debt crisis, the sluggish economic growth in the United States, the economic growth of emerging countries has slowed down, and the yen has continued to rise Constrained by other factors, the Japanese economy may struggle in the future.
In the following items, what is inconsistent with the above statement?
A.Eco-car subsidies promote Japanese economic development
B.Weak US economic growth hinders Japan's economic development
C.Demand for future reconstruction may be difficult to stimulate the sustainable development of the Japanese economy
D.The sustainable growth of the Japanese economy in the future depends on many factors

b
On the aircraft carrier, the personnel at each station are wearing colorful clothing, which is very different from the dress requirements of the same color on traditional warships.The duties are different, and the colors of helmets, vests and long-sleeved shirts worn by staff members are also different.: Purple represents fuel replenishment; red represents danger and safety control; green represents take-off and landing and aircraft maintenance; blue represents transportation and air supply support; brown represents maintenance.The appearance looks as if seven colors of "rainbow" are seen on the deck.
The above text is most likely to come from?
A.An essay
B.Popular science books
C.Travels
D.Corporate Advertising

b
A paper book is a multi-page coexisting entity, an item with its complete material form, consisting of a cover, title page, catalog, preface, main body, postscript and other elements, which itself is a work of art occupying a certain space.This is the fundamental difference between paper books and e-books.In terms of transmitting information, there is no difference between e-books and paper books: but the two are virtual, one is physical, one is single-sided, and one is multiple pages.The coexistence of multiple pages of the book, although there are clumsy inconveniences, it has a unique advantage in terms of "tangible entities".Virtual forms such as e-books are of course light and fast, and they are stored in large quantities, but they cannot satisfy people's requirements for "tangible physical entities." Demand.
What does the above text mean?
A.Paper books are difficult to completely replace with e-books.
B.The physical nature of the multi-page coexistence of paper books is the fundamental difference between paper books and e-books.
C.E-books have unparalleled advantages over paper books.
D.Paper books have obvious disadvantages compared to e-books.

c
After the conquest of the Mediterranean world, the increase in wealth, the change in economic structure, and the influx of foreign thoughts made the Romans feel bewildered, and the pursuit of value showed a strange appearance.The vast majority of Romans abandoned traditional social virtues and pursued happiness.Philosophical philosophy, worship of money, covetous ease, indulgence in food and hue, the Roman nation gradually drifted away from traditional virtues in terms of life value.After the formation of the Roman Empire, the traditional virtues that the Romans were proud of disappeared, and the moral disintegration Caused the decline of the Roman Empire.
What is the main point of the above text?
A.After the Romans conquered the Mediterranean world, they began to abandon traditional social virtues.
B.Morality determines the rise and fall of a nation.
C.The moral decline led to the decline of the Roman Empire.
D.The Roman nation used to have traditional virtues.

a
As we all know, the Sahara desert is vast, extremely dry, hot and dry all year round, and there is very little precipitation.However, Sahara thousands of years ago was a verdant field dotted with lakes.Human society spread to the area.They reclaimed land for planting.Crops and animal husbandry have destroyed the Saharan ecosystem.Local farmers have deforested heavily in Sahara, cultivated grasslands, overgrazed and degraded the soil.Vegetation has gradually decreased, causing the temperature in the Sahara to gradually rise.As more farmers enter the Sahara In the region, more land is being reclaimed, which further leads to higher temperatures.Gradually, precipitation decreases and the high temperature and lack of water make the vegetation slowly disappear.In the end, there is almost no rainfall in the Sahara, and a large number of plants die, leaving only A few heats- and drought-resistant desert plants.
The most accurate summary of the main points of this text is:
A.Human activity leads to desertification in the Sahara
B.High temperatures and low precipitation are the main reasons for the formation of the Sahara Desert
C.Reduced vegetation in the Sahara desert is caused by heavy logging by farmers
D.Excessive deforestation and overgrazing by humans may turn the oasis into a desert

c
If we can live with and enjoy every person we think stupid, and everyone who thinks we are stupid, maybe world peace is just around the corner.Psychology believes that the lower the self-worth, the more habitual it is to seek out and rely on Self-confirmation of relationships with others.In this process, the "stupidity" of others will become a frame of reference that is popular and fragile, and the "no stupidity" will become an attack that hides powerlessness.Therefore, we need to organize ourselves Goals, status quo and feelings, determine our value, rather than set off our own wisdom through the stupidity of others, and confirm our strength with the exclusion and suppression of others.
The most accurate summary of the core point of this text is:
A.We must learn to live peacefully with "stupid"
B.Why do we attack "stupid" people
C.We need to practice to change the way we coexist with others
D.People who use the exclusion and suppression of others to confirm their strength are often those who lack self-worth.

a
When someone is a guest in the house, their child sits on a stool and watches the cartoon while messing with it.As a result, he accidentally falls off the stool and cries.At this time, many parents will feel angry and blame the child: "It's not honest to watch a cartoon, but I fell and cry on my face?" From a psychological perspective, such criticism is likely to be just that the parents are venting their inner anger, which has little or no educational significance to the child.: The child who fell is in a sad state and cannot understand the "deep meaning" behind his parents 'criticism.He can only hear his parents' scolding and may cry even more.At this time, if other children next to him see this scene, also It can only be concluded that you can't cry when you fall down, or you will be scolded by adults.In fact, the attitude and manner of parents towards their children are related to their mental health, and public criticism of children will affect the formation and development of children's self-esteem.Blindly scolding and scolding will not only make children feel "lost" in front of outsiders, but also cause them to form negative thinking that "the occurrence of a bad thing is their own right."
The most accurate summary of the core point of this text is:
A."Teachers before the church" may be counterproductive
B.Criticizing children in public will hurt their self-esteem
C.When parents educate their children, if they are angry, the education is not significant
D.When there are guests at home, it is better not to scold the child

c
Scientists have found that the immune regulation of mesenchymal stem cells has such plasticity that it is like a mediator of the inflammatory environment: when the inflammatory response strengthens, the mesenchymal stem cells will suppress the immune response; when the inflammatory response weakens, On the contrary, mesenchymal stem cells may promote an immune response.This characteristic needs to be paid great attention to the process of treating diseases.For example, scientists have found that mesenchymal stem cells entering the human body can significantly alleviate the condition of patients with liver cirrhosis and inflammation in the liver.The response was significantly reduced, and liver function indicators such as bilirubin and albumin were significantly improved.However, dexamethasone will largely offset the therapeutic effect of mesenchymal stem cells on liver cirrhosis.The reason is that when patients receive dexamethasone and In the combined treatment of mesenchymal stem cells, the inflammation in the lesion site of patients with liver cirrhosis will be reduced, leading to the weakening of the immunosuppressive effect of mesenchymal stem cells, the therapeutic effect of mesenchymal stem cells completely disappeared, and even the disease will be aggravated.
According to this text, the following is true:
A.Mesenchymal stem cells are better than dexamethasone in treating liver cirrhosis
B.Mesenchymal stem cells counteract inflammatory inhibitory effects of dexamethasone
C.The combined use of mesenchymal stem cells and certain drugs may destroy its therapeutic effect on inflammatory diseases
D.Scientists can shape the immune regulatory function of mesenchymal stem cells based on the characteristics of the inflammatory environment

a
Due to the history and culture and the understanding of the nature of the disease, the public often rejects depression.Patients are afraid that people around them discriminate against themselves after they know the condition, and some patients take drugs secretly or even interrupt treatment without permission.In fact, depression is like high blood pressure, etc.Physical diseases are just as common.A large part of the cause of these diseases comes from the dysfunction of neurotransmitters in the brain, and external (mainly psychological stress) effects are often predisposing factors.However, depression is not entirely caused by stress, but it may also be caused by changes in the activity of certain nervous systems in the brain.Experts say that taking antidepressants can help the body increase the concentration or activity of these substances.At the same time, patients with depression also need support from their families and society, and their families are responsible for monitoring and helping them.overcome obstacles.
According to this text, which of the following is incorrect:
A.At present, many depression patients in China are not adequately treated
B.In China, public discrimination against patients with depression has many negative impacts on the timely diagnosis and treatment of patients with depression
C.Depression is a common physical illness, and psychological stress is the main cause
D.A two-pronged approach to drug treatment and psychological adjustment will make the treatment of depression better

a
In recent years, with the influx of capital, the value of online comic content and platforms has risen, as if from the original cheap virgin land, has become a high-end community full of luxury villas.According to reports, as of the end of 2016, major Chinese websites There are about 150,000 comic works, more than 90,000 authors of online comics, 200 million clicks on comics, and 70 million users.However, it should be seen that the content creation level of online comics does not match the increase in market value., User stickiness and consumption conversion rates are not as high as imagined.In other words, these luxury villas held by capital are likely to become "ghost houses".When things are traded at a price far higher than their value, A bubble was created.
What this text wants to express is:
A.The value of domestic online comics is currently overvalued
B.A lot of money poured into the online comic market
C.The current level of content creation in China's online comics does not match the market
D.The user stickiness and consumption conversion rate of domestic online comics can increase rapidly in the short term

c
The micro shape of lithium metal undergoes drastic changes during the charge and discharge process, which causes the precipitation of lithium dendrites of lithium metal.Lithium dendrites not only reduce the capacity of the battery, but may also cause short circuits within the battery, causing fire and explosion safety accidents.If a layer of plasticine with a thickness of only about 1 micron is coated on the surface of lithium metal, the lithium metal electrode can be protected almost perfectly.During the normal charge and discharge process, lithium metal is evenly deposited on the surface of the electrode, which acts on the plasticine.Very small.Soft plasticine can well adapt to the shape and volume change of lithium metal, and firmly adhere to the surface of lithium to play the role of a protective coating.Once lithium dendrites "stab out in some areas" ", The plasticine coating will harden rapidly, effectively blocking the growth of lithium dendrites.
This text mainly introduces:
A.History of lithium battery development
B.Influencing factors of lithium battery capacity
C.Mechanism of plasticine coating to improve lithium battery performance
D.Harm and inhibition methods of lithium dendrites

b
In the telecommunications network, each user must have a set of dynamic data, which is used to mark user attributes, tariffs, etc.This set of data exists on the local server.When the user is talking in a different place, the local network must be adjusted from the user's source.This set of data can be used to provide services.The network element equipment required for this retrieval process is the basic cost of roaming fees.All the construction costs of the telecommunications network must be recovered from the tariffs.Roaming due to uneven economic development in the region If the fee is canceled, all costs can only be spread to the entire network, that is, every user in the country, that is, users who do not roam need to subsidize a portion of the cost for roaming users.As a result, everyone finds that the original cheap local dialect is even more It's expensive, and the more economically underdeveloped areas, the greater the increase.
This text is intended to convey:
A.Cancellation of roaming charges will lead to a general increase in the cost of calls, and the economic development in different regions will vary.
B.Cancel roaming charges, you need to think twice
C.Principles of roaming charges in telecommunications
D.After roaming charges are cancelled, call costs in less developed areas will increase

a
WeChat provides a vibrant public life and makes it difficult for public discussion rules to form a consensus.The speed at which social tools are being renovated far exceeds the speed at which public discussion rules can take shape.The thrill of "rules of reality" makes people unwilling to be subject to any framework, so that in recent years, what rules to follow to debate has become a common issue in public debate.As an expert said, "shared media can promote independence from The development of the country's social power ", but this kind of power will obviously take a long time to undergo multiple multiple collisions and repeated wrestling.WeChat not only promotes the freedom of individual speech and the equality of the right to speak, but also makes this standing and tearing.It becomes more frequent and cheaper.
The text mainly says:
A.The evolution of social tools has brought huge impact and challenges to public discussion rules
B.It is very difficult to form new public discussion rules in the common media
C.WeChat has a huge effect on getting rid of "rules of reality"
D.There is still a long way to go for shared media to form an independent force

c
The reason why piezoelectric ceramics can generate electricity is that each tiny grain of this ceramic has spontaneous polarization that can be permanently stored.Under the action of a strong external electric field, it will be aligned in the direction of the electric field, making the entire crystal polar.They can induce electrical phenomena externally due to changes in stress or temperature.The greater the applied stress, the higher the frequency of change, and the greater the power generation.High energy conversion efficiency can be obtained at the resonance frequency.Piezoelectricity with high voltage and a small current is required For the power supply, block piezoelectric ceramics can be used; for piezoelectric power supplies with low voltage and large current, thin-film piezoelectric ceramics can be used for integration.At present, the literature reports that there are various products for various types of charging power supplies.It is characterized by its small size and lightweight, which can be carried with it, especially in high mountainous areas or deserts without a power source.It can use a variety of mechanical power and stored power to generate electricity, which is not affected by magnetic fields or nuclear radiation.Aging.
The following options are inconsistent with the passage:
A.When external stress or temperature changes, piezoelectric ceramics may produce electrical phenomena
B.Different piezoelectric ceramics have different shapes and currents and voltages.
C.The piezoelectric ceramic power supply can use mechanical force to generate electricity without interference from the external electric field
D.Piezoelectric ceramic power supplies have great application prospects in harsh environments

c
China's urbanization process has progressed to the current stage, and it has changed from the helpless choices of the previous generation who were difficult and indifferent to a natural idea."Working" can no longer enter the post-90s language family and work in a favorite city.It is as natural as "finding a company job for college students".Regardless of their hukou and housing, these people are already real urban people.They can no longer go back to the village or small county where they were born.In the rapidly changing China, It is the evolution of these concepts that are truly profound.
What does this text mean?
A.Post-90s urbanization is an unconscious process
B.Hukou and housing are no longer necessary for urbanization
C.The evolution of ideas is a sign of the new stage of urbanization
D.The term "part-time job" will gradually withdraw from the stage of history as urbanization progresses

b
When the era of digital intelligence comes, there will be companies that are more "cloud" than the current Jack Ma.At that time, the company will adhere to its economic attributes and highlight its social attributes, showing the prominent social organization.Features.Because of the Internet, digitization, cloud computing, mobile terminals and other technologies.On the one hand, it empowers businesses and makes them strong; on the other hand, it empowers consumers and allows consumers to unite.If the company does not highlight social attributes, Serving consumers wholeheartedly, he cannot continue to be "economical".For example, if consumers find that the car they bought has "natural" defects, the manufacturing company will recall similar cars.Otherwise, consumers may no longer buy it.Any car.
What does this text mean?
A.The era of digital intelligence will change the basic attributes of the company
B.Social attributes are a trait that a company must highlight in the future
C."Serve the consumer wholeheartedly" is the core of the company's social attributes
D.Intelligence and the earth have increased the possibility of unity among consumers

b
From the perspective of relatives, people hope that the waiters will not die of real starvation and that they will live forever.This is a normal emotion, but from an objective perspective, the life of each death has been lost at least physically.The characteristics of life, and the entire flesh will inevitably disappear.From the spiritual level, the continuation of life is separated from the biological concept.How long a person's life exists at the spiritual level depends on how many things this life brings to the world.The modern concept of life puts forward the concept of the flesh, which will have its own organs for the continuation of life, and it's own
What is the best way to survive the world?
A.Death at the spiritual level is different from death at the physical level
B.Organ donation is a way to extend the life of the world
C.View of life should go beyond the physical level and advocate tracheal donation
D.People do nt want their loved ones to die and donate their organs

b
In recent years, the application of "culture + science and technology" has made the cultural relics in museums and far away from the motherland "live".In the past year, cultural and technological innovations have continued to undergo "chemical reactions" from Maimei Design To the protection of cultural relics, from online live broadcast to the digitalization of museums.From online live broadcast to digital exhibitions in museums, all walks of life in the cultural field have put on the wings of science and technology, and the driving force of science and technology for cultural development has become stronger.
What is the "chemical reaction" in this text?
A.Cultural and technological undertakings are integrated and mutually reinforcing
B.Little-known cultural relics live through technology
C.Scientific and technological innovation supports cultural innovation, cultural long letter ignites scientific and technological innovation
D.Cultural all-storage industry helps science and technology flourish and flourish

a
Blockchain technology runs in a completely P2P network, it is not owned by anyone, and no one knows where it is running, so it has excellent confidentiality and security.An encrypted communication cipher that does not require a centralized network It is a technology weapon in the intelligent era that urgently needs to be restarted.Some people may suspect that the significance of the blockchain is exaggerated, such as it may not be applied in the field of superstructures, but its use in law and even cultural entertainment has been on the agenda: for example, Notaries are used to confirm and verify signatures on legal documents such as contracts and contracts.Using blockchain technology, these documents can be stored digitally and become part of the digital ledger.Some companies also want to apply blockchain technology to legal documents."Timestamps and fingerprints of media files", thereby eliminating the current need for notary rubber stamps.
What does this text mean?
A.Blockchain technology has broad application prospects in the intelligent era
B.The current blockchain technology is not yet mature
C.The advantage of blockchain technology is its excellent confidentiality and security
D.People's doubts about the blockchain in real life are not justified

c
Once artificial intelligence becomes reality, it will bring two opposite catalogues: one is optimistic.For example, artificial intelligence can release humans from heavy physical or mental labor and become a freely developing person without work.The other is pessimistic.Humans who have been deprived of the right to work will become worthless and become truly "nothing." Whether it is pessimistic or optimistic, the key lies in whether artificial intelligence can bring about a real social revolution.In order to make most people or organizations representing most people become the mainstay of using artificial intelligence, instead of being monopolized by a few large enterprises, in this sense, artificial intelligence may bring a greater social crisis, but the crisis also Means the possibility of rebirth.
What does this text mean?
A.Artificial intelligence is a crisis for both manual and mental workers
B.Artificial intelligence will profoundly change the social catalogue and be accepted
C.Artificial intelligence can bring hope to the whole human society
D.Artificial intelligence will exacerbate the monopoly of related industries by large enterprises

d
Recently, Cambridge Analytica has been accused of unauthorized access to information of up to 50 million users on U.S.social media Facebook, and Facebook has been caught in a scandal because it has not prevented some people from intentionally "misusing" data.For "new oil", its value is huge, but data transactions are often intangible and hardly regulated.As one of the few organizations supporting high-tech companies, Zhimeng will launch a strict New data regulations, Brexit Britain will also comply with these regulations, our information is valuable, but many politicians in Western countries have failed to protect it.
What does this text mean?
A.Personal privacy data is an important resource in the future
B.The intangible nature of data transactions increases the difficulty of data security supervision
C.EU leads the way in data security regulation
D.Leakage and abuse of user data need urgent supervision

a
The media is an important channel for the public to obtain scientific and technological information.Especially in the new media era, scientific information is presented to the public in various forms.For example, in the United States, 26% of social media users say that they will track science-related pages, 33% Of social media users think that social media is an important way for them to get scientific information, and 44% of social media users think they will check scientific news on social media that is not seen elsewhere.
What does the author want to express through this text?
A.Social media has become the main channel for public access to scientific and technological information
B.The development of the Internet has promoted the popularization of scientific and technological information
C.Social media has become a major source of uncommon science news
D.Discrimination and supervision of scientific and technological information on social media

a
In the next few years, a new type of battery technology can be a smart phone, and the battery capacity of a car for a smart watch will increase by 30% or more, thanks to the efforts of startups such as silaTechnologies.This new lithium-ion battery will surpass the technology In current lithium-ion batteries, the anode of new lithium-silicon batteries is mainly made of silicon.Compared to battery anodes currently made of graphite, silicon anodes can store more electricity.In practical applications, silicon anodes are often more fragile, or With a shorter life, silaTechnologies has developed a prototype product that addresses this issue.
That is to say through the above paragraph?
A.New lithium-silicon battery will greatly increase the capacity of batteries such as smartphones
B.New shipbuilding companies can always take the lead in technological innovation in some areas
C.The combination of silicon and graphene nanoparticles overcomes the bottleneck of traditional battery technology
D.The application of new battery technology will definitely reduce the cost of electronic products such as smartphones

c
The world we live in is full of hope and challenge.The Chinese people have always been full of justice and compassion.They have always closely linked their future and destiny with the future and destiny of peoples of all countries, always paying close attention and selfless help.The people of the hungry, impoverished countries are always willing to do their best to contribute to human peace and development.The Chinese people's aspiration is sincere.China will never develop itself at the expense of other countries' interests.China's development is not right.Any country poses a threat, China will never seek hegemony and never engage in expansion.Only those who are accustomed to threatening others will be regarded as a threat.Sincere desire and practical actions for the Chinese people to contribute to human peace and development, No one should misunderstand, let alone misinterpret, there is justice in the world!
What is the purpose of this passage?
A.Chinese people have a sense of justice and compassion over the years
B.The Chinese people do their best to contribute to human peace and development
C.The sincere wishes and practical actions of the Chinese people must not be misunderstood and misinterpreted
D.China will not develop itself at the expense of other countries' interests

b
Developed countries have their own "trilogy" on the economic strategies of developing countries: the first is to export products, the second is to export capital, and the third is to export brands.The export brand is to further stimulate them in the Chinese market.At the same time, it overwhelms the Chinese brand and plays the role of "conquering people's hearts." If the majority of consumers recognize foreign brands more, the national industry will inevitably encounter insurmountable difficulties.
This passage supports such a view
A.Developed countries always have economic aggression against developing countries
B.The "brand" export of developed countries poses the greatest threat to our national industry
C.The quality of foreign products is better than domestic products
D."Brand" is more important than product quality

d
The popular germicidal soap is not suitable for winter use, it will destroy the protective fat film on the skin surface to keep the skin moisturized.When the weather is cold, the air humidity is greatly reduced, and the water is more likely to lose.
The point of this passage is
A.Germicidal soap will damage the skin surface
B.Water is easy to lose in cold weather
C.Germicidal soap is popular
D.germicidal soap is not suitable for winter use

c
Anti-counterfeit academician He Yan said: "Dolly is dead, but there are still many cloned cows and sheep that have not died.Why do you doubt cloning technology?-There are still dying children in sexual reproduction!"
This passage means
A.Academician He Yan is an anti-counterfeit fighter
B.clone sheep Dolly is dead
C.Academician He Yan is confident in cloning technology
D.Bisexual children have died

a
In order to increase market share, long-term rental apartment companies have seized property listings with the help of capital, which has helped boost rents.In addition, "capital apartments" also bring financial risks.In order to obtain capital leverage, some long-rent apartment companies Compete for listings, guide and even deceive tenants to install installment loans.This type of financial products not only does not have stable property guarantees, but the leverage ratio is also very high, and there are greater risks.Under the entanglement of capital, once long-term apartment companies are formed in the rental market Monopoly status, rent increases will be more difficult to restrain.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.The problems of long-term rental companies will affect the healthy development of the housing rental market
B.China's current housing leasing market is still very irregular
C.Relevant departments need to introduce policies to restrict rents rising too fast
D.Long-term rental market with the disorderly competition will bring financial risks

d
In some places, the beautiful aurora is often seen at night, and this strange and mysterious aurora has always attracted us.The aurora is generated by high-energy particles (electrons and protons) from outside the atmosphere hitting atoms in the upper atmosphere.It is now known that as part of the solar wind, charged particles are captured by the Earth's magnetic field when they reach near the earth.They collide with the atoms of oxygen and nitrogen, killing the electrons and turning them into exciting ions.These ions emit radiation of different wavelengths.Aurora is produced in red, green or blue.The formation of aurora is closely related to solar activity.Every year when the sun is active, you can see a more spectacular aurora scene.When night comes, red, blue, and green The light filled the night sky and the scene was extremely spectacular.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.Aurora is still not visible in most areas
B.Aurora formation is related to solar activity
C.The aurora scene is extremely spectacular
D.How Aurora is formed

c
What is a classic? Or an enduring masterpiece or a screened out of the "most valuable book", or an unforgettable passage, it can also be a character, a play, a photo Because everyone has different views, different backgrounds, different environments, and different cultural levels, there will be some doubts about the classics, but these doubts will not obliterate the meaning and value of the classics.
The most appropriate understanding of this passage is:
A.Classics are diverse
B.Some questions about the classics happen
C.People's Correct Understanding and Understanding of the Classics
D.Classics are the most valuable

a
During the meeting of the People's Congress, a deputy to the National People's Congress told Prime Minister Li Keqiang in a group discussion, "As a people's representative, I want to talk to Premier Li about the plight of medical security.But what I said is for your reference only, not for you." Premier Li Keqiang immediately praised: "You are the people's representative, and you have the right to ask me to work for the well-being of the people."
The correct understanding of Premier Li Keqiang is:
A.The people's congress deputies are the direct exercises of state power, and government work must be supervised by the people's congress.
B.Deputies to the National People's Congress are representatives of all citizens, and citizens are equal before the law
C.Deputies to the National People's Congress are the direct representatives of all citizens, and they have the power to decide and appoint and remove
D.Government work must be supervised by the People's Congress, and people's congress representatives do not have to accept government supervision

c
Everyone knows that the Chinese nation is a wise nation.Chinese children have high IQs and are often outstanding in various knowledge tests.However, Chinese children have weak thinking and creativity.Mr.Tao Xingzhi, a famous pioneer in creative education It has been pointed out: "Everywhere is the place of creation, every day is the time of creation, everyone is the person who created it." Cultivating children's creativity from an early age is extremely important for children's future development.
The main meaning expressed in this passage is:
A.China's education on children's IQ is very successful and the effect is obvious
B.Tao Xingzhi, the pioneer of creative education, on creativity
C.China should attach importance to children's education and training in thinking and creativity
D.China attaches great importance to the development of children's intelligence, and the test results are outstanding

a
The personal income tax reform is part of the fiscal and taxation system reform.From October 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018, after the taxpayer subtracts 5,000 yuan from the monthly salary, salary scale and other income, the remaining income is then proportional.Calculate the tax amount.However, since China s personal income tax only accounts for about 7% of the total tax, it is not easy to achieve a reasonable wealth adjustment goal through personal income tax reform.From this perspective, the increase in the starting point of personal income tax is only perfect.The first step in the income distribution system.
The text is intended to explain:
A.There is a long way to go to improve the income distribution system
B.Personal income tax reform is the key to fiscal and taxation system reform
C.Achieving sound wealth regulation goals is not easy
D.Personal income tax needs to be further raised

a
Participate in the international division of labor, participate in the import and export of capital and technology, get rid of closed self-adjustment, and realize the adjustment of the industrial structure in the transformation of the international industrial structure.This is inseparable from the development trend of world economic integration.The exchange of labor services, through the use of foreign capital and the introduction of technology, can play a complementary role in China's industrial structure, realize the technological transformation of original enterprises, and improve labor productivity.At the same time, it can fill some blank industries in the country and promote the adjustment and upgrade of the industrial structure.Here, the key is how to aim at the trends of the international industrial structure, focus on the focus of changes in the international industrial structure, and smoothly realize the adjustment of the industrial structure.
This passage mainly supports the argument that:
A.To realize the adjustment of China's industrial structure, we must keep up with the development and changes of the international industrial structure.
B.Realizing the adjustment of China's industrial structure in the transformation of the international industrial structure by participating in the international division of labor
C.Promote the adjustment and upgrade of the industrial structure through the exchange of goods and services
D.The development trend of world economic integration prompts the adjustment of China's industrial structure

d
The so-called information processing viewpoint is to compare the human brain with a computer, and treat the human brain as an information processing system similar to a computer.However, this analogy is only functional, that is, an analogy at the behavior level, regardless of its substance.The difference between biological cells and electronic components.In other words, the analogy involves only software and not hardware.
"Hardware" in this passage refers to:
A.Functional properties
B.Behavior level
C.Material composition
D.Biological cells and electronic components

b
Although the building originated from practical life requirements such as cold protection, heat relief, shading, and safety, in the history of architecture, humans have paid far less for cooperative work to solve practical problems than for non-practical ones.Palaces, temples, altars , Mausoleums, churches, monuments, gardens, etc., all these buildings that serve spiritual life, their achievements far exceed those of houses, workshops, forts, etc.that serve material life.The evolution of architectural forms, architectural styles, often It is the most sensitive witness of the material and spiritual life of a generation of society.In the West, people vividly call architecture a "history written in stone."
People vividly call architecture "history written in stone" for the following reasons:
A.Architecture condenses the tremendous labor of human material production, which is the direct result of human beings' conscious transformation of the objective world
B.Architecture is a witness to the material and spiritual life of a generation of society
C.Architecture is an important aesthetic object, and specific attention to it will get more aesthetic feelings
D.Architecture serves spiritual life as well as material life, both of which include historical aesthetic factors

b
The outer cell wall defect is medically referred to as a wall-deficient or L-type bacterium.Take penicillin for treating Staphylococcus aureus as an example.When the dose is sufficient and the action time is sufficient, Staphylococcus is severely blocked due to its cell wall synthesis and eventually cannot reproduce and die If the antibiotic dose is insufficient or the treatment course is too short, there may be some endurance in Staphylococcus, which is preserved in the form of cell wall defects.This type of cell is called Staphylococcus aureus L.These "incomplete body" pathogens can still reproduce.And sooner or later, it will repair the original bacteria.
The meaning of "body without skin" in the text is understood correctly:
A.Damaged germ epidermis
B.Damaged cell wall
C.Germs lose epidermis
D.Germs lose their cell walls

a
Rural planning and construction should highlight rural characteristics, regional characteristics and national characteristics, respect the traditional customs and local customs of localities, and can not eliminate typical regional characteristics, change the distinctive national characteristics, and make outstanding cultural traditions.lost.
The most appropriate summary of this sentence is:
A.Village planning and construction should highlight features
B.Rural planning and construction should be typical
C.Rural planning and construction should retain excellent traditions
D.Rural planning and construction must be in line with national conditions

d
Under the current compulsory education investment system, county-level finances can barely afford teachers 'salaries, and central and provincial finances can subsidize some teachers' salaries and school construction funds, but all remaining gaps are left to schools to resolve.Some rural primary and secondary school principals Reflection: Compulsory education has now become an "obligation of schools".
The meaning of compulsory education is now the obligation of schools:
A.Schools undertake compulsory education
B.Compulsory education is the responsibility of schools
C.The obligation of the school is to be responsible for compulsory education
D.Schools only fulfill their obligations and lack external investment

a
They believed that they should not be entangled in the old accounts between China and Japan, and that they should look at the huge benefits of Sino-Japanese friendship.Some of their "outstanding" representatives also proposed a new theory of Sino-Japanese relations based on the model of the European Economic Community.If the "Great East Asian Co-Prosperity Circle" designed by the Japanese was established as early as the 20th century, it would bring huge benefits to the Asian people.
It can be inferred that the author's attitude is:
A.No
B.definitely
C.Not available
D.Yes, yes, no

d
Under the influence of their excessive rationality, some Chinese who were blinded by their excessive rationality began to ignore the history of the Chinese Anti-Japanese War and questioned the patriotic youth of the "Chinese angry youth" such as, "Why are you anti-Japanese?" Mentally handicapped.
The patriotic youth of the "Chinese angry youth" are in the author's mind:
A.Angry young patriotic youth
B.Seemingly angry patriotic youth
C.Ordinary patriotic youth
D.Emotional Patriotic Youth

c
Regarding citizen satisfaction and dissatisfaction, happiness and unhappiness as the ultimate criteria for testing government work, which means that "people-oriented" is truly becoming the core governance idea of the government.
In line with the meaning of the sentence:
A.Citizen satisfaction and happiness contribute to the formation of the core governing philosophy of the government
B.Citizen satisfaction and happiness are the touchstones to test the government's core governing philosophy
C."People-oriented" should be the core idea of government
D."People-oriented" is already the core idea of government

b
The virtual economy is an economic activity in which humans participate in speculative trading and simply expect the price of a commodity (material or article) to rise without involving any material transformation.Strictly speaking, all virtual economic activities are due to transaction costs or information costs or information asymmetry From the perspective of reducing transaction costs, or information costs, or reducing asymmetric information, virtual economic activities greatly promote their real activities and participate in value manufacturing.
The fundamental differences between the "virtual economy" and the "real economy" described in this paragraph are:
A.Virtual
B.Does not involve the material transformation
C.Simply expecting commodity prices to rise for profit
D.Not involved in value manufacturing

a
Only by diluting the indicators of economic growth, strengthening public services, and highlighting the indicators of government responsibility can we truly realize the transformation of government functions.
What does not meet the meaning of the sentence is:
A.Economic growth indicators cannot be emphasized in order to truly transform government functions
B.Real transformation of government functions requires strengthening public services
C.To truly realize the transformation of government functions, it is necessary to highlight government responsibility indicators
D.Highlight government accountability indicators

a
The news that the Sotheby's auction house in Hong Kong and Christie's auction house were going to auction the precious cultural relics of the Old Summer Palace that were plundered by the British and French forces in 1860 immediately caught the attention of the Chinese people.Hong Kong people also protested against the auction of national treasures, but the two auction houses The auction was held as scheduled.Seeing that the national treasures would be bad luck, Poly Group resolutely went to Hong Kong to attack, buying the two national treasures of the Yuanmingyuan Cultural Heritage Bronze Monkey Head and Bronze Bull Head that were auctioned on the same day at a price of 8.185 million Hong Kong dollars and 7.745 million Hong Kong dollars.The mysterious figure in the Poly Group bidding has been reporting by phone and has never dared to show up.It is reported that the two national treasures purchased from Hong Kong this time will not be displayed in the Poly Museum.
According to the one-sentence news prepared by the above news, the appropriate sentence is:
A.Poly Group went to Hong Kong to attack and recaptured the bronze monkey head and bronze bullhead of the Yuanmingyuan Cultural Heritage for HK $ 15.93 million
B.The auction of the precious cultural relics of the Yuanmingyuan by two Hong Kong auction houses attracted the attention of the Chinese people.
C.Poly Group bids with mysterious figures to regain national treasure
D.Poly Group regains national treasure, bronze monkey heads and bronze bull heads will be exhibited in the museum soon

a
If any clause in this contract or any document signed in connection with this contract is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law in the future, this contract or a document signed in connection with this contract The validity, legality, and enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired in any way and shall remain in full force and effect.
Is this contract subject to relevant laws:
A.Yes
B.No
C.Judge according to specific circumstances
D.Some provisions are restricted

d
People's likes and dislikes must be considered, but their legal concepts also need to be guided by strict law enforcement.In this guidance, the role and responsibilities of law enforcement agencies are unquestionable.Without screening whether the people's claims are legitimate, they can be catered for rationally and blindly.Only let the French blind orgy.
In line with the meaning of this sentence:
A.People's likes and dislikes are often reasonable and illegal
B.People's legal concepts are weak
C.People want law enforcement to cater to the parties
D.People's legal concepts need guidance

a
Sincerity is always like a mirror.When you face the public in good faith, the public will definitely read your sincerity.Even if you have mistakes and mistakes you haven't found, it may be an intellectual problem, or an existing behavior model and intellectual structure The inevitable, the public will forgive.
The gist of this sentence is:
A.Regardless of right or wrong, you should face the public in good faith
B.The public can understand your sincerity
C.Facing the public in good faith, the public will forgive you for your mistakes
D.Sincerity is a mirror

b
Never pretend that a child can be replaced by something else, just as never pretending that something you didn't get is not worthwhile or missing.
The value of something you didn't get is not worth getting:
A.I don't know
B.worth it
C.Pretend not worth it
D.Pretend to be worth it

a
Everyone here today is writing history for the Chinese nation.Let us stand together at the commanding heights of history and take a macro view of our willingness to cooperate across the Taiwan Straits.
"Will" in a sentence means:
A.Aspirations and prospects
B.Wish and vision
C.Wish and mind
D.Aspirations and scenery

c
The principle of the so-called "artificial sun" is to add a small amount of hydrogen isotope deuterium or tritium into the vacuum chamber of this device, and use a Transformer-like principle to make it generate a plasma, then increase its density and temperature to cause a fusion reaction.The process generates huge amounts of energy.
The "artificial sun" is:
A.Substances composed of hydrogen isotope deuterium or tritium
B.A vacuum chamber
C.One device
D.Substances that produce huge energy during the reaction

c
The Yellow River stopped flowing for the first time in Lijin County, Shandong Province in 1972.By 1996, the Yellow River had stopped running for 57 times for a total of 682 days.Since this year, it has stopped running 10 times! The usual stoppage was hiding in May and June, but this year started on February 7th, the first stoppage was 15 days; in 1995, it was 122 days, and in 1996 it was 136 days.In 1994, the reach reaches The Chenqiao near Kaifeng, Henan, is 683 kilometers long, accounting for 87% of the total length of the lower reaches, and the flow of sediment has become increasingly serious in the downstream.The riverbed below 780 kilometers in Zhengzhou City has increased by 10 cm each year.Desertification, salinization is becoming increasingly serious, and the ecological environment is damaged, causing losses of about 26.8 billion yuan for industry and agriculture.
The main meaning of this passage is to say:
A.Since the beginning of 1972, the eastern section of the Yellow River has ceased to flow, and it has become increasingly serious in the future, with large economic losses.
B.Since 1994, the dry section of the Yellow River has accounted for 87% of the total length of the lower reaches, causing serious economic losses.
C.Since 1972, the Yellow River has become increasingly severe and has caused tens of billions of yuan in losses.
D.Since 1972, the Yellow River has been severely cut off, which has seriously affected the development of industry and agriculture.

d
Chinese Internet users have experienced explosive growth, and traffic metering can immediately solve the problem of a severe shortage of network broadband.However, in the long run, the free or low-cost Internet operation business model established by Chinese telecom operators on network platforms is in urgent need of a breakthrough.
The author's point of view to solve the problem of insufficient Internet broadband with fees is:
A.Immediate, once and for all
B.Yes, but the fee model should be gradually improved
C.Effective in the short term, but not in the long run
D.Yes, but it is necessary to accelerate the reform of the charging model

d
Separating individual marriage from patriarchal families and incorporating it into the construction process of modern nation-states has always been an important goal of modern marriage.Love, as the cornerstone of modern marriage, has also been involved in the struggle for marriage by various rights and different traditions.
The factors involved in the modern marriage struggle in this sentence do not include:
A.Love
B.Rights
C.Tradition
D.Law

a
Chinese traditional education allows corporal punishment, or China has a "tradition" of corporal punishment, the folk saying "good people under the whip" spread the saying.This is a phenomenon of authoritarian social education, which still affects endlessly.In human rights democratic societies, the causes of corporal punishment are repeated.Teachers are not allowed to punish students? This is not a topic to be debated until now.
The philosophical point is:
A.The "tradition" of corporal punishment in China
B.Outstanding students under the whip
C.Whether teachers are allowed to physically punish students is a controversial topic
D.Chinese education allows corporal punishment

d
The main component of biogas is methane, in addition to hydrogen, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, etc.It is a cheap energy source for cooking and lighting, which is clean and convenient; it can also replace gasoline and diesel and is an ideal gas fuel.
Which of the following statements about biogas is incorrect?
A.Biogas can be used for cooking
B.Biogas can replace gasoline and diesel
C.Biogas is an ideal gas fuel
D.The main components of biogas are carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide

c
There are many reasons for skin aging, some of which are related to personal fitness, and some are caused by external factors.Irregular eating habits can lead to obesity or underweight, and it is more likely to cause the two situations to alternate.In addition, various combinations of the body's components, Uneven distribution of carbohydrates, oils, proteins, vitamins and essential trace elements in the body can also cause skin aging.
What does this text want to express?
A.Uneven distribution of trace elements
B.Obesity or underweight is related to personal fitness
C.Causes of skin aging
D.Irregular eating habits can cause obesity or underweight

a
The Internet of Things application standing on the tuyere was actually a bicycle in 2016.The sharing economy has brought bicycles back to the city.Because of its flexibility and convenience, low-carbon environmental protection has become a common "short-distance travel artifact" in many cities, which maximizes resource sharing.The concomitant parking problems of shared bicycles that occur along the way--green belts, sidewalks, malls, etc.can be seen everywhere; randomly discarded by the garbage dump, there are rivers and rivers; parking in your own garage is your own; stealing replacements Two-dimensional codes take advantage of opportunities to collect money ...Weak citizen rule awareness, lack of social credit system, inadequate urban infrastructure ...The original win-win situation is likely to cause "more losses" because a few people do not follow the rules .
What's best for this text title?
A.Sharing Bikes Asking about Shortcomings in the Development of the Sharing Economy
B.Reflections on bike sharing
C.Establishment of rule consciousness in the era of sharing economy
D.Sharing economy exchanges social integrity

b
The surge in population has put the world's food supply under severe test.Some scientists predict that by 2050, humans will be able to support themselves by increasing the amount of arable land.But there is simply not so much arable land on the earth.So scientists turned to the oceans for help.Fish farming in open seas far from the coast can provide sufficient nutrition for human beings.We can boldly predict that the blue revolution of human food will soon begin.
The text is illustrated by "the blue revolution of human food"?
A.In-depth development of the sea area can make up for the lack of cultivated land on the earth
B.Marine fish resources will account for a larger proportion of human food structure
C.Strengthening deep-sea aquaculture can solve the problem of insufficient food supply
D.Marine aquaculture will become the primary industry and will dominate the national economy

d
No matter how reluctant the Western political elites are, the referendum finally determined Britain's withdrawal from the EU with a slight advantage.This incident directly led to the instant generation of a political tsunami; the pound plunged, the dollar and gold rose; the Asian stock market volatile; the British Prime Minister Cameron was grand Announced his resignation; Brexit has caused strong dissatisfaction among many British people.This Brexit, Britain s status as a world power and cultural influence is both fusion and fission, leaving the world at a different level in a period of confusion and future.Speculation, security is not a blessing.
What does this text mean?
A.World Political Tsunami Generates Instantly
B.The situation of the world economy is volatile
C.Britain's status as a world power and cultural influence will be weakened
D.Brexit will have many effects on the world situation

b
The arbitration result in the South China Sea arbitration has denied China's sovereignty in the South China Sea.For this reason, all Chinese people are outraged by this illegal ruling.This arbitration result is more extreme and shameless than many people have predicted before.The "worst version" is an outrageous veto of China's territorial sovereignty and maritime rights and interests.The arbitral tribunal has re-defined these disputes and imposed a ruling on Sino-Philippine territorial and maritime delimitation disputes.This is a shameful violation of power and abuse of power.China Neither the government nor the Chinese people can accept this kind of arbitration results.We are unwavering in our attitude of "no acceptance, no participation" in arbitration, and no one wants to shake us.
What does this text mean?
A.The result of the arbitration is a piece of waste paper.The Chinese people must support the government's counterattack.
B.Unswerving attitude towards arbitration
C.Chinese are outraged by this illegal ruling
D.The outcome of the arbitration is a gross violation of the Convention on the Law of the Sea and the entire international legal system

d
City M has publicized the work of issuing stocks for more than 20 years for the first time, and a total of eight companies have been listed on the stock market.To this end, a newspaper in M city surveyed more than 5,000 people on the issue of stocks.The results show that non-shareholders in the public have investigated eight companies.The evaluation of the stock issue price is relatively mild.The above people do not evaluate because they have no experience in stock speculation.Obviously, more than one-fifth of the shareholders believe that the stock issue price is high and that the low price is almost zero.It is natural that people who buy things tend to think that things are expensive.Old investors also think that the price of new shares is high.
What can be concluded from the above?
A.The issue price of the stock is high, so few buyers
B.Reasons why old shareholders choose not to buy new shares
C.The public Chinese and African investors have a moderate evaluation of the issue price of new shares and may consider buying
D.Most people in the city know little about stocks

c
At present, the development of various reality show variety shows in our country is showing a blowout state.However, due to the crowded columns and similar styles, some of the works lack texture, spirituality and feelings, and have a low-quality style.Even individual columns emphasize form and light content, economic benefits and social benefits, and this misunderstanding of creative concepts has severely restricted the play of the column s cultural and cognitive functions, educational functions, and aesthetic functions.In the background, cultural Chinese columns such as the Chinese Character Dictation Conference, the Chinese Poetry Conference, the Long Reader, and the Character Seeing Face have emerged, achieving a win-win situation for word of mouth and ratings.
What does this text mean?
A.Variety columns should emphasize education and fun
B.TV media people have the mission of cultural heritage
C.Reverse the status of "pan-entertainment" with traditional culture
D.Variety columns should be made into higher-level cultural products with entertainment attributes

d
For thousands of years, food has been constantly migrating and changing with the footsteps of people.No matter how far the footsteps are, in human minds, only the taste of hometown is familiar and stubborn.It is like a taste positioning system On one end, a remote place thousands of miles away is locked, and on the other end, the hometown deep in memory is always involved.
What does "it" mean?
A.Hometown
B.Footsteps
C.Food
D.Taste

c
Don't underestimate the silent and low-key wild fruit trees on the roadside, they are a precious natural heritage given to us by nature.Since the advent of human beings, wild fruits have been one of the main food sources for human survival.With the development of agricultural technology development, some of them have been domesticated into high-quality fruits, such as the kiwi which is now popular in the market, and it was also a wild fruit in the beginning.However, most of the wild fruits are silently hiding in the forest or have been destroyed, and we need to develop While using them, jointly protect these wild fruit tree resources.
What does this text emphasize?
A.Wild fruit trees are our precious heritage
B.Wild fruit trees need to be domesticated to become high-quality fruits
C.We should attach importance to the cultivation and development of wild fruit trees while strengthening protection
D.Wild fruits are one of the main food sources for humans

c
In order to understand the impact of new media on children, a research center under the China Youth Palace Association recently conducted a survey of more than 30,000 children between the ages of 3 and 14 and their parents in 18 central cities.The survey results show that: 3-6 years old), children begin to play online games; in middle school (9-10 years old), children spend an average of 63.57 minutes on electronic media on weekends; junior high school (13-14 years old), using QQ The child reaches, and the child has strange netizens.
What does this text mean?
A.New media development affects children's growth
B.Urban children's use of new media is increasing
C.There is a clear aging trend in the use of new media among urban children
D.New media has become the main entertainment direction for children

c
Nowadays, more and more parents are gradually aware of the importance of emotional intelligence, and they are enthusiastic about the promotion of "children's emotional intelligence training" by training institutions, and their tens of thousands of tuition a year can not stop their enthusiasm.Some experts have analyzed their There are several reasons: one is to realize the emotional intelligence of the child; the other is that parents feel that there is a problem in educating their children, and they would rather send the children out for education instead of their own educational ideas Finding the reason, this is actually a performance of shirk responsibility; in addition, it comes from the "self-realization" values cast in the daily working model of white-collar workers, making young parents over-anxious in the process of educating their children, and also leading to hot training classes s reason.
What's most likely to be discussed next?
A.How to choose an EQ training course
B.Existing status of children's emotional intelligence training
C.How to understand EQ training rationally
D.The significance of emotional intelligence education for children's growth

a
Canadian scientists have recently developed a device that allows people to generate and store electricity through the movement of their jaws when they speak or eat.The subject wears the device and chews gum continuously for 60 seconds, and a cord close to the chin can produce about 10 Microwatts to 18 microwatts of electricity, and an average of about 7 microwatts per meal when chewing food.It is expected that this improved method of power generation may be used in the future to charge hearing aids, smart hearing protectors and even small electronic devices such as mobile phones .
What does the following statement inconsistent with the original?
A.Newly researched power generation method can be used for hearing aid charging
B.Canadian scientists have developed a device that allows the body to generate and store electrical energy through exercise
C.Chewing gum continuously for 60 seconds can produce 10-18 microwatts of electricity
D.People speak or eat to generate electricity

b
New technology is a great "changer".However, will the speed of life and death of new technology allow the superficial "what you see is what you get" to bring about the phenomenon of "vegetated flowers and wild life"? Some people have been distressed that the cultural air is getting thinner and thinner, thinking that China is entering a cultural little age.Libraries are getting better and better, but fewer and better books and books are being read; physical bookstores and newspaper kiosks are gradually dying, and the city is losing culture Lung ...No wonder someone is crying out, save reading from your computer and mobile phone! It even said that unplugging the network cable and turning off the phone can return to real cultural life.
Is the following statement correct?
A.The development of new technologies is the direct cause of the "small age" of Chinese culture
B.Cultural Anxiety Caused by the Upgrade of Technical Means
C.Returning to true cultural life requires proper rejection of new technologies
D.Computers and phones can save reading

d
Modern hot pots were initially introduced into the Central Plains with the northern nomads, and gave birth to different shapes.Beijing's shabu-shabu hot pot, lamb is as thin as paper, and it is tender.Yunnan's fungus hot pot, mushrooms are sweet and delicious.Fragrant.Chaoshan's beef hot pot, beef balls are juicy and tough, and the hot pot most embodies the Chinese people's longing for reunion.However, no one can match Chongqing people's love of hot pot.Mountain towns, everywhere More than 20,000 hot pot restaurants, one in every 30 Chongqing people are engaged in hot pot-related occupations.The fragrant meet of pepper and pepper is not only a flicker-like collision between taste buds and nerves, but also between Asia and the Americas.Gathering across the oceans.
What does the following statement inconsistent with the original?
A.Hotpot shape varies by region
B.Hotpot originated from northern nomads
C.The main reason people love hot pot is the desire for reunion
D.Human migration promotes food integration

a
The common point between modern chemistry and alchemy (alchemy) is to create new things at the molecular level.As for the creation of new elements, it is actually the task of nuclear physicists.They take some cyclotrons to bombard the new elements and then fill them into the periodic table.The fruit of victory as a chemist.Classical alchemy actually has elements such as elements and atoms, but it does not have rational thinking.For example, medieval Europeans believed that light, heavy, dry, and wet were basic physical properties.Dry and light are fire, dry and heavy are soil, wet and light are air, and wet and heavy are water.Therefore, any substance is composed of four basic elements: water, fire, soil, and air in different proportions.The result of this synthesis is obviously different from the current concept of the known world, and the understanding of the nature of the matter in other civilizations in the same period is also between mystery and reason.
The most likely next is:
A.The starting point of modern chemical rational thinking
B.How physicists create new elements
C.The impact of classical alchemy on European civilization
D.Knowing the various concepts of elements in the world

a
The principle of prudence is not a respect for science, but a pragmatic attitude to the application of science.The achievement of scientific research results and their social recognition often represent huge empirical benefits or even the lifetime achievements of scientists, which makes it difficult to guarantee that scientists will not relax the requirements of scientific principles Violation of regulations; the socialization of scientific research results is often linked to the interests of enterprises, and companies will inevitably conceal hazards when they seek profits; due to the unknown factors of scientific research and the difficulty and time span of dangerous discovery, even scientists and enterprises uphold moral principles, It is also difficult to guarantee that the potential harm of scientific research results can be found.
What does this passage mean?
A.Application of scientific results should be cautious
B.The potential dangers of the application of scientific research results cannot be predicted
C.The economic benefits attached to science corrupt the spirit of science
D.Moral principles are the primary principles for scientific research

c
Life cannot be perfect.It is also difficult to find a flower that is perfect.Although the human body is generally left-right symmetrical, this symmetry is far from complete.The thickness of each hand is different.One eye is larger or rounder than the other, and the shape of the two earlobes is different.The most obvious is that each person has only one heart, usually in the left position.
This text is the beginning of an article, what is the article most likely to tell next?
A.Many ways to make up for asymmetries
B.Imperfections in life can be transformed into perfection
C.Asymmetry can also produce a sense of harmony and balance
D.The physiological basis of the asymmetry in the human body

c
Carrier pigeons have a strong flying ability, reaching speeds of up to 100 kilometers per hour, and memory and recognition are outstanding among animals.It is not afraid of fatigue, loyal and reliable, has no deserters and surrenders, is not restricted by terrain, and delivers information in a timely manner.Since then, he has repeatedly made great achievements.
What kind of opinion does this passage support?
A.Carrier pigeons have strong flying ability
B.Carrier pigeon is an animal suitable for combat activities
C.Many unique advantages of carrier pigeons have great military effects
D.The participation of pigeons in military activities is a guarantee of victory

a
When reading traditional paper books, the text itself does not move, which can make people calm, but when reading in front of a computer screen, mouse clicks and scrolling will inevitably interrupt people's attention, making it difficult to read the text.Comprehensive grasping makes people lose patience.In addition, the stimuli of the brain when the finger touches the paper and the display screen are completely different.The former is more helpful to stimulate the subconscious and help people understand the beauty of the text, not just stop at getting information.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Traditional paper books have irreplaceable advantages
B.Traditional reading methods are more conducive to brain development
C.Access to information is not the main purpose of reading
D.Reading with a computer brings many obstacles to a comprehensive understanding of the meaning

b
In British families, there is absolutely no way to see the child's unreasonable spoils, and children who make mistakes will be corrected or even punished.Parents often exercise strict control over their children while respecting their independent personalities.Understand that their actions are not borderless and that they cannot do whatever they want.Britain law clearly allows parents to physically punish their children.
The inaccurate understanding of this text is
A.The British never spoil their children
B.British people often corporally punish children
C.The British do not hurt their self-esteem when they control their children
D.English law has provisions for discipline

a
Scientific exploration does not stop because of a failure or an imperfect link.For example, human beings use space for scientific purposes, and no accidents occur during the exploration process, but this does not prevent humans from continuing to explore the secrets of space.The use of nuclear energy is also In the history of nuclear power plant explosions in the past, although many people around the world have talked about the nuclear discoloration and have biased against the future peaceful use of nuclear energy, in fact, the peaceful use of nuclear energy is an important milestone for human progress.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Ca nt use nuclear energy for food waste?
B.Scientific exploration is by no means smooth sailing
C.Humans should use nuclear energy with care and development
D.Peaceful use of nuclear energy is an important symbol of human civilization

b
History has left many precious images for the road of national rejuvenation, but no matter which frame of history is taken, it does not seem to be directly magnified into a perfect masterpiece of historical themes.Fine artworks of historical subjects as a kind of historical images, Of course, make up for the missing historical instant images, but more importantly, is an artistic creation that is in line with historical logic and images.A historical theme artwork at least records and condenses a historical event, and also shapes through this historical event historical figure.
The text is intended to illustrate that historical works of art should:
A.Fully respect and fully reproduce historical facts
B.Historical creation based on understanding history
C.A detailed description of historical figures and events
D.Highlight the artistic appeal while restoring history

a
Tea beverages have been sought after by history this year.The root cause is the consumer's pursuit of healthy eating.The Chinese have a soft spot for tea and believe that tea has a lot of health benefits.The author believes that it is a healthier beverage.Studies show that the healthy function of tea is mainly attributed to tea polyphenols, that is, consumers choose tea beverages in fact to choose such beverages containing tea polyphenol elements.But this is the most important The indicators have not been required to be disclosed to the public.How many tea polyphenols are in a bottle of tea beverage, consumers cannot know.
This text has been repeatedly emphasized:
A.Tea beverages need to indicate the content of ingredients for specific health functions
B.Misunderstanding of the public's understanding of the nutritional value of tea beverages
C.Consumers should strengthen awareness in the process of consumption
D.The state should strengthen the quality control of tea beverages

a
Judging from the Analects, Confucius's emphasis on music can be said to be far beyond the imagination of those who respect him in the future.This aspect comes from his new discovery of the spiritual art of music.Art is only in the discovery of people's spirit It only exists, it can be said that from the materials we see now, Confucius may be the discoverer of the greatest artistic spirit in Chinese history.
This passage highlights:
A.Confucius' achievements and contributions in music
B.Bias in future generations' evaluation of Confucius
C.The role of artistic spirit in the heritage of music education
D.Significance of The Analects as a Document

c
In China, it is very obvious that Internet public opinion represents public opinion.The so-called Internet public opinion is actually very complicated.Through research, it can be confirmed that the statistical composition of Internet users is different from the statistical composition of the entire Chinese population.If online public opinion is directly equivalent to today In terms of public opinion, it is actually a bit like treating the rich area of a city as a representative of the entire city.People who often use the Internet know that most people here are silent, and only a small number of people are active participants.Everyone is noisy In fact, there will always be a few people.However, it is these few people who determine the direction of network issues and give people a feeling.It seems that these people represent the public opinion of the Internet.If you promote it, it seems to represent the public opinion of the entire Chinese society.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Surveying Internet opinion requires scientific analysis of the statistical composition of Internet users
B.The way of conducting social polls through the internet is not scientific enough
C.Rational analysis and comprehensive understanding of Internet public opinion
D.The direction of cyber issues should not be determined by a few people

a
The moon is the nearest celestial body to the earth, but how to fly from the earth to the moon is not a simple problem.Although Apollo astronauts have already landed on the moon more than 30 years ago, today's human return to the moon cannot simply repeat Apollo.The way to land on the moon.Because the return of humans to the moon today is more complicated and difficult than that of Apollo, not only did more people fly to the moon than Apollo, but also people did not simply conduct expeditions and expeditions after reaching the moon.It is to build a base on the moon, to comprehensively develop and use the moon, and to work and live on the moon for a long time.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Man's mission to return to the moon is even more difficult
B.The environment for humans to return to the moon is more complicated
C.The purpose of human landing on the moon is to open up new living spaces
D.Human development and use of the moon is yet to come

b
The foundation of economic recovery is industrial recovery, especially under the framework of the global division of labor system.Each country's economy is no longer committed to building a large and comprehensive production system, but instead focuses on strengthening the comparative advantage worldwide.In the crisis along the industrial chain In the process of global transmission, the degree of damage suffered by countries and industries varies.Therefore, timely, appropriate, and specific industrial policies are of great significance for countries to get out of the crisis.
The gist of this text is:
A.Introduction of methods and approaches to promote economic recovery
B.Stress the need for economic recovery to specify targeted industrial policies
C.Explain the characteristics of the economic situation and industrial structure
D.Explain how differentiated industrial regulation should be achieved

b
Iron tree blossoms have strong regional characteristics.Iron trees that grow in the tropics can blossom and bear fruit every year after 10 years.Iron trees have been blooming frequently in the north in recent years because iron trees are mostly cultivated as bonsai.People are very involved in all aspects of cultivating iron trees.Pay attention to everything from seedling cultivation to cultivation techniques to daily care.It is very careful and specific, specific to the selection of high-tech fertilizers, the amount of water used, and so on.Iron trees growing in greenhouses are naturally easy to flower and bear fruit.Moreover, iron trees are gymnosperms When it reaches a certain age, it will naturally bloom, but it will be abnormal if it does not bloom.
The text is intended to show:
A.Artificial intervention shortens the flowering period of iron trees in the north
B.It is normal for iron trees to bloom in the cold north
C.Regional plants can change their varieties through human power
D.Flowering time of gymnosperms in the north varies by variety

b
For Einstein, in addition to his theory of relativity, his philosophical thinking about science, attention to many societies, governance, cultural issues, and incisive speech, sometimes absent from the science popularization that only pays attention to the spread of specific scientific knowledge.It cannot be said that it is not a shame.
The most appropriate summary of this text is:
A.People don't know enough about scientists
B.Einstein's philosophy is more worthy of attention
C.The scientific knowledge promoted by science should be more extensive
D.Real scientist research interests are extremely broad

c
Experiments have shown that plants contain a light-sensing protein that can resolve the intensity of light.This ability is likely to enable plants to see wavelengths invisible to human vision and have a high sensitivity.Plants can sense In the direction of the light, the light makes the plant know when to wake up in the morning, and it can also promote the plant to secrete two additional colorless pigments, quercetin and kefir.They can filter the strong sunlight and give full play to the role of sunscreen To protect plants from strong UV rays.
This text mainly introduces:
A.How do plants tell the direction
B.How Plants Avoid Sun Exposure
C.Plants have a "visual" sense
D.The importance of sensing sunlight for plant growth

d
The consumer market in social life is one of the important areas that embodies the market philosophy.Efforts to improve product quality and service quality are the undeniable responsibility of manufacturers and merchants.Above customers is also an unquestionable marketing concept, but "the customer is God "It is indeed a general prejudice.Because one side pays money between the consumer and the consumer provider, the other side provides the corresponding product, or one side provides the service, and of course the other side has to pay the equivalent price.From the essence It is said that there is no distinction between high and low.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.The background and limitations of the concept of "the customer is God"
B.Introducing new consumer ideas is more reasonable than "customers are God"
C.Explain that the habitual consumption concepts in people's lives are not all correct
D.Emphasize that consumers and manufacturers and merchants have equal trading relationships

a
"The horse gathers its head above the head, steps on the inline and rises, wears Rui Zhixiang, and the waist is surrounded by the four permanents." This old Beijing ballad vividly reflects the status of the time-honored brand in the minds of the market.Watches and clocks, Yueshengzhai's sauce, Zhang Yiyuan's tea, twists on 18th Street, and steamed buns ...these well-known and well-known old names have formed people's precious memories of long years.
What does this text say?
A.The weight and significance of old names in the hearts of ordinary people
B.Time-honored integrity earns itself a good reputation
C.Time-honored brands have accumulated and accumulated a rich business culture
D.Each time-honored brand has its own unique traditional skills

b
In the lower part of the Yellow River, the river bed is about 10 meters higher than both sides of the river, so that it is also called "overground river".This is due to the large sediment content of the Yellow River, slow water speed and continuous sedimentation in the downstream.
What caused the "ground river"?
A.The lower reaches of the Yellow River were flood-protected, causing the dam to be built too high
B.The sediment content of the Yellow River is large, and the sediment continues to deposit due to the slow water speed in the downstream.
C.The Yellow River often stops
D.The terrain passed by the lower Yellow River was higher

b
Human lacrimal glands are able to make tears constantly.Tears have the effect of killing bacteria, moisturizing the eyes, and washing away dirt on the surface of the eyes.
Which of the effects of tears is not mentioned in the above statement?
A.Kill the bacteria
B.Expulsion of dirt from the human body
C.Wet eyeballs
D.Wash the dirt on the surface of the eyeball

b
Although he later entered philosophical pessimism, this has nothing to do with his life situation, and in the real world, he can be considered a lucky man.
What is the most correct understanding of the above?
A.Although his life is unfortunate, he is always lucky in philosophy
B.His luck in the real world has instead led to his philosophical pessimism
C.Although his life is not good, he is still lucky in the real world
D.His destiny is good in the real world

d
This is the difference between "seeing" and "discovering": you "see" but you don't "discover"; the great "accident" that can make a person successful at once slips away under your gaze From the above, for that great "accident".
How do we understand?
A.Can only be "discovered", not "seen"
B.May be "seen" but not "discovered"
C.Once "discovered", success will be achieved
D.Even if you "see" it, it may be let go

a
Although they also knew that they should not be superstitious about the truth in ancient books and should pay attention to objective facts, but when they were desperate, they still went to worship the Bodhisattva with the pain of illness.
What is the incorrect understanding of the above statement?
A.They don't know if superstition should be
B.They know that they should not be superstitious
C.They are superstitious in extreme cases
D.There are some contradictions in their thinking and behavior

d
The imbalance in the development of science and technology in the world today is more prominent due to the confidentiality of science and technology between countries, regions, regions, and groups.However, all inventions and creations of science and technology should be the wealth of all humankind.Neither groups nor individuals should own it for a long time.
What is the main point of this passage?
A.Should learn advanced science and technology from abroad
B.The confidentiality of science is limited, and sooner or later
C.Confidentiality of science and technology should be strengthened
D.Science and technology are the wealth of all mankind and should not and should not be kept secret for a long time

d
Although Buddhism advocates ultra-dark and refined, the four majors are all empty, but in the end, it cannot leave the world, so it is not completely exempt.There are also many gods of wealth in Buddhism.It seems that the love of wealth can be difficult to eradicate.According to the Buddhist scriptures, Buddha's release Gamuni had accepted the offering of the Dragon Girl, a jewel worth three thousand and thousands of worlds! Shakyamuni immediately made her a Buddha.
What is the most accurate restatement of this passage?
A.Buddhism is not exempt
B.Love for money, human nature
C.Promoting wealth in the four big buddies
D.Facing Treasure, Promoting Buddhism in the Four Great Places Is Not Completely Exempt

b
China is a developing country with a relatively backward economy and culture.It is in a period of entrepreneurship.Even with the great development of the economy and the improvement of people's lives, we still need to maintain and carry forward the spirit of hard work and entrepreneurship.Carry out education on the spirit of hard work and entrepreneurship, guide people to correctly understand the national conditions, correctly understand the arduousness and long-term nature of building socialism with Chinese characteristics, firmly establish the thinking of building a country with frugality, and run the business with thrift, and vigorously carry forward the hard work, work hard, and understand difficulties.Progress, self-improvement.
What is the main point of this passage?
A.China is a developing country and is still in the entrepreneurial period
B.Establish the idea of hard work and entrepreneurship across the entire nation
C.Socialism is a difficult and long-term construction undertaking
D.Hard work and entrepreneurship requires continuous education

d
The Woye south of the Yinshan Mountain is not only a garden for the nomads, but also a springboard for them to enter the Central Plains.As long as they occupy the Woye, they will cross the Yellow River and enter the Fen or Yellow River valleys.If they lose this Woye, Lost the basis for survival, history contains "After the Xiongnu lost Yinshan, never crying" is the reason; on the other hand, if the Han people want to exclude the threat of nomads from the northwest, they must also guard YinshanӸڬ otherwise these riding nations will cross the Ordos desert and enter the heart of the Han residential area.
What is the main point of this passage?
A.The area south of Yinshan is a fertile field
B.The fertile ground south of Yinshan is the basis for the survival of nomads
C.The Woye south of Yinshan is not only a garden for the nomads, but also a springboard for them to enter the Central Plains.
D.The Woye south of Yinshan is extremely important to nomads and Hans

c
Although the kind of social life is the only source of literature and art, although it is incomparably vivid and richer than the latter, the people are still not satisfied with the former and demand the latter.Why is this? Although both are beautiful, However, the life reflected in literary and artistic works can and should be higher, stronger, more concentrated, more typical, more ideal, and therefore more universal than ordinary actual life.Revolutionary literature and art should create various aspects based on actual life.All kinds of people come to help the masses to advance history.For example, on the one hand, people are hungry, frozen, and oppressed; on the one hand, people exploit people, and people oppress people.The fact exists everywhere, and people also look very flat.Literature and art is to bring together this daily phenomenon, to typicalize the contradictions and struggles, to form literary or artistic works, to awaken the masses, to inspire them, to push the masses towards unity and struggle, and to transform themselves.Environment.Without such literature and art, this task cannot be completed, or cannot be completed forcefully and quickly.
What is the most accurate rephrasing of this passage?
A.Human social life is the only source of literature and art
B.Human social life has more vivid and rich content than literature and art
C.Literature and art come from life and should be higher than life
D.Life is real and plain, so is the art from life

a
With the development of inventions and discoveries, with the development of the system, the human mind is bound to become more and more open because of this, and the human brain is gradually becoming larger, especially the brain part.At the stage of obscurity, people have to change from nothing.It is extremely difficult to come up with the simplest invention in the environment.Therefore, the slow development of human mind was inevitable at the time.It is of course very difficult to organize such a group of people who have begun to be ignorant and unruly and form a society.There is no doubt that the earliest invention projects, the earliest social organizations, are difficult to produce, so the transition from the obscure stage to the barbaric stage takes the longest.
What is the most accurate rephrasing of this passage?
A.The invention, the creation of discoveries, and the establishment of the social system all started at the obscurity stage, but because it is very difficult from scratch, the obscuration stage is particularly long.
B.Invention, the creation of discovery, and the establishment of a social system are the beginning of the barbaric phase.In the obscured phase, all these are very difficult, so the obscured phase is particularly long.
C.In the obscurity stage, human beings have no inventions, discoveries, and systems at all.These three are necessary conditions for the beginning of a barbaric society, so there is a considerable interval between the three.
D.Difficulties in discovering and establishing the system through the obscuration stage, explaining the reason for the retarded intellectual development of primitive people

c
Although Greece is not a European football powerhouse, it is well known that Greece has no shortage of powerful football clubs and teams, as well as a lot of qualified coaches and players.Greek football is very popular, the audience is very passionate, and the main players are like movie stars and big politics Home is also an idol worshipped by the public.
What does this passage mainly introduce about Greece?
A.Football is high
B.Football is not very high in Europe
C.Strong football club
D.Football is popular and popular

a
Snakes often stick their tongues out, not to use it to absorb moisture, or to feel fresh air, or a habitual action, but to use it to help smell and find food and determine the environment.
Why do snakes often stick out their tongues? ?
A.Use your tongue to help smell and find food and determine your environment
B.Absorb moisture
C.want to feel the fresh air
D.is a habitual action

c
When making a larger request to someone, you must pay attention to the appropriate timing.For example, when the other party is experiencing a major change, you should not just go to bother and ask him to help you.When the other party is in a good mood When time is sufficient, a request to it may have better results.
What does this passage mainly tell us?
A.Should not make a major request to others casually
B.When the other party is in a good mood, asking for help has a good effect
C.When asking for help, take the appropriate time
D.When the other party is experiencing a major accident, he cannot be asked for help

c
Due to the emergence of the information revolution, at the turn of the century, our educational theory and model are facing a major change and challenge.In the next few years, interactive multimedia systems will have a powerful impact on their rich functions The features of convenience and cheapness have been widely used in the education industry, thus setting off a new type of educational revolution.
What is the central idea of this passage?
A.The information revolution has emerged in human society
B.Education faces challenges
C.The application of powerful multimedia in education will trigger a new type of educational revolution
D.Multimedia is very powerful

b
Biomass energy is a new energy source, but because its use is currently restricted by many aspects such as land resources, the development prospect is not very broad.
This passage mainly supports the argument that biomass energy?
A.Is a new energy
B.Restricted use
C.Development prospects are not broad
D.The utilization area is narrow

d
In a strict sense, China's reform is not a purely economic issue, except that economic reform is at the forefront in the large system of economy, politics, society, and culture.In the mid-term, the differences in social psychology and social morality caused by economic reforms ahead and other aspects of reforms lagging behind have begun to educate us.
This passage is mainly to clarify?
A.China's reform is not purely an economic issue
B.Economic reforms are at the forefront of reforms
C.Economic reforms have caused us problems
D.The imbalance between economic reforms and other reforms has begun to cause problems for our society

c
The great development of philosophy is not that or mainly it does not give new explanations and new explanations to existing problems, but that it has changed the way it raised philosophical questions in the face of the requirements of the times.The new development of the era raises new problems, condenses new categories and new theories.
What does this passage mean?
A.Philosophy can promote the development of the times because it raises new questions and condenses new categories and theories.
B.Philosophy is closely related to the times it faces, and it always asks new questions about the new development of the times
C.A major development in philosophy is that it has changed the way it asks questions in response to the demands of the times
D.The great development of philosophy lies not in its new interpretation of existing problems, but in its use of new methods to solve problems

d
The so-called information processing viewpoint is to compare the human brain with a computer, and to treat the human brain as an information processing system similar to a computer.However, this analogy is only functional, that is, an analogy at the behavior level, regardless of its material composition.The difference between biological cells and electronic components.In other words, this analogy involves only software and not hardware.
What does hardware mean in this passage?
A.Functional properties
B.Behavior level
C.Material composition
D.Biological cells and electronic components

a
Wu Guanzheng said that students of both primary and secondary schools are currently nervously reviewing their homework and welcoming the final exams.Exams are necessary, but don't make it too difficult, don't make partial questions, problems, and you can't make most students fail.The burden of current students It is too heavy and is in a state of tension from day to night.It is necessary to call on the whole society to care about students, not to have too many homework assignments, and parents not to scold their children.Especially the primary and middle school students, the student enthusiasm is already very high, no longer Do nt overweight.Those who do nt get a college degree are not necessarily worse than those who get into college.There are many people who do nt study college, but they are very talented.Let students participate in some social practice activities, participate in some labor, and achieve the full development of moral, intellectual, and physical education..
What is incorrect about the following statement about this passage?
A.The whole society has reached a consensus on the burden of primary and secondary school students
B.Proper examination questions
C.Not going to college doesn't necessarily have a way out
D.Students should not be trapped in books and schools

c
The way of thinking of modern science has undergone tremendous changes in the development of modern science, forming a new angle and new direction that is very different from modern science.It has shifted from mechanical thinking to system-oriented thinking.Holism, dynamics, complexity and contingency.
This passage mainly supports such an argument, that is?
A.The way of thinking of modern science has undergone tremendous changes in the development of modern science
B.The thinking mode of modern science is obviously different from that of modern science
C.The dominant thinking of modern science changes from a mechanical perspective to a systematic perspective
D.Modern science is dominated by system view

d
On the afternoon of April 8, when Hu Guohui and Peng Xiaoliang from Hunan Province passed by Gate 9 of Guangzhou Baiyun Airport Terminal, they picked up a white tote bag with 356,000 US dollars, equivalent to more than 2.3 million yuan.Migrant workers who were struggling with their lives were resolutely handing over their handbags to the airport police station.According to reports, after Hu Guohui and Peng Xiaoliang's indiscriminate deeds were exposed, their identities and living conditions have become hotly debated and wanting to know Details.Many netizens speculate that these two people who are ignorant of gold are high-educated and high-income people.In short, the subtext of this sentence seems to be: "Only high-quality talents will not be jealous of this flying windfall, only high income.Only groups can resist the temptation of huge sums of money."
The topic of this text is:
A.Moral binding
B.Normative validity
C.Money temptation
D.Labeled Interpretation

b
Monkey heard that Boss Niu asked for a tutor, so he went to apply.He found Boss Niu in the paddy field, and the two sides agreed on related matters.The next day, the monkey was going to teach.Before leaving, he arched into the water.The pond was covered with muddy mud water.The mother monkey felt strange when she saw it and asked why he was so.The monkey said: "I saw the boss of the cow just like this yesterday, and probably their family just started it.Boss Niu saw the dirty appearance of the monkey, and was displeased, and yelled at him to leave.The monkey asked in amazement: "Did you not do that yesterday?" Boss Niu closed the door and replied scornfully: "My Working in a paddy field! ".
The enlightenment of this allegorical story to grassroots civil servants is:
A.Hard work is most welcomed by the masses
B.In-depth investigations can better serve the masses
C.The closer relationship does not solve the problem better
D.Understanding people's demands can solve people's suffering

a
The culture of the Northeast has a good side.People in the Northeast are righteous, atmospheric, and dare to clap, but the people in the Northeast have the biggest weakness in business.People in the Northeast are not as delicate and adventurous as those in the South.We often have ambitions, but when we land, we look down on those hard work and look down on the least important work.We always want to do big things, not small things.To start a business, we must With an adventurous spirit, we have to be willing to do small things, work that others don't look at, and start a business little by little.This is the foundation of success.Anything that has little success can have great success.
Famous quotes that have nothing to do with the subject matter of this text are:
A.It's a mountain stone that can attack jade
B.No pace, no miles
C.It is not advisable to be brazen in the spirit of a hero
D.There is no high ambition to be a strong player.

c
Open the circle of friends, dine on food, dazzle on the beautiful scenery, and dazzle on a variety of tans.No matter how busy you are, you will never forget to take photos, which makes these complicated or simple links extra steps.In all aspects, I spent a lot of time unknowingly and lost a lot of energy.There is such a passage: the wound bleeds, the first thing to do is not to stop the bleeding, but to take a picture and send a WeChat; when someone is in distress, it s the first time, the people who pass by first Instead of coming forward, but taking photos and sending a circle of friends; the viewer's response is not first to ask the photographer why they are bystanders, but to blindly like, good or bad, good or bad, happy or good, sad or good.Asked for help, nothing more than getting praise.
The text is intended to show:
A.Shooting and Hyun in the circle of friends
B.Look and like in the circle of friends
C.Fake busy in the circle of friends
D.The real joy in the circle of friends

b
When you take a picture of Zhang Xuanfu's diamond ring at home, and then upload it to your Weibo or circle of friends, then things may not be as simple as you want to show off.The photo you share is not a simple photo, it is still hidden With a lot of information, such as when the photo was taken, the model of the camera or mobile phone, and the latitude and longitude of the place where the photo was taken.So when this photo is posted on the Internet, for a thief familiar with technology, you are a clear target that does not require stepping on the point.The sharing of "go to the movies today or where to travel tomorrow" was published to further guide when the thief can steal.
What cannot be derived from this text is:
A.Criminals may use big data analysis to commit crimes
B.Personal information leakage mainly occurs on online social platforms
C.Showing off wealth on online social platforms is likely to reveal privacy
D.Public-oriented information security education needs attention

d
In the process of accompanying their children, many parents will encounter the problem of their children lying or concealing the truth.Lying is almost the worst behavior that many parents are most worried about, and it even scares and annoys them than their poor academic performance.It is said that many parents do not solve the problem of children's lying well, at least they pay attention to it, and the problem of children concealing their parents from their parents is not only solved worse, but it has not received enough attention.
The following list meets the original meaning:
A.Parents think child's non-report is more worrying than lying
B.Lying is the most unforgivable moral character of parents
C.Most parents have more than enough power to solve their children's lying problem
D.The child's concealment of his own situation has not attracted the attention of parents

a
Divorce has become a century epidemic in the 21st century.I expect that the public will see more celebrity and child divorce in the future.This is not the crow's mouth, it is the general trend.Think of the people around you and see what happens every day, It is known that the trend is inevitable.The reason is that the information revolution will change the tradition.After the industrial revolution, marital status is different from that of the agricultural society, leading to the emergence of new families and the collapse of old families.Today, this generation has caught up with a whole new era, the rain Come.
What does "Mountain rain is coming" means in the text?
A.Today's society will usher in a higher divorce rate
B.Divorce rate higher than the marriage rate will become the new normal
C.The traditional family model is about to die out
D.Disruptive changes in the marriage system are coming

c
The birth of "Flood Girl" Fu Yuanhui turned out to make Chinese people see the Chinese contemporary athletes work hard and enjoy the style of competition; "Sun Yang does not cry", let us feel the tolerance of Chinese people when they treat athletes' failure.We ca nt help but shout China People began to enjoy the Olympic Games and no longer struggled with winning or losing.But when I saw titles like "Reproduced the Spirit of the Women's Volleyball Team" and "Return of the Spiritual King of the Women's Volleyball Team", the author lamented "We only have victory or defeat in our eyes, where is the spirit".
The gist of this text is:
A.Affirming the increasingly mature sports view of fans
B.Praise Fu Yuanhui's sportsmanship
C.Criticize the media's thinking of "heroic success or failure"
D.Point out that the "spirit of women's volleyball" has been misinterpreted

c
When I started working, I worked as a teacher in a higher vocational college.In addition to having 20 lessons a week, I also had to be a counselor.Due to the poor quality of the students, the school learning atmosphere was not ideal, and the classroom teaching was all about not learning Of students, I will have a full sense of frustration after each lesson.Every week, I really feel like the entire person has been hollowed out.Later, I resigned decisively and changed to a more preferred job.The feeling of hollowing out is gone.
The main lessons of the "I" story are:
A.Acquiring a sense of accomplishment is often a matter of personal preference
B.If you can't change reality, try to adapt to it
C.Instead of consuming self-confidence in frustration, choose another life
D.Only by doing your favorite job can you avoid frustration

c
In addition to doing things, we need to read more books, but our lives are short and we ca nt read the classics.Why read other books? What is classic? Books that have been washed through time are classics.To relax, everyone s works recognized in the intellectual world are also called classics.But not all of them are classics.It is not easy for a person to write a classic in his life.Those who can write two or three can be called Wizards.So in general, reading one's masterpiece is enough, and only a few landmark figures need to read all.
The main topics of this text are:
A.How to understand the classics
B.How to read classics
C.What to read
D.How to keep reading

b
A magnitude 7.3 earthquake in Kyushu, Japan, a magnitude 7.2 earthquake in Myanmar, a magnitude 7.1 earthquake in Afghanistan, and multiple magnitude 7.0 earthquakes in the waters off the island of Sumatra in Indonesia in a month ...How to explain the recent strong earthquakes, are there any correlations between them? Has the Earth entered the seismically active period? In this regard, both Chinese and foreign experts believe that any conclusion needs to be supported by scientific evidence.However, whether it is statistical significance or specific research, it is not yet possible to determine whether the magnitude and frequency of global earthquakes are beyond the normal range, and whether there is a correlation between them.It cannot be concluded, but it is necessary to study some vigilant areas and maintain vigilance.
The following options are best for text titles:
A.Earth has entered vibration mode
B.Has the Earth entered vibration mode?
C.The earth is about to go into vibration mode
D.Earth does not enter vibration mode

b
Aunt Wang downstairs in my house is pushing her paralyzed husband for a walk every day.I used to talk and laugh before, but I have been feeling down a bit recently.When I asked, I was told that it was caused by the "open second child" policy.It turned out that the second child in Beijing The son said that the daughter-in-law was pregnant again.They planned to let the old lady take the child.The old man hired a 24-hour housekeeping service.Aunt Wang said that he could not leave his wife and wanted to help his son hire a nanny in Beijing.But the son said that Beijing was too expensive, and the babysitter was not assured of seeing the child.After one or two visits, the daughter-in-law went to the hospital for a miscarriage and died.In this way, Aunt Wang and her wife got angry and felt guilty.Blame myself for dragging down the whole family."Aunt Wang couldn't help tears and said," This body is really bad, sorry for the children."
The text is intended to explain:
A.The two-child policy has been liberalized, but "dare to live" is a problem
B.Asking two children to put pressure on some older generations
C.The two-child policy may not be immediate, but requires the joint efforts of families and society
D.The state's two-child policy is inadequate and should be revised in a timely manner

b
Have you ever thought of such a question.When you go somewhere, the return journey seems to be shorter and takes less time.Why? This is because we don't know the exact length of the mileage, but only estimate it through some other clues.When we travel to strange places, the way to go seems to be longer than the way back and forth.Because what we saw at the time was a series Fresh things.However, on the return journey, we only need to identify some road signs, rather than forming new memories.Therefore, the brain feels that the space is shortened and the time is shortened.
The author intends to tell us through this text:
A.External stimuli affect our time perception
B.Space affects our sense of time
C.Time perception affects the length of our journey
D.Time affects our sense of space

c
In Taipei, it is not the well-known Eslite, the chain bookstores such as Kii House, that really prop up the bookstore industry, but independent bookstores that far exceed the chain bookstores.Among these independent bookstores, there are comprehensive bookstores that operate in all directions.There are also special bookstores that specialize in books in a certain field.Take the bookstore block of the mansion as an example.Here, there are both the largest second-hand bookstore in Taiwan and old bookstores with countless rare books.The mainland bookstore of books.If there are only the above types, it is not particularly diverse, but here, there are even feminist bookstores focusing on gender theory, and theological bookstores focusing on religious theory.
What can be determined from this text is:
A.Taipei's independent bookstore marketing is most distinctive
B.Taipei is a city of cultural scholars
C.Taipei has a wide variety of independent bookstores
D.Taipei's bookstore chain has entered a bottleneck period

d
In the parable story of Turtle and Rabbit Race, running rabbits are negative textbooks.But among marathon runners, rabbit has a glorious role.The scientific name of rabbit is speed dating.The role in the competition is to guide the runner to run at a stable pace and complete the race within a preset time.Running is considered a lonely sport, but once it appears on the arena as a "rabbit", it can not only be considered Rather than refreshing his results, a qualified "rabbit" should instead emphasize his "presence" and pass the confidence of running the race and the stability of running to the runners who follow him.
One of the incorrect understandings of the "rabbit" responsibilities is:
A.Be prepared and accountable to runners and events
B.Run professionally and give guidance in actual combat
C.Respect the runner and pass on the confidence to the runner
D.Race level and continuously surpass self-limitation

c
The movie "July and Anson" tells the growth story of a pair of soul mates.In July and Ansheng, the two girls have very different personalities.They met in their youth and talked about everything.They are girlfriends, and they are another self in the soul Although they have embarked on a different path in the future, they are deeply enthusiastic about another life.The film runs through the clue of a drama: one girl is writing the story of two girls.In the end, the film is in An Sheng, who published the novel on the Internet, wrote An Sheng and July at the same time, and became a person with two selves.This story also completed the fullness of the life process and the improvement of the life texture in the fictional space of creation.
The following options are most consistent with the author's interpretation of July and Ansheng:
A.People tend to be more interested in the lives of others
B.A person should be honest with the real life he once had
C.One's ultimate maturity is towards reconciliation with self
D.Everyone wants to live like someone else

c
Recently, a research team published the latest research results on human embryo gene editing of HIV virus immunity.This result is based on AIDS embryo cell experiments.The human embryo genes are edited and rewritten to hope to achieve the effect of immune AIDS.The real problem is that genes Its function is not single, linear, but a network structure, which often affects the whole body.We don't know what other reactions will occur when changing one.This is likely to be beyond the control of the editors.However Gene editing technology has incomparable medical advantages in evading and treating major diseases and repairing congenital defects, and has irreplaceable positive significance.
The author's attitude towards gene editing technology is:
A.Admired, human beings can finally control their own destiny
B.Resistance, I don't know what kind of ending will lead human beings
C.Rational, responsible and prudent under strict control
D.Objective, calm analysis of a wide range of ethical disputes

b
Recently, some netizens expressed such concerns, "I have money in Alipay and WeChat.If I die unexpectedly someday, what will happen to the money (my family does not know the money)?" Resonated.According to the regulations of Internet companies, if personal accounts are not used for a long time, Alipay will be cancelled and WeChat will be recycled.This also means that personal online property is likely to be "forfeited".There is also such a kind in physical banks Situation.But physical banks generally have relief mechanisms.For example, for "dormant accounts", banks can contact a second contact person, or relatives and friends of the parties hold a bank card to inquire, etc.Inspired by this, current legislation should be adopted.Solve the "dormant account" problem of the network platform.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Explain that traditional bank accounts are more secure than online accounts
B.Emphasize the need for legislation related to online accounts
C.Highlight the advantages of traditional bank accounts
D.Prompting the risk of online bank accounts

a
Ping pong, badminton, volleyball, Chinese athletes can achieve good results in all three competitions, but basketball and football are not the same.It seems quite difficult to achieve a breakthrough in the short term, especially football.Table tennis, badminton and volleyball have this Commonality: Both sides of the game have their own fixed positions, and the victory or not depends on the size of the defense ability.The players in basketball and football games run all over the field, and the victory or failure basically depends on the size of the offensive ability.The characteristics of Chinese athletes' sports capabilities reflect the characteristics of the Chinese culture behind them: they are defensive, not offensive.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Chinese athletes are good at defense is a reflection of national cultural characteristics
B.Strong defense ability is a universal advantage for Chinese athletes
C.Ball games can fully reflect the cultural characteristics of a nation
D.Sports are defensive or offensive

b
China s college entrance examinations are all on the ground floor, but big cities are not good, because superiority lacks motivation.The area where Hengshui Middle School is not rich, Anhui Luan Maotan Factory is the mountain lantern, Huanggang Middle School has also worked hard to create glory, these The school has a word for "spell", and all have a set of methods different from conventional ones.They push the unsophisticated children to the Himalayas, let them stand out and look at the mountains.For parents, the confusion center hurts the children.In tears, he cried and made him join the ascetic army.This is actually a portrait of the future of mankind: dyeing Cang is Cang, and dyeing is yellow is Yellow.
The least consistent with the meaning is:
A.Near Zhu Zhechi, near Mo Zhehe
B.Things are grouped together, people are grouped
C.In Pengma hemp, helpless and straight; white sand is nirvana, and it becomes black
D.Oranges in Huainan are tangerines, oranges in Huaibei are 藍

a
What is the actual situation of India's implementation of the "free medical care" system? According to statistics, the proportion of doctors in India is 1: 1500.The government medical system is divided into national hospitals, state (provincial) hospitals, regional hospitals, county hospitals and township hospitals.Usually government hospitals at all levels face medicine.Shortages, poor hospital conditions, inadequate ward conditions, inadequate hygiene, and a large number of doctors receiving patients, and high work pressure, and many other problems.Public hospitals are not profitable, doctors have low salaries, and doctors with good medical skills can't keep them, all went to private hospitals.The latter charges are extremely high and the bottom people cannot afford to consume.
From this text, the following inference is wrong:
A.The overall number of Indian doctors is sufficient to meet medical needs
B.India's so-called "free medical care" does not solve substantive problems
C.In India, there is still no cure for the disease without spending money.
D.There is also the problem of "difficult to see a doctor" in India

b
The "New York Times" reported that China's "non-famous common cold dish"-shoot cucumber, swept New York this summer.Some Chinese people cheered "a successful export of Chinese culture" while cheering, because there was no lack of doubt.According to media disclosure The sauce used to mix cucumbers in New York is not traditional garlic sauce, but salad dressing and yogurt.In fact, the original cultural output should be there, but it is often a niche, which can quickly open up the difference in a short time.The cultural market is destined to be the makeover of "Chinese cucumber".This "mix and match" product that not only satisfies curiosity but also adapts to daily habits, can often show extraordinary circulation and produce unexpected cultural output..
The following options are inconsistent with the text
A.The "Chinese Cucumber Shooting" that Swept New York City Is Not the Original Chinese Culture
B.Cucumbers mixed with salad dressing and yogurt also belong to Chinese culture
C.Products that adapt to local habits often make it easier to open up intercultural markets in the short term
D.Chinese and Western "mix and match" products can also play a role in cultural output

b
The country finally issued a policy that emphasized the need to protect cultural relics.This is a good thing.After the two major shocks of revolution and construction, Chinese cultural relics are not much left.From the surface, China has become younger than the United States, and the city One is counted as one.It is even newer than New York.The buildings are all new.Reinforced concrete with enlarged glass, square streets, neon lights, every city is the same.Is there any cultural relic? Yes, they are in the museums of several central cities, in the hands of private collectors.However, the things there are no longer cultural relics, but goods that are out of a cultural background, just like Chinese cultural relics in the Metropolitan Museum of New York, just the value of viewing and auctioning.
What this text wants to illustrate is
A.Cultural relics are not antiques but antiques
B.The cultural value of cultural relics is eternal
C.Urban construction and cultural relics go hand in hand
D.Loss of cultural logistics is the pain of cultural relics protection in China

c
In 2014, the Korean drama "You from the Stars" hit the air in China, and the book "The Wonderful Journey of Edward" watched by the protagonist was sold out of stock.This kind of book-selling book is not alone.For example, in contrast to the film and television dramas in China, the most frequent scenes must be eating and meetings.Of course, literature and art are derived from life.If there is no option for reading in life, it is difficult to create editors if you have to show reading in the drama.
From this perspective, the number of reading lenses in film and television dramas also reflects a certain extent.
A.Appreciation preferences of film and television audiences
B.Value Orientation of Artistic Creation
C.Reading habits of the whole society
D.Cultural literacy of the public

a
A young man asked Jobs: Where does your wisdom come from? Jobs replied: from precise judgment.The young man asked again: Where does accurate judgment come from? Jobs replied: from the accumulation of experience.The young man asked again: where does your experience come from? Jobs answered sincerely: from countless wrong judgments.
The most inconsistent with the truth revealed by this story is:
A.Victory or defeat is a routine thing
B.Failure is the mother of success
C.Reality comes out of practice
D.Eat a bun, grow a wisdom

b
Studies have shown that there are more genes related to appearance than those in other parts of the human body.Very many genes are involved in the construction of the ever-changing appearance features of facial structure, hair, eyes, and skin color.Therefore, the human face has a clear genetic characteristic.However, genetic diversity is also limited, there are only so many people.At some point, people will have the same deck of cards in your hand.
This text is intended to explain
A.The richness of facial features comes from the diversity of genes
B.Human face collision is due to limited diversity of facial genes
C.Genetic characteristics of the face are more pronounced within family members
D.The ability to distinguish between individual appearances can benefit humans

b
In the 2015 film summer season, youth films have always been the highlights.The growth of youth films largely depends on the "precision delivery" of movie production to the audience.Statistics show that among the core moviegoers in China in 2014, "University undergraduate and tertiary" accounted for 81%, "Master and above" accounted for 10%, cumulatively more than 90%.It is this batch of post-80s and post-90s, which constitutes the most dynamic crowd in China.However, domestic production The quality level of the youth film and its "spring" in quantity may not match.In addition to the subsequent weak box office performance, the reputation of the youth film is also facing a decline.Whether it is from the understanding and expression of the "youth" reality, or From the emotion and logic inherent in the plot, most youth films perform poorly.
This text is intended to emphasize
A.Youth films have great market potential
B.Youth film quality does not meet market demand
C.There is a possibility that youth movies will go downhill
D.Youth film viewers are mainly college students

d
Recently, with the emergence of a number of highly alternative "emotional robots", making simple emotional interactions is no longer the biggest challenge in making emotional robots.The presentation of social problems such as empty nest elderly, autistic children and patients has made Vietnam more More and more businesses are optimistic about the future market of "interactive" and "accompanied" robots.However, the elderly living alone is unaccompanied, and the children are left unattended at home.They use robots to accompany the solution instead of increasing care and companionship for people.In the short term, scientists like the development of "cut-proof uniforms" to protect doctors may seem an exciting and good way, but this may cause people's emotional dislocations, social issues being disregarded, and ethics caused by further humanoid robots.Questions need to be considered in advance.
It can be inferred from this
A.I understand customers' needs for emotional robots
B.Focus on the "Companionship" function of emotional robots
C.Appreciate robotics that is constantly breaking the puzzle
D.Questioning the use of emotional robots to solve social problems

c
Where does Beijing come from? In his new book "Beijing-The Temple of Human Civilization", Wang Guanghao used the wisdom of an old archeologist to tell us about Beijing's earth veins, human veins, city veins, cultural veins and Qi veins.The geographical characteristics of Beijing, the long prehistoric age of Beijing, the sustained development of the early civilization, the progressive expansion of the imperial capital from scratch, the formation of a unified pattern of ethnic diversity, and the continuation of the traditional belief system.
This text is an introduction to an article, the next thing the article is most likely to tell is
A.Diversified integration of Beijing context
B.The ancient long distance of Beijing connections
C.What's special about Beijing Dimai
D.The heritage of Beijing's city

b
The Ministry of Education has recently issued 3 documents, including the "Measures for the Evaluation of Art Quality in Primary and Middle Schools (Trial)".Among them, it is clear that the indicator system for the evaluation of students' art quality is composed of basic indicators, academic indicators and development indicators.Among them, the basic indicators Course activities that should be attended on campus, and "extracurricular activities", one does not include the home art education that students receive, and the other does not include the art training organized by social art training institutions or individual trainers that students participate in.
It can be inferred that the following cannot be used as an item of "artistic quality evaluation".
A.Xiaohua, a sophomore, performs a dance in a community-military-civilian performance.
B.Yuanyuan was loved by her family and loved singing since she was a child.She was awarded the "Gold Award" in the "Star Art School" competition in her eighth grade.
C.The fifth grade Lili showed the art of paper cutting to Chinese and foreign guests at the "Folk Art Fair" in the city
D.Zhiqiang's school organized a collective visit to the "Famous Painting and Calligraphy Art Exhibition" of the Provincial Museum

b
Adversity can increase people's insights, improve their hearts and minds, and exercise their physique, so that a young man can take on the heavy responsibility of life and at the same time know how to enjoy life.This wealth is difficult for smooth sailors to obtain.
The most expressive meaning of this passage is:
A.Adverse talents
B.Setbacks make people grow
C.Poor children head early
D.Rainbow can only be seen after rain and wind

c
Porcelain was originally a vulgar object, a daily necessity, originally born from pottery.After thousands of years, it finally got rid of its original rough appearance, entered the room, and became a tasteful work of art.It is still used in daily life, and has not lost its secularity because it has become a valuable art work.Secular is the thick and huge artistic foundation of porcelain.On this basis, it has gradually climbed higher and higher, and the art is endless.The beauty is endless.It can be seen that Daya is contained in the vulgar, and there is no vulgarity, but the vulgar is actually one.
The paragraph is intended to emphasize:
A.Daily needs are the driving force for the development of porcelain art
B.The development of porcelain art has gone through a long process from vulgar to elegant
C.The interdependence and dialectical relationship between the customs and elegance of porcelain art
D.Crude household items have evolved into fine arts while still maintaining secularity

c
Literature has the role of propaganda, but propaganda cannot replace literature; literature has the role of education, but education cannot replace literature.Literary works can produce the effect of subtleness and shape the soul, and of course they can also do bad things that corrupt the soul, but both It is inseparable from the reader's life experience and the education they receive.Experience, environment, education, etc.are all accumulated in the reader's heart.They can resist the influence of the work and help the reader understand the work.The books are all "take what you need." Only through accumulation and continuous contact can you be affected and changed unknowingly.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The influence of literature is often subtle
B.The educational role of literature is often overlooked
C.The influence of literary works is influenced by the reader's background
D.The propaganda role of literary works does not occur naturally

d
Whether it constitutes plagiarism should be judged by combining subjective motivation and objective results: subjective intentional or unintentional, and whether there is a fraudulent component; objectively, whether you profit from it, or whether it harms the original author prematurely.When people follow this The standard once again looked at the "practice" of plagiarism from ancient times to the present.What kind of behavior should be condemned by public opinion is gradually becoming clear.For example, in the field of literary creation, as early as the 17th century, Shakespeare was once trapped in the "plagiarism gate".Many sentences are similar to the works of previous generations.The vast majority of people acquiesced to Shakespeare's "plagiarism", and even unswervingly regarded it as a literary master.This is because in his time, such reference was conducive to dissemination.Knowledge benefits the public without causing substantial harm or negligible harm to the original author.
The following statements are in line with the author's point of view:
A.Sentence similarity is an important criterion for determining whether it is plagiarism
B."Learning" for disseminating knowledge will be endorsed by readers
C.Limitations of the times prevent plagiarism from being clearly defined
D.Plagiarism that causes substantial harm to the original author can be condemned in certain times

a
As private power is increasingly valued, it is increasingly common for husbands and wives to establish each other's rights and obligations in a contractual manner.Most of these agreements have common characteristics, that is, the right to identity and property are closely integrated, and often belong to property interests As the final legal consequence of the agreement, modern marriages have become so fragile, and the Shanmeng oath has made people feel insecure, and people are more inclined to maintain the security of marriages in a contractual manner to protect their property rights after the marriage breaks down.
This passage mainly talks about the contract between couples in marriage:
A.Appearance
B.Conditions of existence
A.Main functions
D.Legal effect

a
After the financial crisis, many entrepreneurs in the United States have called for "return to manufacturing." The prescription for Meitu's "reindustrialization" is: Armed U.S.companies with artificial intelligence, robotics and digital manufacturing so that U.S.manufacturing can compete with China.Labor competition: China is likely to plan early to create new competitive advantages.
The following are the most suitable for this text title:
A.Robots challenge Made in China
B.U.S.returns to manufacturing
C.The US creates new competitive advantage
D.China's manufacturing outlook is worrying

c
The Octagonal Gold Cup, which is now collected in the Shaanxi Provincial Museum, is a relatively representative piece of the Tang Dynasty.It was excavated in 1970.This cup is a national first-class cultural relic, with a height of 6.4 cm, an extravagant octagonal corner, and a full circle.Between eight faces It is divided into renju-like patterns, decorated with embossed patterns such as clappers, blowpipes, and playing pipa.The figures are high-nose and deep-eyed, which is obviously the image of a western man of the time.In addition, there are honeysuckle patterns, curly grass patterns, and Decorative patterns such as mountains, birds, butterflies, etc.This cultural relic is of great help in studying social phenomena such as metal crafts, plastic arts, cultural exchanges, song and dance music, and clothing in the Tang Dynasty.
The following statements are inconsistent with the original:
A.Tang, Pipa and other musical instruments
B.At that time, there was a certain cultural exchange between the Western Regions and the Tang Dynasty.
C.The Eight-sided Golden Cup was a gift from the Tang Dynasty to the Western Regions
D.The eight faces of the gold cup are separated by a beaded pattern

b
A civilized society or a civilized city that values public morals and respects hygiene and courtesy cannot be established by a mass movement of "five stresses and four beauty" or the establishment of measures such as spitting fines.If every citizen does not have a sincere need, he believes that Speaking of public morals is closely related to their own interests.If there is no such consciousness of citizenship, no matter how harsh coercive means are, it will not help.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.Building a civilized society cannot rely on coercive measures
B.Citizenship is vital to building a civilized society
C.Public morals and private interest are equally important for building a civilized society
D.Participation in public affairs is an important way to build a civilized society

a
An investor focused on A.City and B.City.In A.City, he was sitting on the street and rubbing his shoes.The shoeshine first untied the laces of one of his shoes and waited until he paid.It was tied up.This detail made him have to doubt the moral standards of the citizens of the city-someone must have washed his shoes and ran away without paying.In B.City, he took a taxi 5 times, before getting off, 5 The drivers all reminded: sir, please bring your belongings.In the end, he set up the business in B.City, which caused 5,000 people to find jobs, and the tax department of B.City gets hundreds of millions of dollars each year.Taxes-this is the influence of a shoe shiner and several taxi drivers.
The text is intended to explain:
A.We each have our own influence
B.Investors will place more emphasis on the moral standards of residents
C.Human influence is stable, only careful people can discover
D.Someone's inadvertent behavior affects others' important decisions

a
As a companion to oil, the conditions for generating natural gas are more diverse than oil.Oil can only be generated in large quantities when it reaches a certain burial depth, while natural gas is available from shallow to deep.Shallow may be only a few hundred meters, and deep may have In terms of material sources, petroleum is mainly composed of organic matter that floats in the water, and natural gas can also have organic matter such as higher plants.For the cause, most of the current transfers in the geological sciences agree with the organic theory, saying that oil And natural gas are transformed from various organisms that died in ancient times.
What cannot be learned from this text is:
A.Oil is buried deeper than natural gas
B.Petroleum is mostly converted from aquatic organisms
C.Oil and gas are transformed by various organisms
D.Floating animal and plant organic matter is also a source of natural gas

d
In Hancock Park, located in the center of Los Angeles, there is a series of asphalt pits called "La Brea Asphalt Pits".For tens of thousands of years, natural asphalt has continuously emerged from underground cracks and formed in the park.Pond.The surface of this asphalt pond is often covered with a layer of water.Animals walk in to drink water, get trapped inside, and eventually drown.Other predators see the trapped animal and try to prey, but they are also trapped inside and unable to extricate themselves.They all turned into a pile of fossils and were preserved, thus forming an animal graveyard.
Which of the column statement is consistent with the original?
A.The animal graveyard was formed tens of thousands of years ago
B.Fossils in animal graves are formed by carnivores
C.The pond in Hancock Park is made of asphalt
D.The formation of animal graveyards originates from the structure of asphalt ponds

d
Many people think that cancer is a "modern disease" because "I have never heard of it before".Recently, there seems to be some research to support this view.Recently, a report by the British "Daily Mail" was introduced into the country, and It has attracted a lot of people's attention: through the research of mummy, the two scientists found that the ancients were cancer-free, and cancer was "artificial modern disease", and even said that "the death rate of humans has started to soar since the Industrial Revolution." People who know it will probably find this conclusion very weird."Human mortality" has always been 100%, and why it "surges".Various carcinogenic factors in nature, such as ultraviolet rays, environmental toxins, moldy foods, carcinogenic viruses, etc.It has been in existence since ancient times, but the research described in the report is real, and related papers have been published in the latest issue of the Natural Cancer Review.
the author thinks:
A.Cancer is closely related to industrialization
B.Cancer is increasing in modern people
C.Cancer should be blamed on environmental pollution
D.Cancer has existed since ancient times

c
In the age of the Internet, people have to share and communicate in the digital world because they have to prove their existence.But in fact, this desire for connection is not so much a treatment as a disease.It expresses our anxiety about the fear of loneliness, but it does not solve the problem.On the contrary, it isolates us from the outside world.At the same time, we have lost the ability to be alone.This kind of solitude can let us focus on thinking about problems, find ourselves, and When you find yourself, you can have a better connection with others.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Only you can find yourself
B.People are more afraid of loneliness in modern society
C.Learn to be alone or you will be more lonely
D.Modern digital media makes people lose their ability to be alone

a
In fact, just as the New Culture Movement cannot completely shake the strong position of Confucianism in Chinese culture, the current "injection of water" articles and the concept of Mantianfei will not completely kill the empirical spirit of Puxue in the Qing Dynasty.Great joy, nothingness, follow in the West The so-called heel manipulation of a few nouns will only produce a pile of text junk, which can neither stand for a long time, nor will it be inferior to the western academic community.On the contrary, if we do not discard our student tradition, we can do solid studies instead.Build a strong opponent in front of Westerners.
With this text, the main points the author wants to express are:
A.There is much to be done by sticking to our academic traditions
B.Floating academic atmosphere makes academic achievement difficult in China
C.China's traditional academic research can go hand in hand with the West
D.At the moment, academics should strengthen the empirical spirit of Puxue in the Qing Dynasty

d
A child picked up the stone and broke the window glass of the store.The child who did the wrong thing ran away, and the store owner considered himself unlucky and took out a sum of money to buy the glass and reinstall it; this time, the glass shop had a business And made a small amount of money; the owner of the glass shop used the money to buy bread at the bakery, and the bakery was working again; the owner of the bakery went to the farmer to buy a few pounds of flour ...just broke a glass, But it has led to the development of many industries in the society, and even created employment opportunities.This is really a great case of bad things becoming good things! This virtual case is exactly a famous theory in the economics-the theory of broken windows.
According to the broken window theory, the following statements are true:
A.According to the theory of broken windows, shattering glass helps socio-economic development
B.Money used to buy glass can also promote economic development through other channels
C.If the glass is not broken, the store owner may also actively change the glass
D.Loss of shattered glass and gains from glass sales have contributed to economic growth

b
When we say that Confucianism is moral supremacy of moral determinism, it is a kind of overall qualitative and evaluation on a macro level.The so-called "Zihanyanli" or "little man is Yuli" focuses on the human being as a moral existence, Beyond the "should" nature of existence and argue, what is rejected and scorned is "injustice, rich and expensive".Specific to the issue of people's livelihood, Confucianism is not talking about benefits, negating benefits, but advocating to benefit the people.Benefit the people and enrich the people; not that morality determines people's livelihood, but that people's livelihood determines morality.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.On people's livelihood, Confucianism advocates moral supremacy
B.The Confucian view of people's livelihood is not about morality but emphasis on people
C.Confucianism believes that morality and people's livelihood are not opposed, but promote each other
D.Confucianism believes that "profit" has different meanings in different historical periods

a
In contemporary China, due to the limitation of national power and the influence of traditional thinking, women have fewer opportunities and degrees of education than men, and housework and child care are mainly borne by women, which limits their mobility.Women have limited access to these major development resources It has far less possession than men, which further limits women's equal competition with men, widens the distance between them, and further expands the inequality between men and women.
What does the text mean?
A.In contemporary China, the biggest problem facing women is the further expansion of inequality between men and women.
B.In contemporary China, the biggest problem women face is that they have fewer opportunities and education than men.
C.The biggest problem women face in contemporary China is that housework and childcare restrict their mobility.
D.In contemporary China, the biggest problem women face is the influence of traditional thinking.

c
The publishing medium has the function of metabolism.It is constantly changing personnel, constantly obtaining material and energy from the outside world to maintain its own survival and development.With the process of metabolism, the publishing medium has derivatives, growth, growth, aging, death In the process of development or regeneration, in the development process of the publishing medium, it is also constantly innovating (mutating) on the basis of inheritance (heredity), so that the organizational form and publishing form of the publishing medium has undergone tremendous changes.
This text is intended to explain:
A.Publishing media have metabolic functions
B.Publishing media is constantly innovating in the process of development
C.Publishing media has the characteristics of a living body
D.Great changes have taken place in the organization of publishing media, publications, etc.

a
In recent years, with the continuous increase in the number of IT vendors, competition in the IT market has become increasingly fierce.For IT products, users must choose not only the product itself, but also the service; good service has become an important factor influencing user purchase decisions.Show: For high-tech products such as computers, users are willing to spend an additional 10% on the purchase of good-quality, homogeneous products.
The point expressed in this text is:
A.The after-sales service of IT products is important.
B.IT products are very serviceable.
C.IT products are highly specialized and have high technical requirements.
D.Users are willing to spend more on IT products.

a
Community commerce is the basis of urban commerce, an important carrier to meet the comprehensive consumption of residents, and accelerating the development of community commerce is an urgent requirement to improve the modernization and comprehensive competitiveness of urban commerce.Therefore, the development and improvement of commercial communities, The integration of systematicness, scientificity, and efficiency to build a modern community business network in China is an important measure to meet the daily needs of residents in the community and improve the quality of life of residents.
The main point of this passage is:
A.The construction of a modern community business network in China is to meet the needs of the daily life of community residents.
B.Accelerating the development of community commerce in China is an urgent requirement to improve the modernization and comprehensive competitiveness of urban commerce.
C.Community commerce is an important carrier to meet the comprehensive consumption of residents.
D.Community commerce is the foundation of urban commerce.

a
With the globalization of the world economy, marketization and information becoming an irresistible trend, the competition for cultural positions, especially youth cultural positions, is related to the rise and fall of the Chinese nation and the ruling status of the Communist Party of China.The overall situation of society and the height of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, a profound understanding of the strategic significance of strengthening the construction of youth culture, a firm grasp of the direction of advanced culture and the characteristics of the times, advancing with the times, adhere to Marxism-Leninism, Mao Zedong Thought, Deng Xiaoping Theory and " The important thinking of "Three Represents" guides youth culture construction.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Deep understanding of the strategic significance of strengthening youth cultural construction.
B.The competition for youth cultural positions is related to the ruling status of the Communist Party of China.
C.Youth culture construction holds the direction of advanced culture.
D.The struggle for youth cultural positions is related to the rise and fall of the Chinese nation.

d
Although many areas of today's international affairs are still subject to the number one superpower, the United States, on the issue of United Nations reform, because one country, one vote and a two-thirds majority can obtain reform plans to pass voting rules, this is objectively Africa, which is in a disadvantaged position, but holds nearly a quarter of the United Nations, has expressed its will and is in the midst of great powers, providing a once-in-a-lifetime historic opportunity.
The center of this text:
A.Africa holds nearly a quarter of the seats in the United Nations.
B.Many areas of international affairs today are still subject to the United States, the number one superpower.
C.The UN reform plan needs the approval of two-thirds of the member states before it can be adopted.
D.The United Nations voting rules provide an opportunity for Africa to fight for decision-making power on United Nations reform.

b
Of course, survival requires consumption, and consumption is the premise and basis, but life is not the purpose of consumption, and it is fundamental.Living is not for consumption and possession.Consumerism completely reverses the relationship between the rationality of consumption tools and the purpose of survival.It is tragic to use consumption as the goal and reduce survival to a means, thereby obscuring the value of human existence and causing the lack of a meaningful dimension of human consumption.
This passage can be seen:
A.The core issue of consumerism is the emphasis on consumption and possession.
B.The core problem of consumerism is to reverse the fundamental relationship between consumption and survival.
C.The core issue of consumerism is to emphasize the rationality of consumer tools.
D.The core problem of consumerism is to emphasize that consumption is the foundation of human survival and development.

c
Both scientific and philosophical thoughts are created by people and not served by people.People-oriented is the common starting point and common destination of both.It is because the main body of scientific and philosophical thoughts are always humans, so both of them are deeply rooted.From the day they were born to the present and in order, they both emit the light of human wisdom and the glory of human nature, which is the unity of science and humanity.The identity of the subject determines the scientific thinking and Philosophy has an inseparable close relationship.
The point that this passage seeks to make is:
A.Scientific thought and philosophy are the unity of science and humanity.
B.The subject of scientific thought and philosophy is always human.
C.The close relationship between scientific thought and philosophy is determined by the identity of the subject.
D.Scientific thought and philosophy are created and served by people.

c
No one doubts that humankind has entered the information age.In this unprecedented achievement, a new crisis has quietly emerged.The American thinker Thoreau once said: "We are eager to dig the Atlantic Tunnel.We expect the old and new continents to get closer.The latest news actually uploaded was that Prince Adlai yawned."The danger is here.
"Dangerous" in this text means:
A.Too much information spreads too fast, causing an unexpected crisis.
B.The excess of information reduces the quality of information and affects the close proximity of both parties.
C.The rapid dissemination of information makes it impossible for people to judge the essential difference between certain information.
D.The rapid dissemination of remaining information will likely obliterate the information that is not really valuable.

b
Shanghai's high-tech products exports are becoming a powerful booster in foreign trade.The latest statistics released by Shanghai Customs show that in the first three quarters of this year, Shanghai's cumulative exports of high-tech products reached 25.49 billion US dollars, an increase of 25.8 over the same period of the year %, Accounting for 38.1% of the city's total exports of various products, 10.6 percentage points higher than the national average.
The above changes in Shanghai's export commodities indicate:
A.Shanghai has the strength to compete with developed countries.
B.Shanghai's product export structure is further optimized.
C.Shanghai's foreign trade is in a surplus.
D.The quality of Shanghai's export goods has achieved a leap.

b
Paleontologists can rediscover the forgotten wisdom of our ancestors.For example, the Nabatans occupied the sinister Negev desert two thousand years ago, and they channeled rainwater from heavy rains that rarely occur in this area to irrigation canals and reservoirs.This method was used to rebuild ancient farms in the area, which now also produce high grain yields.
The term "method" in a paragraph refers to:
A.The Nabatas occupy the sinister Negev desert.
B.Nabatans build irrigation canals and cisterns.
C.Nabata irrigate with heavy rainwater.
D.Rebuilding ancient farms in this area.

c
In the micro world, neutrinos have always been a ubiquitous and elusive passerby.There are many ways to generate neutrinos, such as nuclear reactions inside stars, the explosion of supernovas, the collision of cosmic rays with the Earth's atmosphere, and even on Earth The decay of various materials such as rocks.Although it may be one of the most common particles in our universe, it is a human among elementary particles because of its strong penetrating power and almost no interaction with other materials.One of the least known.
One inaccurate understanding of "neutrinos" is:
A.Neutrinos are omnipresent in the microworld.
B.The nuclear reaction inside the constancy is one of the neutrino production pathways.
C.Neutrinos are the most common particles in our universe.
D.Humans know very little about neutrinos.

d
Cultural diversity is an objective existence.It involves the following basic identities: each civilization and culture is produced and developed in a specific geographical environment and a specific group of people.Respecting diversity is respecting cultural heterogeneity.Civilization and culture There is a difference in the development order, but there is no distinction between superiority and inferiority.They should all receive equal respect and common human protection.
What doesn't meet the above paragraph meaning:
A.Cultural diversity is objective.
B.Civilization and culture have specific development backgrounds.
C.There is a difference between the development of civilization and culture.
D.Culture is heterogeneous, civilization is not.

d
The so-called scientist's religious complex refers to scientists who believe in religion or have religious feelings, are full of respect and awe for religious belief, and have a positive attitude towards the meaning and value of religious belief.It should be noted that although some scientists also It shows respect and understanding for important phenomena and things in human life, and expresses a certain degree of affirmation of its meaning and value, but it takes a thorough rationalist or empirical attitude towards the universe and does not recognize the existence of transcendence.Such a scientist cannot be considered a religious complex.
From this text, it can be seen that the following cannot be regarded as scientists with religious complexes:
A.Religious or religious scientist.
B.A scientist who is full of respect and awe for religion
C.Scientists who are positive about the meaning and value of religious beliefs.
D.Scientists who have a thorough rationalistic or empirical attitude towards the universe, and do not recognize the existence of transcendence.

b
Because technological rationality created the capitalist machine production system and management system, people have to submit to the capitalist production system and management system and the exchange and self-interest principles stipulated by this system, and then adapt the exchange principle to the market economy.Treated as a virtue, and thus led to the prevalence of authoritarian ethical values.This contradiction in ethical values has led to the emergence and popularity of relativistic ethical values, which reflects the human being's Loss of personality and confusion and contradiction in values.
The main point of this passage is:
A.Technical rationality has created a capitalist machine production system and management system.
B.Technical rationality has caused the loss of human personality and the confusion of ethical values.
C.Technical rationality has led to the prevalence of authoritarian ethical values.
D.Technical rationality treats the exchange principle adapted to the market economy as a virtue.

a
In recent years, river runoff and total water resources in the southern region have increased, increasing by nearly 5%, while the amount of water resources in the northern region has decreased significantly.The Yellow River, Huaihe, Haihe and Liaohe regions are the most significant, and the total resources have decreased by 12%.According to the current normal needs, if the groundwater is not over-exploited, the country will lack nearly 40 billion cubic meters of water in normal years.
What does this passage mean?
A.In recent years, the national water shortage situation is still very serious
B.The total amount of water resources in northern China is significantly lower than in the south
C.China's water resources are unevenly distributed in the south and north
D.The total amount of water resources across the country is on the decline

c
Both Wang Dan and Kou Zhun were outstanding in the Northern Song Dynasty, and their prime ministers were also valued by Song Zhenzong.Once Wang Dan sent a document to Kou Zhun, the style was not the same.Kou Zhuanyu reported that Wang Dan was really General critics, and his staff was also punished accordingly.Soon, the document sent by Kou Zhun had a similar problem.Wang Dan only sent someone back to Kou Zhun, asking him to correct it before submitting it.Wang said Kou Zhun had the worst words, and Wang Dan said that Kou Zhun was basically a word of praise.Later, Kou Zhun was dismissed, and he asked Wang Dan in private to ask him to be an ambassador.Wang Dan still recommended it to Zhenzong.he.
This story explains ()
A.Wang Dan's work is public and private
B.Wang Dan's broad-minded and graceful
C.Wang Dan's work style contrasts with Kou Zhun
D.The conflict between Kou Zhun and Wang Dan is resolved by Wang Dan's disregard

c
Kuqa, Xinjiang is more than 2,000 kilometers from Dunhuang.In ancient times, the former belonged to a multi-ethnic settlement, while the latter was a Han-populated area.However, during the reconstruction and construction of Kuche County in 2007, a number of past The ancient tombs of the Han Dynasty have never been found in Xinjiang.They belong to the typical Chinese tombs of the Wei and Jin dynasties; in terms of construction methods, material specifications, style of carved bricks, unearthed relics, etc., and the Wei and Jin dynasty cemetery in Dunhuang, Gansu, discovered in recent years The tombs of the Sixteen Kingdoms period are particularly similar or even the same, and they are similar to the tombs of the same period in Hexi, Gansu.
What does the following statement agree with the original?
A.Han Chinese ancient tombs were first discovered in Kuche and Guo Huang in 2007
B.Chinese-style tombs in the Wei and Jin dynasties were more popular in Kuche
C.The form of Kuche tombs during the Wei and Jin dynasties was influenced by the Han culture
D.There are various tombs in Hexi area during the Wei and Jin period

a
The increase in hurricane intensity is closely related to the rise in ocean temperature.The latest research results should cause people to be vigilant.The extra heat in the ocean is made by humans.Opening or stepping on the throttle once may cause a huge hurricane to be born.
The correct understanding of this text is
A.Reducing energy consumption can reduce natural disasters
B.There will be no hurricanes when the ocean temperature is lowered
C.Human damage to nature leads to hurricanes
D.Hurricane intensity is inextricably linked to human activity

c
To help children learn computers, it is best for parents to learn to use computers first.This can not only recommend good software to children, but also effectively prevent children from using unhealthy software.It can also set a model for children to continuously learn and be aggressive.
The main meaning of this passage is?
A.Parents' use of computers can directly help children learn computers.
B.Children's computer learning needs the help of parents.
C.Parents learning to use computers have many benefits in helping children learn and grow.
D.Parents need to learn computers themselves to help their children learn computers.

b
Some experts believe that since the 1980s, toll roads that have been market-oriented through a variety of financing channels have indeed fundamentally improved China's traffic conditions.At the same time as the serious shortage of supplies, as soon as a large price has been paid, the high-priced highways that are currently installed throughout the country have become a hard constraint affecting the sustained, rapid, and healthy development of China's economy.
What does this text mean?
A.It is not wise to adopt market-oriented operation of highways
B.The healthy development of the economy needs to change the status of high tolls on highways
C.The use of market-based highway investment management systems has outweighed the benefits
D.Highway market operation is a necessary condition for improving China's transportation

b
Since the founding of New China, great achievements have been made in the study of Chinese modern history, but there are still some weak links and even blind spots.For example, the history of ordinary people, the history of ordinary people, including their ideas, behaviors, customs and habits, daily life Life, etc., did not attract enough attention.Our historical research should focus on the true stories of the people themselves.Only by telling the stories of the people clearly can it be a true modern history of China.
This passage is mainly about the study of modern Chinese history?
A.Achievements
B.Problems
C.Development trends
D.The key to breakthrough

d
TV channels are no longer scarce for people.The increasing number of TV channels has given viewers more choices.The audience's attention choice has become a scarce resource chased by TV media.
Which of the following topics is most likely caused by this passage? ?
A.It is not wise to adopt market-oriented operation of highways
B.The healthy development of the economy needs to change the status of high tolls on highways
C.The use of market-based highway investment management systems has outweighed the benefits
D.Highway market operation is a necessary condition for improving China's transportation

a
Provided that the city's education resources can be fairly distributed among different schools, there will be no difference between key schools and ordinary schools, and some teachers will not be "rich" because of excessive accumulation of education resources.With fair distribution among them, mountain village schools in remote areas can get more investment, then rural education will not be so difficult.
What does this text mainly talk about?
A.Fairness of educational resources
B.Polarization of teacher income
C.Regional disparity in the allocation of educational resources
D.Hierarchy of schools

a
Some genes make people generally happy or sad.
This sentence means:
A.In general, some genes make people happy and some genes make people sad
B.Some genes in general make people either happy or sad
C.Some genes make people both happy and sad
D.In general, what makes people feel happy and sad is the effect of some genes

b
The so-called genius, I understand that I do not succumb to external forces and act by my own nature.He always loves to realize the maximum value of himself in the initiative of the subject, and finds a beauty of creation, beauty of expression, self-pleasure and self-appreciation This beauty is mainly reflected in a primitive vitality, a selfless utilitarian self-appearance, a lack of success and fame in the customary sense, and a rebellion against the doctrine of the mean.Therefore, in the eyes of the world, genius is morbid and weird : For social structure and group order, genius is heresy and instability.The process of genius creation is a struggling process of repression and anti-repression, resistance and obedience, degeneration and sublimation.
The article explains the viewpoint of "genius" from different angles.Among them, the accurate one is:
A.Genius is unyielding to external forces and acts in his own nature.
B.Genius is a great creator, a morbid and weird one, a heresy and an unstable factor, and a product of contradictory wrestling.
C.Genius is a great creator, a morbid and weird one.
D.Genius acts by his nature, is a factor of heresy and instability, and a product of conflicting wrestling.

c
Lu Xun wrote with sorrow and indignation: "It is not the young who writes a commemoration for the elderly, but in the past thirty years, I have witnessed the blood of many young people, which have accumulated in layers, burying me so that I cannot breathe.What kind of world is it to be able to write a few sentences with such pen and ink, dig a small hole from the soil, and stubble by itself.
The inaccurate understanding of the term "stubbing" in the above is:
Reflecting Lu Xun's heroic resistance to the war, the selfless and fearless spirit of the past
Reflect Lu Xun's helplessness in writing articles to commemorate youth
Reflects that Mr.Lu Xun is in an extremely sinister and repressive environment
Reflect Mr.Lu Xun's sadness and spirit of fighting hard

a
A lawyer from a law firm in Shanghai said that netizens have copyright in their posts on the website.If they indicate "not to be intercepted" in their posts, other units or websites must not be intercepted.Otherwise, it is considered infringing.If there is no relevant statement in the post, according to relevant regulations, other units or websites can retransmit, but it is necessary to pay the manuscript, otherwise it will also be considered infringement,
The correct understanding of this text is:
Internet works protected by law
B.Online infringement is difficult to define
C.The website can repost any post
D.Compensation for online works is not well calculated

b
A market research company compared the expenditures of children's education and development costs in families in Shanghai, Beijing, and Guangzhou, and found that the cost of the children's education to the school in the three places was the lowest in Beijing; in other education, In terms of expenditure, the expenditure level of Shanghai families is significantly lower; in terms of overall levels, the pocket money that Shanghai children receive and the cost of living required by the parents are also lower than in Beijing.
From this text we can know that the Guangzhou family?
Less pocket money for children
B.The overall level of education expenditure for children is higher than in Shanghai
C.Spending levels on other education are between Beijing and Shanghai
D.The level of fees paid to the school for children's education is between Beijing and Shanghai

b
Human influenza virus mainly affects the receptor subtype alpha 2.6 of the nasal cavity and throat, while H5N1 virus usually affects the lower respiratory tract receptor subtype alpha 2.3.This difference makes it difficult for avian influenza virus to spread through saliva droplets.However, the latest genetic sequencing consequences have shown that the Turkish bird flu virus is more likely to bind to receptor subtype alpha 2.6.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Identification of different viruses
B.Increased infectivity of avian influenza virus
C.How does bird flu virus affect the human body
D.Differences between human and avian influenza viruses

c
Generally speaking, the total output value of the national economy is positively correlated with the sense of happiness.The more the per capita income, the happier people are.However, when the total output value per capita exceeds 8,000 US dollars, the correlation between the feeling of happiness and the economy is not obvious.According to the famous psychology According to Seligman's point of view, wealth only has a great impact on happiness when it is lacking.A particularly poor person will not feel happiness, but when wealth increases to a certain level, the correlation between wealth and happiness will be much smaller.Even among the top 100 in the Forbes list, with a worth of 125 million, they are only slightly happier than middle-income people.
The text is intended to explain:
A.There can be no happiness without wealth
B.Wealth and happiness are directly proportional
C.The more wealth there is, the less it is related to happiness
D.Billionaires are no happier than the middle class

c
There is always a pros and cons to doing one thing.There is almost nothing that is pros and cons."Huinanzi  Training on the Earth" says: "Everyone knows benefits and sickness, but only the sage knows the benefits and benefits.Ill also."It seems that the ancients have noticed the dialectical relationship of pros and cons.
Which of the following list is literary?
A.Things in real life are made up of pros and cons
B.Be good at analysis and strive for more benefits than disadvantages
C.Pros and cons are not absolute and can be transformed
D.We should strive for good and good

a
The microwave oven adapts to the needs of modern urbanized workers, and has become the new favorite of the kitchen for its fast, convenient and clean characteristics.It not only has the functions of steaming, cooking, stewing, simmering, etc., the instant heating also maintains the smell of food; especially Heating leftovers is more adapted to Chinese habits, although some people think it is a waste.
The main meaning of this passage is:
A.Microwave oven is a kitchen appliance adapted to the life of modern urban workers
B.Microwave ovens are more adapted to Chinese habits
C.Although a microwave oven is convenient, some people consider it a waste
D.Microwave ovens have good market prospects in China

b
All policies and regulations are not falling from the sky, so almost all the creators have experienced hardships.
This sentence emphasizes:
A.All policies and regulations are made by people
B.Pioneers will inevitably encounter many difficulties
C.Regulators must have sufficient wisdom and perseverance
D.Developing a new regulation is a creative job

c
To help children learn computers, it is best for parents to learn to use computers first.This can not only recommend software to children, but also effectively prevent children from using unhealthy software.It can also set a model for children to learn continuously and be aggressive.
The main meaning of this passage is:
A.Parents' use of computers can directly help children learn computers
B.Children's Computer Needs Parents' Help
C.Parents learn to use computers to help children learn and grow
D.Parents need to learn computers by helping their children learn computers

a
The monarchs must not disobey economic conditions at any time, and can never give orders to economic conditions.Whether it is political legislation or citizen legislation, it is only a requirement to indicate and record economic relations.
The main meaning of this passage is:
A.Legislation under the monarchy is restricted by socio-economic relations
B.Economic relations are hidden under the monarchy
C.Legislation under the monarchy is not a product of pure politics
D.If economic conditions do not permit any legislation

c
Lu Xun's knowledge of natural science is quite rich.This not only adds critical power to his essays, but also greatly enhances his infectivity.Lu Xun is very familiar with entomology, so he can pick the right insects for dissection.In the "Late Spring Chat" pointed out that "this fine-waisted bee is not only an ordinary killer, but also a very cruel killer, but also an anatomist with excellent knowledge and technology.A cheek on the neurosphere, anesthetized it into a semi-dead state, then "lays bee eggs on it", and slowly hatches its children, which vividly exposes the "trick" of the ruler's use of fools to harm the people.
The essay quotes the words from Lu Xun's essay.The purpose of the quotation is:
A.Explain that Lu Xun's knowledge of nature is quite rich
B.Explains that Lu Xun is very familiar with entomology, and can easily select and dissect it.
C.Explain that Lu Xun's use of natural science knowledge makes the essay more critical and appealing.
D.Explain that Lu Xun is good at exposing the crimes of the ruler's folly and harming the people.

a
If the city's education resources can be fairly distributed among different schools, then there will be no difference between key schools and ordinary schools, and there will not be some teachers who are "rich" because of the excessive accumulation of education resources.If education resources are in regions With fair distribution among them, mountain village schools in remote areas can get more input, then rural education will not be so difficult.
This text mainly talks about:
A.Fairness of educational resources
B.Polarization of teacher income
C.Regional disparity in the allocation of educational resources
D.Hierarchy of schools

b
If we want to understand and judge an author, we should know the opinions of his era on his type of works.These opinions are the material of the history of literary criticism in later generations, and at that time expressed a literary style.An artist always creates under certain social conditions.He always creates a certain literary style.This style affects his choice of subject matter, genre, and style, giving him opportunities, and also limiting his scope.
One misunderstanding of this passage:
A.The artist's creation was influenced by the prevailing climate
B.At the time, the influence of the atmosphere on the artist's creation was negative
C.To know an author, to know the opinions of his time on his type of work is necessary
D.The opinion of the era on his type of works reflects the literary atmosphere of his era

c
Experts believe that one of the reasons that causes some college students to find employment difficulties is that some college students will enter labor-oriented and operational positions.Employers need workers who have both theoretical knowledge and operational skills.What college students are missing now.
The most correct understanding of this passage is:
A.Employers need college students with theoretical knowledge
B.Employers need workers with operational skills
C.College students who have both theoretical knowledge and operational skills are favored by employers
D.Labor-oriented, operational positions are not suitable for college students

b
If a company is able to allow third parties to experiment with its products, then complementary innovations will emerge.
This sentence emphasizes that companies should pay attention to innovation:
A.Practicality
B.Openness
C.Continuity
D.Public interest

a
No matter what discipline it is, no matter what kind of human exploration, the empirical hypotheses and theories are of a certain value.This value is the wing of imagination, which not only guides people to open their minds, but also helps people in the end.Find ways and means to solve the problem.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Thoughts and Methods for Exploring Imagination
B.The problem of non-certification is not without value
C.Endless forces will eventually answer the question
D.Broad knowledge makes bold assumptions more reasonable

b
1 China's crude steel output this year was 480 million tons, reaching more than 36% of the world's crude steel output, and it is expected to reach 550 million tons next year.Traditional ironmaking technology will consume about 300 kilograms per ton of iron Coke.After the traditional ironmaking technology was replaced by the molten ironmaking method, which eliminated the coking process, China could smelt 165 million tons of coke each year, which is like quitting the steel giant.
"Quit smoking for the steel giant" in the text means:
A.Reduce steel production costs
B.Reducing pollutant emissions
C.Improving the quality of smelting steel
D.Improving the working environment of workers

c
2 From the "Three Kingdoms" to "The Romance of the Three Kingdoms", the story of the Three Kingdoms has been circulating for thousands of years.With the change of current events and worlds, various cultural resources of the people are constantly enriching it, so that the "Three Kingdoms" is different from other Historical books, The Romance of the Three Kingdoms is different from other literary classics.After folk interpretation and legends, it has been shaped as an open container that seems to house all understandings of life and feelings of history.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Origins between The Romance of the Three Kingdoms and The Romance of the Three Kingdoms
B.The Three Kingdoms is the common foundation of historical and literary classics
C.The story of the Three Kingdoms has a unique forming background and rich connotation
D.The distinctive features of history books and literature related to the story of the Three Kingdoms

a
3 The Adventures of Robinson Crusoe on Desert Island is not only as popular as ever, but it is also difficult to produce a similar theme in modern popular novels.The public's interest in reading has changed.Because it is difficult to convince people that there are still undiscovered, uninhabited desert islands.
This passage shows the author's point of view:
A.Readers prefer and accept credible contemporaries
B.No single form of the novel will interest all readers
C.Readers no longer want to change the lives they have now got rid of restrictions and regulations
D.The best popular reading should be to make the reader feel immersive

c
4 Some people say that learning classical Chinese texts is helpful to students' writing, not only has no bad influence, it is not "not literary and not plain", but it is very good; it is very good to embellish a little classical Chinese words and apply some classical Chinese syntax, it is very flavorful, listen to the tone, there is a lot This is a necessary taste, although it is not so clear.Of course, I do not deny that studying classical Chinese is helpful to the writing of vernacular to a certain extent, and it helps in two aspects: text and language, which can also be said to be a modern writer A criticism.Why can't these be learned from modern works, but also go to the old ancestors to ask for help?
The following is a correct understanding of the meaning of the underlined sentences in the text:
A.Modern writers should be criticized because they abuse classical words and have a bad influence
B.Modern works are not as good as ancient works in terms of text and language
C.To learn to write vernacular texts, you must ask for classical texts, explaining the shortcomings of some modern works
D.There is no taste in vernacular, although it is not explicitly stated, it is actually a criticism of them

d
5 How to beware of bicycle thieves? Don't talk about the 24-hour surveillance video.The camera often generates a large amount of image data.Even when theft is recorded, it is often ignored during playback.In the United Kingdom where surveillance video is very popular, more than 500,000 bicycles are stolen every year, of which only Less than 5% can return to the original owner.
This passage mainly states:
A.Bicycle theft detection rate is very low
B.Be more careful when playing back surveillance video
C.Bicycle theft is a very common crime
D.The use of surveillance video to prevent bicycle theft is not effective

b
Sixty-five years ago, in the second and second-grade elementary school hall at the entrance of Gaojing Hutong, Xizhimen Street, Beiping, there were two children with different personalities: a crooked child, born with restraint, timidity, and considering the appearance of stigma.Crying; a little bald child, born free and easy, strong, not able to express his power in it, was interrupted by the teacher, the pain caused the tears to twitch in his eyes, and he refused to drop a teardrop or beg for a while Because of this difference in endowments, I and Lao She have different ways of life.
The following statements are inconsistent:
A.The author speaks frankly about his childhood weaknesses
B.Different personality when he was a child, leading the author and Lao She to finally break up in the future
C.Different personalities greatly influence a person's choices throughout life
D.The author appreciates Lao She's tough and strong personality that is not easily revealed

b
7 The reasons that affect climate change in a region for a long period of time or in a certain period are numerous and complex.People have not yet been able to explain the impact of various factors on climate change.However, it can be asserted that even if human society develops to this day, in general, Natural factors are still the dominant factors affecting climate.Human activities are still not enough to affect the basic attributes of regional climates, and even less to cause huge climate changes such as glacial or interglacial periods.
The text mainly states:
A.The climate of a region is the result of a combination of factors
B.The basic attributes of the regional climate depend mainly on natural factors
C.Human activity is not enough to affect the climate of an area
D.Human understanding and analysis of climate influences is not enough

a
8 The exchange of folk ideas and formal ideas, especially those with broad social significance, cannot be simply understood as one-way.When researchers of the history of ideas find that some great ideas from great minds have a humble origin, sometimes they may feel that Embarrassment.If we allow any relatively stable society or culture as a whole, we will find that it is very difficult to draw a clear line between formal ideas and their corresponding folk ideas.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.The exchange of folk and formal ideas is complex
B.Some great thinkers are often influenced by folk thought
C.Researchers in the history of thought need to change their views on folk thought
D.Folk thought and formal thought together form a stable social culture

d
9 For Germans, the most difficult thing to buy a car is the decision-making process of which car to buy.It requires the car buyer to do it after market surveys and related consultations according to various factors such as their economic strength, preferences, uses, and styles.The final decision will naturally vary from person to person, and the length varies.But once the decision is made, from the time the car is purchased to the time the car is driven, if the car dealership is in stock, all procedures can be completed as soon as two days.Drive on the road.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The general process of German car purchase is relatively simple
B.Germans have more choice when buying a car
C.There are many factors influencing German car purchase decisions
D.Germans are very convenient for car-related procedures

d
The most tragic part of a teacher's teaching career is to stay in place and stay in the same place for five years or ten years.For this reason, teachers must carefully look for breakthroughs in continuous progress, even if they are in the "plateau" of teaching.To overcome the "plateau phenomenon", there must be new progress.Teachers must have the annual rings of the times, and they must keep up with the times.
The "plateau phenomenon" mentioned in the article mainly refers to teachers:
A.Slow updating of teaching methods
B.Teaching is difficult to improve
C.Difficult to surpass the level of seniors
D.It is difficult to surpass what you have already achieved

c
11 In the past, the development of the eastern region was facing a shortage of economy, developing products, developing production, and investing in projects.It is basically a short-term positioning, and there is a broad space for growth.At present, the development of the western region is facing a sharp drop in external demand and the slow growth in domestic demand.The trend of deflation is obvious, and the production capacity is relatively surplus.
According to this passage we can draw the view:
A.The joint development of the eastern and western regions can make the economy prosperous
B.The economic development difficulties in the eastern region are significantly smaller than in the western region
C.The connotation and model of economic development in the western region will be very different from those in the eastern region
D.The western development will directly affect the economic development of the eastern region, and the eastern economy needs to be repositioned

a
12 Annotations only remove the reading barriers encountered by readers in a certain place.It does not touch the pronunciation, does not speak other meanings and usages of words, and does not touch the sense of sentiment, sentiment, etc., which is not given to the reader.The whole content is only a one-sided vocabulary.Adding vocabulary to the brain for a long time, it is easy to develop a habit that students do not want to understand.
The main meaning of this text is:
A.Stress the disadvantages of annotations
B.Criticism is not comprehensive
C.Avoid reading books
D.Learn vocabulary comprehensively

b
The 1321 century is the century of the oceans.In the past few years, the world s powers have developed the characteristics of competition, competition and control of the oceans.The highlight of this is the march to the deep ocean.However, there is a hidden killer, and it will have a profound impact on the future global political landscape, military strategy and international relations.At the same time, controlling the deep sea will be decisive for winning land, air, and even space wars.
This text highlights:
A.Tenseness of "Deep Sea Battle"
B.Controlling the impact of the deep sea on future situations
C.Focus and Future Trends of "Deep Sea Strike"
D.Contests among world powers to control the deep sea

a
There are so few perfect things in the world of 14 people.It can even be said that they don't exist.There are many things in the world.It is precisely because of flaws that they become truly "perfect." It will magically produce a huge power, enough to shock our souls.So we should open our hearts, let our lives be free, and feel the perfect gifts that we lack.
The inaccurate understanding of this text is:
A.Things are rare
B.No gold is red, no man is perfect
C.Human sorrow and joy are inevitable
D.As long as you do your best, you don't need to care whether the result is perfect

a
15 The main way to achieve the goal of energy conservation and environmental protection while the economy is growing rapidly is to promote the development of energy conservation and emission reduction technologies.The development of energy conservation and emission reduction technologies has a strong external economy.The government's immediate priority is to promote the industrialization process of energy conservation and emission reduction and create the necessary market space for enterprises; to improve the government procurement system and intellectual property protection system, to build an effective incentive mechanism; to establish support priorities, Focus on basic research and common technology development.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Government's role in energy conservation and environmental protection
B.The key to energy saving and emission reduction lies in mobilizing the internal enthusiasm of the enterprise
C.Energy conservation and emission reduction require interaction between enterprises and governments to achieve
D.Achieving the goal of energy conservation and environmental protection must take the road of industrialization

b
16 Ritual and music culture is a great creation of pre-Qin Confucianism, unfortunately, it has been undergoing a process of being marginalized.Probably from the Han Dynasty, the ritual was interpreted unilaterally by the ruling class as a "prestige" that reflects hierarchical order, including The costumes, chariots, palace rooms, utensils, etc.of officials at different levels.As a result of this misreading, the Confucian etiquette has lost its leading position in the way of governing the country and is increasingly marginalized.Today, people even mention ancient etiquette.Immediately, I thought of the rigorous royal ceremonies, Voldemort's great civil and military officials, and the original meaning of rituals was increasingly forgotten.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.Call for attention to etiquette culture
B.Feelings of "li" being misread
C.Emphasize the importance of "li"
D.Describe the history of the "marriage" being marginalized

d
17 The increasing scale of modern enterprises has resulted in fewer and fewer direct connections between managers and those being managed.Managers of large enterprises today largely use reports to interact with their subordinates to obtain information.And management.
This passage supports the idea that the size of the business is increasing:
A.Causes tension between business managers and workers
B.Created a number of different classes in the enterprise
C.brings some better business management methods
D.Enable managers to evaluate the work of the managed person more objectively

a
18 As an architect, Laian is not the best.But as a person, he is undoubtedly very great.He always adheres to his principles and gives a noble soul a beautiful residence, even if it is subject to the greatest resistance.Also find a way to reach the other side of victory.
The following expressions are wrong:
A.Ryan's resistance comes from his not-so-good building talent
B.Greatness is to adhere to your principles even when you encounter difficulties
C.Ryan made a beautiful home for his soul
D.There are no amazing results in work and it does not prevent individuals from becoming great people

c
19 Scientists found that the rifting of the bottom of the ocean has never stopped.This discovery may answer a question that has attracted people's attention.The time of the earth every day is prolonged by 1/700 seconds compared to the previous day, that is, every year, one day is extended.0.5 seconds.According to this prediction, in another 200 million years, there will be only 250 days in a year.
The most accurate answer to "a question that has caused people's attention" is:
A.The rift in the bottom of the ocean expands and the Earth's running time is extended
B.Fissures at the bottom of the ocean extend, shortening Earth's operating time
C.The rift in the bottom of the ocean expands and the Earth's rotation slows down
D.Fissures at the bottom of the ocean expand and Earth's rotation speed accelerates

c
20 In the 1930s, Einstein once said that it is not enough to learn professional knowledge.It can only become a professional machine and cannot be a useful person for the harmonious development of society.Students are required to have a value on the principles of social ethics.It is the most basic to understand and produce profound perceptual knowledge, otherwise he cannot be a harmonious person, which shows that the concept of cultivating scientists is very important.How to implement this concept well is important to scientists They must have a strong sense of social responsibility.They are the elite of society and have the responsibility and obligation to drive the progress and development of society.
The gist of this text is:
A.Scientists should actively participate in the construction and development of society
B.The importance of moral education in the formation of scientific ideas
C.Cultivation of social responsibility should run through professional education
D.Talents should focus on the harmony of knowledge and morals

c
From the ancient Chinese literature, the word "rice" has appeared in the oracle bone inscriptions of the Shang Dynasty.In the Book of Songs, the word "rice" has been added.Before the Spring and Autumn Period, because of the small amount of rice planted in northern China, rice was classified as "grain, wheat, rice "; in the Song Dynasty, it was upgraded due to a large number of plantings, and the folk even spread the saying" Shuhu is cooked and the world is full "; in the Ming Dynasty, it was more like That said, rice has become the staple food of our country.
From this passage we can conclude:
A.Rice cultivation started in the Shang Dynasty
B.Rice is not produced in the North during the Spring and Autumn Period
C.Rice is the staple food of the Song Dynasty
D.Rice has long been one of the grains in ancient China

a
In recent years, under the pressure of uncertain economic development prospects and tight funding chains, most multinational companies (lacking) have begun to implement strategic shrinkage based on practical considerations, with the impact of the financial crisis in returning funds to them, at the same time, other multinationals Based on the judgment of the future, the company has increased the proportion of emerging markets and emerging industries in the strategy and seized the opportunity of the next prosperity.For example, since the international financial crisis, a multinational company has laid off thousands of employees worldwide.It provided 740 million euros of funds to develop new businesses in the Asia-Pacific region through various channels.
This text mainly states:
A.Multinational companies have adopted different strategies when responding to the financial crisis
B.Asia Pacific has become a focus in the global economic system
C.The financial crisis has forced many multinational companies to carry out a partial strategic contraction
D.Developing emerging markets and industries is a shortcut to economic recovery

a
The international financial and economic crisis and sovereign debt crisis have successively erupted, overshadowing the superiority of Western-styled capitalist formulation and forcing the international community to reflect on its disadvantages.At present, whether it is the high-welfare "Rhine model" admired in Europe or the completely free "Anglo" admired by the United States and Britain The "Skikson Model" is in trouble because of its inherent flaws.The various disadvantages caused by excessively indulgent Western economic and social systems have been exposed, causing global reflection.
What does this text mean?
A.The world should reflect on the failure of Western development models
B.The downside of western development models is overindulgence
C.Western development model begins to step down
D.Both mainstream western development models are outdated

d
47.The development of the Internet of Things in emerging industries is raging.In just a few years, the industrial scale of the Internet of Things has shown a compound annual growth rate of more than 30%.Intellectual property rights such as patents have provided strong support for the rapid rise of this rising industry.It is predicted that the scale of the global Internet of Things market will grow rapidly in the next few years.The size of China's Internet of Things market will reach 750 billion yuan in 2015, and the market prospects will far exceed those of computers, the Internet, and mobile communications.From the current patent applications in China, Judging from the current situation, the number of core technology patents and international patent applications filed through the Patent Cooperation Treaty is obviously insufficient.Therefore, industry experts have pointed out that the patent layout of China's Internet of Things industry needs to be accelerated.
What does not match the meaning of this text?
A.China's IoT market may exceed the computer market in the future
B.China's IoT industry is growing rapidly as a rising industry
C.The development of China's Internet of Things industry needs the support of independent intellectual property rights
D.China's IoT industry will develop into a pillar industry in China in the future

b
48.Haze weather caused by fine particles is more harmful to human health than sandstorms.Haze weather caused by fine particles is even more harmful to human health than sandstorms.Particles with a particle size of 10 microns or more will Blocked outside the human nose; particles with a particle size between 2.5 microns and 10 microns can enter the upper respiratory tract, but some can be discharged from the body through sputum, etc., and can also be blocked by the villi inside the nasal cavity, which is harmful to human health Relatively small; and fine particles with a particle size of fewer than 2.5 microns will enter the bronchi after inhaling the body, disturbing the gas exchange in the lungs, causing diseases including asthma, bronchitis and cardiovascular disease.These particles will also enter the blood, Among them, harmful gases, heavy metals, etc.are dissolved in the blood, which is more harmful to human health.
What does this text mean?
A.Heavy metals will be dissolved in the blood and endanger human health
B.Fine particles in haze weather are harmful to human health
C.Different effects of particles with different particle sizes on human health
D.The pathogenic mechanism of particles of different sizes in severe weather

b
49.The way to register for Weibo is very simple, as long as the viewer registers an e-mail address and sets a password, he can become a Weibo user.The requirements for writing a Weibo are not high: just write a few words to vent your emotions.So, As long as the user can type on a computer or send a text message on a mobile phone, he can post his emotions in a short and quick way.In addition, the interface setting method of Weibo makes it easier to browse the information, and the content of a Weibo is only equivalent.In two or three mobile phone text messages, it won't take long.In this era of excessive information and people's attention is severely divided, Weibo is more in line with the needs of people to read quickly.
What does not match the meaning of this text?
A.The threshold for using Weibo is low, and information release is simple and easy
B.The content of Weibo more caters to the reading needs of modern people
C.Users can use Weibo to vent their emotions
D.The setting of the Weibo interface is convenient for users to browse the information

a
50.The pollution caused by offshore oil development to the ocean is mainly manifested in the following: wastes generated during living, production and natural processes, and oily sewage is discharged into the ocean; accidents such as accidental oil spills, oil spills, blowouts, etc .; the greatest harm to the ocean Biological effects: Oil films and oil blocks can stick to a large number of fish eggs and juveniles, cause fish eggs to die, deformity of juvenile fish, and also cause fish and shrimp to produce oily odor.Adult fish and shellfish live in long-term pollution In the seawater, some harmful substances are accumulated in the body, which will endanger human health when entering the market and consumed by humans.To prevent pollution from offshore oil development, we must start by stepping up technological innovation and raising the environmental awareness of offshore oil development workers.
Which of the character this text does not mention about offshore oil development?
A.Pollution status
B.Environmental awareness
C.Pollution performance
D.Object of harm

b
22.When we say that Confucianism is the supremacy of morality or moral determinism, it is a kind of overall qualitative and evaluation on the macro level.Existence, beyond the "should" nature of existence, stand out, what is rejected and scorned is "injustice, rich, and expensive." Regarding issues related to people's livelihood, Confucianism does not say anything about benefits, negates benefits, but advocates letting benefits People, benefit the people and enrich the people; not that morality determines people's livelihood, but that people's livelihood determines morality.
According to this text, is the following statement correct?
A.Confucianism believes that "profit" has different meanings in different historical periods
B.The Confucian view of people's livelihood is not about morality but emphasis on people
C.Confucianism believes that morality and people's livelihood are not opposed, but promote each other
D.On people's livelihood, Confucianism advocates moral supremacy

c
The confession arbitrariness rule means that only true statements based on the free will of a criminal suspect, confessing guilt, have the power of evidence.
According to the above definition, what are the following practices that comply with the confession arbitrariness rule?
A.Interrogation should be suspended to avoid false statements
B.The guilty statement of the suspect must be consistent with the collected evidence
C.The criminal suspect claims that he is not guilty and can not bear the burden of proof
D.Condition of light punishment in exchange for a guilty plea of criminal suspect

d
Policy loss refers to the loss caused by the state price limit in the process of producing and operating a certain commodity in order to ensure the coordinated development of the national economy and the stability of people's lives.Such losses are reasonably compensated by the financial department after review.
According to the above definition, what are the following policy losses?
A.In 2012, the direct subsidy for a certain grain increased to 120 yuan per mu, and the subsidy funds will be distributed to the grain farmers through the "Provincial Finance Agriculture-related Subsidy One Pass" to compensate the farmers for the increased grain cost.
B.The state has issued a policy to increase the minimum wheat purchase protection price.A grain and oil company snapped up wheat in order to explore the market, and sold a large amount of flour below the market price, resulting in losses.
C.In order to achieve the goal of agricultural modernization, the government increased its capital investment in agricultural production and transformation.Under this situation, an agricultural machinery company expanded its production scale and caused losses, and received tax refund compensation.
D.Grain purchase and sales enterprises in a county in the process of operating parity grain and oil regulated by the government, due to high national grain protection prices but low sales prices of grain and oil products, resulting in a fixed subsidy

a
Reverse service is after the product (service) is sold, the company provides customers with services to realize the value of the product (service).
According to the above definitions, what are the following are not reverse services?
A.A telecom operator launched a preferential activity of "send phone calls to mobile phones"
B.An air conditioner manufacturer provides customers with free on-site repair services for life
C.An online store can offer free returns and exchanges within 7 days after the sale of goods
D.A car 4S shop provides customers with second-hand car valuation and transfer services

d
The psychological contract refers to the implicit responsibilities and expectations of the two parties between the individual and the organization that is not expressly stipulated.
According to the above definition, what are the following measures to establish a psychological contract?
A.In order to increase employee motivation, the best monthly performers can enjoy double pay
B.To resolve employee worries, sign lifetime contracts with outstanding employees
C.In order to attract outstanding talents, promise to provide employees with interest-free loans for housing purchases
D.Combining the company's development blueprint to provide employees with career design

b
Freelance mode refers to the conversion of some people's wisdom, knowledge, abilities, and experience into actual gains through the Internet.They solve problems in science, technology, work, work, and learning on the Internet to allow knowledge, experience, and skills Generate economic value.
Based on the above definitions, which of the following is a freelance model?
A.A non-profit website set up by a college student to answer primary and secondary school students' free questions has been well received by students and parents.A local educational institution sponsored the expansion of this website to help more students
B.An IT technician started a small company in his spare time, mainly helping others repair computers remotely on the network
C.A college graduate opened a clothing store on a B.2C.Website, using his network of resources to make the online store quickly profitable
D.The photographic work on a film artist's personal website attracted a large number of netizens to browse and forward it.Later, the photographer relied on publishing photographic equipment ads on the website to bring a lot of income.

a
Evaporative cooling refers to the fact that a liquid absorbs heat during the process of evaporation into a gas, thereby reducing the surrounding temperature to achieve a cooling effect.Evaporative cooling effect refers to the value of a group in a social group composed of people with the same purpose or similar interests.The overall temperature is similar.When higher value members leave the community, the average value of the community itself will decrease.
According to the above definition, what are the following evaporative cooling effects?
A.After the head of a hip-hop club of a college graduated and left school, the club did not get a better place in the hip-hop competition.
B.A singer of a well-known pop music singing group died unexpectedly, and a large number of fans believe that the singer's departure caused the group's overall singing level to be greatly reduced.
C.Some teachers of an educational institution left the institution to start their own education company, making the situation of the institution's competition in the market more severe
D.The number of film review groups on a social networking site was small at the beginning and the quality of film reviews was high.Later, a large number of people joined this group to upload film reviews, which reduced the overall quality of film reviews here.

b
The survey shows that 59.4% of the public feel that the current phenomenon of "reverse elimination" is widespread, and 18.8% of them feel "very much." The so-called "reverse elimination", in short, means that bad elimination is good, and inferior elimination is of high quality.Outstanding, mediocre elimination and other phenomena.
According to the above definition, what is the following is the phenomenon of reverse elimination?
A.A company has a leading satellite phone technology with high voice quality and wide coverage, but the maintenance cost of the technology is high.Later the company failed to make ends meet and declared bankruptcy
B.Some expensive cough medicines on the market are not as effective as the commonly used medicines at low prices, but in fact the commonly used medicines have a small market share
C.Many companies have people who complain about their work.As a result, any company who has complained about their work must be more successful than a company without such people.
D.A graduated from a prestigious university and B who graduated from an ordinary university entered a well-known international company at the same time, but A has not been promoted, but B has gradually been recognized by the company.

d
Agricultural subsidies usually refer to the financial or financial support provided by the government of a country's agricultural product producers or operators, including cash subsidies, price support or other preferential policies to make its agricultural products in the international, domestic market and Gain a competitive advantage over similar subsidized products.
According to the above definition, what are the following agricultural subsidies?
A.In order to stabilize the price of agricultural products, in addition to the reduction and exemption policy of the stall rent of the farmers' market operators, a city government also stipulates that if the stall rent is lower than the specified amount, the operator can be granted a subsidy ranging from 10% to 40%.
B.In the market of country A.the government purchases corn grown by farmers at a price higher than the international market, and sells it at a low price to encourage farmers to plant corn.A company in the country uses corn as the main feed to cultivate broiler chickens, and then exports it to country B in large quantities.
C.Area A is mainly grassland, and the grassland is degraded due to overgrazing.According to the situation in the area, the national government grants herders 8 to 10 years of subsidies and asks them to reduce the livestock and livestock raised, which leads to higher prices of beef and lamb in the market Up
D.The government of a country matches the farmers and the Rice Research Institute, so that farmers in the country plant new varieties of rice.The quality and yield of this type of rice has been greatly improved, making the country's rice export prices almost the same as those on the international market.

c
The traditional view is that although the depleted uranium used to make depleted uranium bombs is low in time, it can still cause damage to human chromosomes, which can cause tumors or cancer.However, in a recent study, researchers reported that veterans who had been exposed to depleted uranium bombs were discharged.The blood cells of the veterans have been studied.So far, no chromosome breaks and duplications have been detected, and no negative health effects caused by exposure to depleted uranium bombs have been found.Therefore, relevant researchers believe that low-depleted uranium depleted bombs will not be harmful to human health.Make an impact.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken a researcher's conclusion? ?
A.Residents of a certain place have filed a lawsuit with the court, claiming that the country's military test of depleted uranium bombs has affected the health of the residents of the place
B.Many image experts in the world are working to solve the radioactivity problem of depleted uranium bombs
C.Data show that offspring of these veterans have a higher rate of birth defects than normal
D.People who have not been exposed to depleted uranium bombs can also have tumors or cancer

d
There are more than 130 infant formula manufacturers in China, while there are only 4 companies in the United States.In contrast, the number of infant formula children in the United States eating formula is much higher than in China."Imagine if there were only 4 companies producing formula Enterprises will cherish their brand value and continuously strengthen their awareness of food safety.Any possible food safety risks are intolerable by the enterprises themselves.It is unthinkable that problems such as melamine occur."
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken this view? ?
A.There are too many companies producing infant formula in our country, and brand value is not important to companies, so these companies dare to add melamine to milk powder
B.There are more than 90 manufacturers of infant formula in a country, and most of them have not detected melamine in their formula.
C.A company is a well-known manufacturer of dairy products in China.Its brand value is very high, but melamine was found in the dairy products it produced.
D.A company is a well-known manufacturer of infant formula in the United States, and found melamine in a brand of formula that they produced.

a
Scientists believe that dreams are the result of the combined action of various central points in the brain that are responsible for various functions of the human body.Some people's brain cells are still active during sleep, which is the basis of dreams.Recent research results have confirmed that dreaming is not only not It affects people's sleep and health, and is one of the physiological activities necessary to protect the health of the brain.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above conclusion? ?
A.According to the questionnaire analysis, people who have not dreamed for a long time need longer sleep than regular dreamers, and half of them still feel tired after resting
B.In the experiment, when the sleeper appeared the dreaming brain waves, they immediately blocked them, and found that the subjects' blood pressure and body temperature increased significantly.
C.In the study, subjects who were disturbed by dreams appeared anxious, easily stressed, and had short-term memory impairments after waking up
D.Surveys show that subjects who can fully describe dreams are faster at work and more efficient than forgetful dreamers.

d
The researchers completed two memory experiments.In the first experiment, the participants learned 40 groups of words.In the second experiment, the participants learned a series of finger signals.In both experiments, only half of the participants were told that they would be tested after 10 hours.All the participants on the test will be tested.Only a part of the participants will take a nap between learning and testing.It turns out that the participants in the sleeping group perform better than those who do not sleep; the participants who were told to test in advance The test scores were also high, so researchers believe that sleep helps the brain store memory information that will be useful in the future.
If the following are true, what is the most rebuttable conclusion?
A.The participants in Experiment 1 are all young people with good memory and studying in a language major.
B.Some participants who were told to take the test did not fall asleep when they were napping, and they unconsciously reviewed what they had learned in their brains
C.Participants who arrange napping time are younger teenagers, and it is well known that people have better memory in their teenage years
D.Some of the participants who took a nap in Experiment 2 took the test with a relaxed attitude and achieved good results.

b
.A unit will evaluate all employees at the end of the year, and there are 5 awards, including the best professional award, the best creative award, the best collaboration award, the best writing award, and the annual star award.After the annual star award, you can no longer select the best creative award and the best professional award; if you select the collaboration award, you can no longer receive the writing award; if you select the professional award, you can no longer receive the collaboration award.Each person can get up to two Awards.The General Division has a total of 3 employees, including all the awards, each of whom has won, but the awards are different.It is known that Employee A received the Star Award, and some of the employees B and C received the Writing Award.
It follows that the following guess must be correct?
A.If B wins the writing award, he also receives a professional award
B.If B wins the collaboration award, B and C each receive two awards
C.If B wins the Writing Award and the Creativity Award, then A must receive only one award
D.If C wins the collaboration award, then B must not win the professional award

c
.All wars and confusions occur when there is no negotiation, when it is unreasonable to speak, and reasoning and negotiation are inseparable from language.However, where there is no language, there is automatic reasoning.Where there is language, there must be freedom.Make sense.
Can it be launched from this?
A.All wars and chaos occur because there is no freedom
B.Not all wars and chaos occur when negotiation is unreasonable and unreasonable
C.Without freedom and reason, war and chaos may occur
D.Where there is language and freedom, there is no war

c
Scientists have found that childhood exposure to bacteria and germs is one of the main reasons for the dramatic increase in diabetes cases in people under the age of 5 in recent years, and that children living in rural areas have more opportunities to interact with bacteria because of earlier exposure Pets get along with allergies, asthma, and eczema, and the chances of getting rid of them are very low, so an environment that destroys bacteria too thoroughly may actually harm children's health.
Which of the following, if true, would strongly support the above conclusion? ?
A.Newborn baby's body and body are sterile, but after starting to drink milk and drinking water, the bacteria will take the opportunity to enter the body
B.Bacteria on human skin mostly protect and create a unique body odor for everyone
C.Most bacteria are good for your health, and people's health and longevity cannot be separated from normal flora.
D.Many harmful bacteria are usually safe with the human body.When the body's immunity decreases, the bacteria begin to invade the human body.

d
The wealthy generation of Chinese parents are still in the "primary stage" of family education.They are accustomed to satisfying material desires and "snatch away" with money to help their children "win at the starting line." Willing to let go to express your love for children and the importance of education.Happiness is really simple for a simple child.Caring parents do n’t have so many expectations and requirements, letting go of their anxiety, not so much Mostly resentment about society, system, others, simply stay with children, create a safer environment for them, and spend a happy and beautiful day together.
Can it be launched from this?
A.Caring for children will bring them more happiness than money
B.Letting children "win at the starting line" is a wrong idea
C.Satisfying the child's material desires is also a way to love children
D.Children want their parents to accompany rather than send them to cram school

b
Humans have long known the defensive effects of the city walls.From ancient to modern times, I do n’t know how many offensive and defensive battles have been staged.When the Mongols began to conquer the world, the nomadic cavalry regiments who were good at the field were helpless against siege.I quickly mastered the siege tactics and integrated the siege weapons from various places to achieve a good effect.Many sturdy towns were destroyed.Those thin walls in Europe at that time could not resist the Mongolians at all.Attacks, especially by the Mongols, began to use a variety of powerful firearms, which were even more destructive.Since then, due to the improved firepower of artillery, the role of city walls has gradually disappeared from human history.
The text is intended to explain:
A.How the Mongolian Corps conquered Europe
B.How the city wall exited the stage of history
C.How the firearms played a role in the siege
D.How the Mongolian Nomadic Regiment adjusted its tactics

b
In the past 20 years, the relative positions of the BRICS countries and the developed countries in Europe and the United States have undergone rapid and tremendous changes.It is necessary to emphasize not only "rapid" and "huge", but also to "according to the same" because the The rise has followed very different development strategies, and the growth models are different.Except for the synchronization of time, the economic miracles of the BRICS countries have little in common.If the "BRICS" miracles really do, I am afraid that the most accurate conclusion should be that these countries have tested their ancient truths that "all roads lead to Rome" with their own success, proving that emerging economies can rise by their own power and catch up with the West.world.
The text is intended to explain:
A.BRIC countries should establish a fixed consultation mechanism
B.Every country has the right to choose its own development path
C.Emerging economies show strength to make the world look amazing
D.BRICS countries have very different development models

a
A TV news, advertising program, people can remember and recall more information than those who watch the TV program itself; you despise the value principle of a magazine, you can still read it with interest, if this happens on TV shows, You can't stand it and change the channel quickly.In this case, we will not spend time on disagreeing views, it is unlikely to reflect, and in fact, everything will be questioned more rarely.Looking at the two written records together, it is easy to find inconsistencies, and even to discern the difference in authority between the information.Comparing the two video reports is more troublesome.It is required to add from two conflicting television reports.When choosing, viewers must rely on their intuition personally and on what they believe before watching.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Reading text is more conducive to thinking than watching TV
B.The way information is received affects people's behavior
C.Television can lead to wrong values
D.People who like to read are more calm than those who like to watch TV

b
Asian countries have shot the global depression in recent years, the main reason is that it has not been involved in the 2008 financial crisis.However, a recent survey showed that Asian debt levels are growing at a terrible rate.In some ways There are some reasonable reasons for this.The ultra-low interest rate policies of many countries encourage loans, and debt growth is a natural product of wealth growth.But it is worthwhile to note that Asian countries need to rely on larger debt scales to maintain economic growth.This signal It shows that the economic health of Asia is not as good as the growth rate of GD.P reflects.Asia's current debt level is generally lower than Europe and is still in a safe range, but the rapid growth of debt will make the economy more vulnerable to shocks .
The text is intended to explain:
A.Lack of staying power for economic growth in Asian countries
B.Asian countries need to be alert to falling into debt crisis
C.Endless troubles after blindly pursuing the growth rate of GD.P
D.Fully understand the advantages and disadvantages of ultra-low interest loan policies

b
As people's lives and work progress into high-rise buildings, people have less exposure to sunlight.Studies have found that sunlight is a necessary condition for the synthesis of vitamin D.Vitamin D.is a key factor that promotes calcium absorption.Some people have concluded that : Modern people are more susceptible to diseases caused by calcium deficiency, such as osteoporosis.
Which of the following is true and the above conclusions can be most questioned?
A.Patients with osteoporosis can be relieved or cured by exposure to the sun
B.Calcium-containing foods in modern diets are much richer than before
C.Oral vitamin D.Tablets are synthetic formulas with absorption enhancers
D.Patients with osteoporosis are exposed to sunlight for the same length of time as others

a
A survey of software users shows that a software is usually used by 1,000 users.If a software is downloaded and installed 55 times a day, the popularity of this software will increase rapidly, with a maximum of 12 million users.It is based on the behavior of other users to choose to install this software, and rarely pay attention to its inherent characteristics.
According to the above description, it can be inferred:
A.The most popular software on the website is not necessarily the most useful software
B.It is not wise to refer to other people choosing to install software
C.Not all software launched on the website is useful
D.Some software installed by the user may be deleted

a
A new study finds that short-term intake of high-fat foods is good for the heart.Researchers artificially induced ischemic heart injury in mice later in the experiment, similar to what happens in a human heart attack.They found that eating high-fat foods for 24 hours, 1 Heart tissue damage at week 2 and week 2 was 70% lighter than rats who ate high-fat foods at 6 weeks and "vegetarian" mice.The researchers believe this is because short-term intake of high-fat foods can increase heart muscle energy And strengthen the ability to resist damage.They believe that short-term intake of a high-fat diet may protect heart function.
Which of the following is true and best supports the conclusion of the problem?
A.If the rats are allowed to "eat a day" and then change to "vegan", their heart's ability to resist damage is stronger than the rats that "vegan" from the beginning.
B.High-fat foods can enable the body to obtain the substances and energy necessary for activities such as metabolism
C.Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol contained in high-fat foods is an indispensable substance for the human body
D.To reduce the risk of heart disease, pay attention to a balanced diet and proper intake of fats and cholesterol

d
.R Hospital topped the list in the "My Most Satisfied Hospital" survey held in C.City for 5 consecutive years.The person in charge of the hospital said that this is because the hospital provided better guidance services than other hospitals.
Which of the following is true and best supports the opinion of the person in charge of the hospital?
The major hospitals in A.C.have invested a lot of energy in the guidance service to try to improve the quality of the guidance service
B.C.'s "My Most Satisfied Hospital" survey has been launched for 20 years, and the highest ranked are public hospitals
There are more than 200 hospitals in C.C., not all of them participated in the survey
D.It is comparable to the medical level of R hospital, but the ranking of poor guidance services is not as good as that of R hospital

b
During the period when the Earth's tectonic activity was frequent, new marine basins around Africa, South America and Europe began to expand, creating new space, a large amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere reacted with photosynthetic organisms, and the dead organisms were subsequently buried in the bottom sediment In the formation of shale rich in carbon, carbon in the atmosphere is fixed, which reduces the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, reduces the greenhouse effect and lowers global temperature, which is a very serious consequence for marine life.Therefore, scientists believe that the consequences of global cooling or warming are equally serious.
Which of the following is true and best supports a scientist's diagnosis?
A.200 years after global cooling, due to frequent volcanic eruptions, the carbon solidified in the rock leaves returned to the atmosphere in the form of carbon dioxide, which partially restored the greenhouse effect.
B.Global warming will lead to an ecological crisis in marine life, and scientists have found that during the period of global cooling 260,000 years ago, marine life experienced a similar crisis
C.Large-scale and long-term natural changes, or huge changes in the global greenhouse effect in the short term due to human activities, have an impact on the entire system
D.Scientists have observed that climate cooling has occurred over millions of years, not decades or hundreds of years, which is difficult to associate with our rapidly changing modern climate conditions

a
Four brothers and sisters, A.B, C, D, A said: Ding is the youngest sister.B said: There is only a brother and a boy among the brothers and sisters, and C said: I am A's sister.
If all of the above are true, the following inferences are true:
A.A ranks second and is a boy; B ranks third and is a girl
B.B is ranked second and is a girl; C is ranked first and is a girl
C.C ranks second and is a girl; D ranks smallest and is a girl
D.A ranks second and is a girl; C ranks first and is a girl

b
Researchers believe that obesity is related to the parasitism of certain microorganisms that can produce specific gases in the human body.These microorganisms make the breath they exhale more unpleasant.The CS Medical Center in Los Angeles, California analyzed the breath of 792 physical examiners and found that exhaled methane The person with the highest hydrogen has a height and body mass index (B.MI) that is 2.4 points higher than that of normal people, that is, they are obese.
Cannot be inferred from the above description:
A.Fatty people may be parasitic in certain gas-producing microorganisms
B.Whether the breather is obese can be determined by whether the gas is bad
C.People with high methane and hydrogen content in exhaled breath are fatter than normal people
D.The mixture of methane and hydrogen tastes bad

d
Low-calorie food refers to foods containing less carbohydrates such as starch and sugars.By eating low-calorie foods, you can effectively control energy intake and prevent excess energy from being stored in the body in the form of fat.Heavier people can switch to low-calorie foods to maintain their fullness and achieve weight loss.In addition, many people believe that low-calorie foods are also very beneficial for people with diabetes.
Which of the following is true and best supports the above inference?
A.Changing to low-calorie foods needs to be carried out gradually, otherwise it will cause metabolic disorders in the body
B.Low-calorie foods can reduce the weight of people who are overweight or diabetic, but need to be supplemented with other nutrients
C.Low-calorie food can appropriately increase the amount of food to satisfy satiety and enjoy the pleasure of fullness
D.Studies show that a low-calorie diet can reduce the deposition of fat in the abdominal cavity and restore insulin secretion

a
In the field of computer network communications, a firewall is a device that helps ensure the security of information.It will allow or restrict the transmission of data in accordance with specific rules.Xiao Zhang installed firewall software on his computer.
The following statements are correct:
A.Firewall software may prevent Xiao Zhang's computer from accessing specific web sites
B.The firewall software may cause Xiao Zhang to be unable to access the documents stored on the hard disk of his computer
C.Firewall software makes Xiao Zhang not easy to be deceived by false advertisements when shopping online
D.Firewall software allows Xiao Zhang to disguise his gender and name when chatting with strange netizens

a
Artificial intelligence refers to the intelligence displayed by artificially manufactured systems.The core problems of artificial intelligence include reasoning, knowledge, planning, learning, communication, perception, ability to move and manipulate objects, etc.
The various technological breakthroughs described in the following discussion are not related to artificial intelligence:
A.Scientists use the number theorem proving program to prove 38 theorems in Chapter 2 of the book "Principles of Mathematics"
B.Chinese chess program can learn new tactics based on previous chess games when man-machine game, so as to avoid failure due to similar errors
C.The latest TV set bought by Xiao Zhang's home can automatically adjust the screen brightness according to the ambient light around the TV.
D.There is a mobile phone software called siri, which uses natural language processing technology to enable users to interact with the phone using natural dialogue

a
After Malaysia Airlines flight MH730 disappeared, the INMARSAT crew calculated the whereabouts of the missing flight using the Doppler principle.The Doppler principle is derived from such a physical phenomenon (Doppler effect): As the aircraft approaches at high speed ( (Or away) satellites that receive microwave signals, the microwave frequencies detected by the satellites will become higher (or lower).
Which of the phenomena described below reflects the same Doppler effect?
A.People standing near the railroad tracks hear the whistle of a train coming from far away and into the highway at high speed.
B.A beam of natural light enters the prism, and when it is emitted, it is broken down into different colors
C.A small pebble is thrown into the calm lake water, and the ripples spread in a circle and gradually spread to the surroundings
D.During the solar eclipse, the existence of sunspots was observed

b
Modern Chinese medicine uses the physical examination methods of western medicine to improve the diagnostic accuracy of the traditional "look-smell-question-cut-place" diagnosis.
Such optimization belongs to:
A.Duration optimization
B.Technical optimization
C.Cost optimization
D.Process optimization

a
In ancient China, the secrecy of official documents can be traced back to the Xia Dynasty.According to historical records, Tai Shiling has "maps" (that is, important national records and archives of the country) "official collection"; during the Shang Dynasty, the history of keeping Tibetans was established An official position, responsible for keeping official government documents and books; the Zhou Dynasty inherited the tradition of the Shang Dynasty and collected the original documents in Tianfu, the earliest central archives institution in China's history.When the Qin Dynasty, the seal was sealed on the documents and passed on.The use of "sealing mud" in the process has become a common practice.In the Eastern Han Dynasty, the "sealing mud" used for the confidentiality of office documents turned out to be a metaphor for keeping guards."Hou Han · Xiao Zhuan" records: "(王) Yuan please use Yimaru mud as the king to seal the Hangu Pass, and this will happen for a while."It means that guards should be carefully sealed, and there should be no omissions.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Secrets of Official Documents
B.The evolution of the word "seal"
C.Evolution of archival storage methods
D.Records of preservation methods in history books

c
Mark Twain once heard a pastor lecture in a church.At first he felt that the pastor was moving and prepared to donate.After ten minutes, before the pastor had finished speaking, he was a little impatient, so he decided to donate only some change.After another ten minutes, the priest had not finished speaking, so he decided not to donate a penny.In psychology, this phenomenon of excessive stimulus and prolonged action caused psychological impatience or resistance.Called the "overrun effect".The "Ice Bucket Challenge" project currently aimed at helping patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis should also be alert to this effect due to excessive entertainment.Start with the show, but not end with the show, Leaving the true spirit of charity and not just the star video collection, this transnational relay is considered a success.
The most accurate summary of this text is:
A."Ice Buck Challenge" should be avoided as a show
B.Weakening the role of stars in charity
C.To grasp the value of charity and entertainment
D."Overrun effects" should be prevented in due course

c
French writer Duma came to a city while traveling in Russia and decided to visit the largest bookstore in the city.When the bookstore owner heard that the writer was coming, he put all the bookshelves on Duma's books and made Duma happy.I walked into the bookstore and asked, "What about other writers' books?" The boss said, "All ...sold out."
This joke laughs?
A.No one buys Duma's book
B.Panic of the boss; unprepared
C.The boss's answer is contrary to his wishes
D.Boss mocks Duma's book for not selling

b
During the Battle of Copenhagen in Britain and Denmark, British Navy Colonel Nelson was in danger during the fierce battle and received a signal of retreat.The captain asked him what to do, and he raised his telescope to one of his blind eyes and said, "I did not Seeing that signal."Then he continued to command the battle bravely again, and as a result, Denmark was forced to cease the war.
The subject of this passage is?
A.Nelson decides without authorization, but wins
B.Nelson decides whether to execute the order according to his own circumstances
C.Nelson fights regardless of danger
D.Nunson found a reason not to execute the order

c
Although 5 million people in a country have been illiterate each year in the past two years, the situation of illiteracy is not optimistic.The country's adult non-illiteracy rate is very low in Asia and the literacy rate is slower than that of neighboring countries.
To sum it up, what does this passage mean?
A.Five million people in a country are literate every year
B.Literacy scores of a country are not comparable to those of Asian countries
C.Unsatisfactory literacy performance in a country
D.Literacy is too slow in a country

b
According to statistics in the 1990s, China's patent applications are growing at an average rate of 48% each year, but China's patent implementation only accounts for 20-30% of the total patents, which is a big gap compared with foreign implementation rates of up to 80%.Only 15% of the total number of patent applications comes from enterprises, while 80% of patent applications from developed countries come from enterprises.
This passage mainly supports the view that?
A.Inadequate attention to scientific and technological achievements in specific policies
B.In China, efforts should be made to expand the development and implementation of growing patented technologies
C.In China, most people have not yet learned to use patented weapons to protect their intellectual achievements
D.Compared with enterprises, universities and research institutions attach more importance to the development and application of scientific research results

c
Modern scientific and technological achievements have created advanced medicine, prolonged human life and reduced the mortality rate of newborn babies.Coupled with the long-term peaceful environment after the Second World War, some countries only implemented family planning policies very late.The world's population has grown rapidly, and it is expected that the end of the world will reach 6.4 billion.
This sentence mainly supports the argument that?
A.Modern technology extends human life and reduces infant mortality
B.Uncontrolled population growth is the negative impact of modern technology
C.Stable fertility era caused by a combination of factors has led to a large increase in population
D.The growth of the world's population is rising geometrically

b
Although the main parts of some fire-resistant buildings are made of refractory materials, they can be spread or even completely destroyed by flammable materials in the halls and other passages.These buildings may even collapse due to metal beams and columns And suffered severe structural damage.
This passage mainly supports the argument that certain fire-resistant buildings:
A.Fire damage is less than damage caused by metal support collapse.
B.May be severely damaged by fire
C.Foyer and corridor passages spread fire
D.The protection of various facilities in the building is not as good as the general building

c
The atomic structure is very similar to the solar system, with the nucleus in the center and some negatively charged electrons surrounding it.The mass of the atom is almost entirely concentrated in the nucleus.
The most accurate restatement of this passage is?
A.The nucleus is at the center of the solar system.
B.The nucleus is composed of negatively charged electrons, positively charged protons, and uncharged neutrons.
C.Atoms are composed of nuclei composed of electrons and positively charged protons and uncharged neutrons.
D.The nucleus is composed of extranuclear electrons, protons and neutrons

d
The development of science and technology in the world today is uneven.It is more prominent due to the confidentiality of science and technology between countries, regions and regions, and between groups.However, all inventions and creations of science and technology should be the wealth of all mankind.Any country, Neither groups nor individuals should be considered as existing for a long time.
What does this passage mainly support?
A.The confidentiality of science and technology should be strengthened.
B.Advanced science and technology should be learned from abroad.
C.The confidentiality of technology is limited, and sooner or later it will be leaked.
D.Science and technology are the wealth of all humankind and should not and should not be kept secret for a long time.

a
Emotional education refers to the educator's educational attitudes and behaviors must cause a positive emotional response in the youth.It does not have a fixed model, and includes almost all educational methods, including strict, discipline and even punishment.It is not exactly the same as the education of love, It has obvious operability.
What does this passage mainly support on emotional education?
A.It is a form of education based on the emotional infection of educators.
B.is the main method of home education.
C.is an education for young people, but there is no fixed pattern.
D.It is education combining "strict" and "love".

c
There have been no immortal people since ancient times, but each person's life expectancy is very different.From the perspective of biology and medicine, human life expectancy should have a biological maximum, but it is not yet possible to determine the maximum human life expectancy How tall.
What does this passage mainly support on human lifespan?
A.is infinite.
B.How high is the space we cannot know.
C.There should be limits, but they have not yet been found.
D.It's different for different people.

c
Regardless of whether people accept it subjectively or not, in terms of objective effects, the educational efforts are finally manifested in a specific social stage in the future background, that is, education always shows a service to the future society Functions.
What is the most appropriate phrase to fill in the line in this passage?
A.It is necessary and should
B.Always and only possible
C.Needed and necessary
D.It is possible and certainly will

a
A few kind bosses came to the market to collect some leaves and dip them in salt.This was their only dish.
Is this a compliment or a reveal to the boss?
A.Disclosure
B.praise
C.Praise
D.Indifferent

b
The earthquake and tsunami that occurred in the Indian Ocean once again allowed human beings to appreciate the power of nature.Although there are many strings of islands in the periphery of China's sea area, surrounded by reefs, forming a natural barrier against the tsunami, we still have to live in peace.It is far away from the coast.Sometimes an earthquake in the deep sea does not directly cause damage to our country, but the tsunami caused by the earthquake can cause huge damage.The tsunami wave can propagate in the ocean for a long distance at a speed of 800 kilometers per hour, forming tens of meters.High surge.
What is the main argument supported by this passage?
A.Earthquake and tsunami warn the world for the deep ocean
B.Earthquake and tsunami in the Indian Ocean warns of deeper ocean research in China
C.Tsunami caused by earthquake can cause huge damage
D.Natural disasters are brutal

b
The rise of modern sports prompted the Greeks to have the idea and action to restore the ancient Olympic Games.The Greeks held the 4th Olympic Games from 1859 to 1889.At this time, a group of German scholars excavated the ruins of the ancient Olympics and the ancient Olympics.With more understanding, people's desire to restore the Olympics was aroused.In 1894, the French Olympic Committee initiated the French Olympic Committee and established the International Olympic Committee in Paris.According to international law, the International Olympic Committee is a legal and permanent Corporate body of inheritance.
What does this text say?
A.The International Olympic Committee is the most influential international sports organization
B.IOC has a long history
C.The IOC has all powers over the Olympic Games
D.The International Olympic Committee has the right to choose and decide on the city hosting the Olympic Games

d
The ancients said: "there is constant perseverance." In order to ensure that peasants enjoy the "constant yield" of land, Chinese civil law scholars have long raised the issue of "property conversion of rural land contracting rights." The current Land Management Law does not It is clearly a real right, and the Rural Land Contract Law does not explicitly stipulate the contract right as a real right.The Real Right Law determines the land contract right as a real right, which can better protect the legitimate rights and interests of farmers.
What does this passage say?
A.Property law is the basic law for protecting farmers' land rights
B.China's existing laws make farmers' land rights more stable
C.China's existing laws still have difficult problems in protecting farmers' land rights
D.It is difficult for China's existing laws to protect farmers' land rights, and the Property Law can make up for its shortcomings.

c
Red tourism is an innovative way to strengthen and improve patriotism education, revolutionary traditional education, civic moral education, ideological and moral construction of minors, and ideological and political education of college students in the new era.Red tourism, red is connotation, resources, characteristics, brand, Tourism is the essence, that is, red tourism is essentially a tourism activity, and it cannot be directly equated with patriotic education, revolutionary traditional education.
What does this text tell us?
A.Red tourism has strong political, economic, and cultural functions
B.Red tourism has become an important political project, cultural project
C.Red tourism has a strong political function, but the most important feature is its tourism function.
D.Red tourism can closely integrate tourism with economic development

c
Front-line workers, service workers or migrant workers are the majority of our "people." Most workers feel the advantages and disadvantages of the social system mainly through social security, social security, and wages and benefits of the employer.This part of the interests cannot be protected, and naturally there will be some dissatisfaction, the longer the accumulation, the stronger the anti-social tendency.A harmonious society should be a society in which the interests of all parties are continuously and effectively coordinated, and dissatisfaction should be resolved in time to avoid Evolves into confrontational contradictions, causing social instability.
What is the main argument supported by this passage?
A.Let workers enjoy dignity
B.Industrial relations are the most basic social relations in contemporary Chinese cities and towns
C.The pursuit of social justice in a harmonious society
D.Labor relations need to be transformed

d
The word "information" in Latin has description, statement, summary and other meanings, and English has notice, report, news, report, intelligence, knowledge, information, data and other meanings.Both have the meaning of news and audio messages.The word "belief" and "interest" are used to form a word.It was first seen in the poem "Dreamful Beauty Shen Information" in Li Zhong's "Evening Twilight Spring" in the Tang Dynasty.Refers to audio messages and messages in everyday language.
What does this text say?
A.Essential attributes of information concepts
B.Information is a statement of the state of movement of things
C.Evolution of the concept of information
D.The content of information is changing and developing

d
"Problem" usually refers to the situation when an individual is facing an unattainable goal, that is, there is an obstacle on the way to the goal.We call it a problem.One of the fundamental characteristics of a problem is obstacle.The objective obstacle is not the problem itself.The problem is raised by the individual who encountered the obstacle.It is always understood and expressed in a certain way.
What does the above text indicate that the problem solving process is essential?
A.Realize the transformation from the initial state to the target state
B.Including a series of arithmetic or psychological operations
C.How to grasp the existing or given information
D.Relying on a series of cognitive operations

c
Environmentalists are very concerned about the high cost of protecting endangered animals and propose that they should be assessed by assessing the value of various endangered animals to humans.This method is actually not feasible because it is impossible to predict the future value of an animal It is impossible to assess the value of animals that now make an indirect but important contribution to humans.
What is the main argument of the author of this passage?
A.Protecting endangered animals without value is more important than protecting potentially valuable animals
B.Although protection of all endangered animals is necessary, it is not economically feasible
C.Because the method of judging the value of animals to humans is not perfect, the decisions made on this basis are not reliable
D.Protecting animals of direct value to humans is more important than protecting animals of indirect value

b
A well-known western economist once said that a country can create wealth and become rich if it can operate its economy effectively; and if such a country wants to maintain political stability, the wealth it creates must be distributed fairly; The fair distribution of wealth will end economic risks; however, the existence of economic risks is an indispensable prerequisite for effective economic operation.
Can we know from this text?
A.It is impossible for a country to coexist politically and economically
B.It is impossible for a country to coexist politically and economically effectively
C.The economic operations of a rich country must be efficient
D.In a country where economic operations are ineffective, wealth must be fairly distributed

b
In large amusement parks, live performances can be used to guide the flow of people.Performances during lunchtime are to reduce the pressure on the restaurant in the park; performances in the evening time have a completely different purpose and encourage visitors to stay for dinner.Performances at different times have different purposes, but behind this, there is a unified potential goal.
What is the potential goal of this unification?
A.Minimize the number of people queuing at each tourist site
B.Attract more people to live performance to increase profits
C.Minimize traffic congestion caused by visitors entering and leaving the park
D.Maximize the role of the restaurant in as much time as possible

d
In the discussion of some academic issues, there are always people who make amazing words in order to attract attention.How can I know that the academic enthusiasm is very prosperous, and whoever annoyed by the irregularities will rise up and attack it.After entering the "chain" set by others, maybe people will say hippie smiley: "The boy is not talented, if you don't pay attention, you lift me up."
What does the above passage mean?
A.Some people make amazing words for the sake of eye-catching.
B.The academic enthusiasm is very prosperous, but sometimes just to take the opportunity to elevate yourself
C.Academia is attacking some people who are pretending to be amazing words.How can you know that others don't take this seriously?
D.Some people set up a "serial set", using pretense to attract criticism from others to elevate themselves

b
"Sincerity" has a very important position in Chinese Confucian philosophy.It is both the category of heaven and humanity.From the aspect of heaven and truth, "sincerity" is the universe's body, attributes and functions, and it is the life and power of the universe.Mencius said: "The one who is sincere and unmoved is the one who has not; the one who is not sincere is the one who has not been able to move." From a humanitarian perspective, "sincerity" is the criterion of moral life and the supreme value goal.Xunzi pointed out: "Husband Sincerity, the gentleman's guard is also the essence of politics."Confucianism has raised" sincerity "to the height of politics, and its political ethics has a world-warning role in modern times.
"Sincerity" has sincerity, sincerity, Licheng and sincerity.Which of the following performance belongs to "sincerity"?
A.Grand Duke is selfless and affectionate
B.Perseverance and continuous improvement
C.Don't count on interests, don't go around
D.Keep your promises and talk

a
"Respect" means to be respectful, to be cautious, to be solemn, and to be vigilant and alert.The Confucian emphasis on "holding small respect" means that people must maintain seriousness in everything in life.Serious attitude.Therefore, "respect" has become an important means of achieving the "gentleman" moral personality.However, when Confucianism speaks of "respect," it is not rigid and loss of vigor, but "respectful and peaceful", that is, such respect.Make yourself comfortable and make others feel comfortable.
Based on the above point of view, what is the following statement's misunderstanding of "respect"?
A.Everything must be done in accordance with rules and regulations
B.Be serious about everything in your life
C.Neat and serious in appearance and Conscientious and focused in acting
D.Keep awe, look at yourself calmly, adjust yourself in time, and purify yourself

c
Although all the respondents in the recent election survey said: "They are loyal to one of the two major political parties, respectively." But over a third of voters in each of the two major political parties said, They are no longer fascinated by the policy agenda of these two parties, and if a third party is formed, they will join the party.However, even if this survey reflects the views of all voters, the newly formed party will not have the opportunity to A third of all votes were drawn from all voters.
What does the above paragraph mean?
A.Voters are no longer fascinated by the policy agendas of these two major parties
B.Voters who are no longer fascinated by these two major political parties are attracted by very different policy agendas
C.Most respondents overestimated the percentage of voters who were no longer fascinated by these two major parties, and they said that the ratio exceeded 50%
D.Nearly half of all people surveyed reported that they are more likely to not vote on these two major parties than to switch between them

b
On November 26, 2004, President Hu Jintao met with U.S.President Bush during an informal meeting of leaders of the Asia-Pacific Economic Organization.On the Taiwan issue, Hu Jintao pointed out that the current situation in the Taiwan Strait is complex and sensitive, and safeguarding the country's sovereignty and territorial integrity is China's core interests.The Chinese government is willing to make every effort to resolve the Taiwan issue peacefully, but it will never allow "Taiwan independence." Bush said that the United States understands the sensitivity of the Taiwan issue and the United States adheres to the one-China policy and abides by the three joint communiqus., Does not support unilateral changes in the status quo of Taiwan and the declaration of "independence", and will not send inconsistent signals to the Taiwan authorities.It is worth noting that when meeting foreign leaders in the past, when the foreign leaders expressed adherence to the "one China" policy After opposing the "Taiwan independence" stance, Chinese leaders often use the word "thank you", but during this APEC leaders' informal meeting, Chinese leaders expressed their "high appreciation" for this.
What is incorrect about the above paragraph?
A.It is a manifestation of strength, a manifestation of confidence, and an absolute change in the diplomatic attitude of a large country
B.From gratitude to appreciation, from passive to active, from rare to overwhelming trends.The Taiwan issue no longer constitutes a resistance to China's external strength
C.It shows that China's huge influence on the world has been continuously strengthened, and that China is an important force in improving and stabilizing the state of the world.
D.The Chinese government insists that the Taiwan issue is China's own internal affairs, so it expresses its dissatisfaction with the Bush administration's approach and hopes that the Bush administration will be consistent in words and deeds.

b
On major issues related to Sino-US relations and the situation across the Taiwan Straits, the U.S.government must express its swiftness.The issue of China's Anti-Secession Law is no exception.From March 8, the White House spoke People, U.S.Department of State spokesman and State Department officials in charge of East Asia and Pacific affairs, U.S.Pacific Commander and Secretary of State, have expressed their views on the "Anti-Secession Law".The general content includes: expressing uneasiness with the law, thinking that the legislation is a mistake, and The recent trend of relations recovery is not consistent; the law has not helped resolve the Taiwan issue, and it is clearly raising tension; calling on China to reconsider the bill.
For these statements, what is incorrect in the analysis?
A.The statements of U.S.officials do not have much substantive content, and most of them do something painlessly.Their words are restrained and there is room for mediation in Sino-US relations.
B.The United States has always worried that China's armed forces will recover Taiwan and unilaterally change Taiwan's status quo, so it has always fully supported Chen Shui-bian and other Taiwan independence forces.
C.These statements are not strong, and basically do not involve the way the United States responds, especially the corresponding actions that may be taken in the military and security fields.
D.The focus of the United States' work in the past two years is to control "Taiwan independence", and the "Anti-Secession Law" is exactly to curb this "Taiwan independence" tendency and actions.This will not only change the status quo in the Taiwan Strait, but will help maintain the status quo.U.S.interests

a
The Legal Committee of the 59th Session of the United Nations General Assembly passed a political declaration in the form of a resolution of 71 votes in favor, 31 votes against, and 43 abstentions on February 18, calling on countries to ban any form of clone that violates human dignity After three days of fierce debate, the Law Commission was unable to reach agreement on the wording of the United Nations Declaration on Human Cloning on the afternoon of the 18th.That night, countries that favored and opposed therapeutic cloning agreed to pay for the declarations supported by their camps.Voting.In the event that members of the Organization of the Islamic State announced that they did not support either party's proposal, the proposal submitted by Honduras against therapeutic cloning was finally approved.The countries that voted in favor included the United States, Germany, the Netherlands and Brazil, and the Chinese government voted against the ticket.
What is wrong about the reasons for voting against the Chinese government?
A.This declaration is not substantively binding, as it only calls on countries to draft and implement laws prohibiting any form of human cloning and is not mandatory.
B.China believes that therapeutic cloning has a bright future in the treatment of various difficult human diseases.As long as it is strictly managed and properly utilized, it can completely benefit and avoid harm for the benefit of mankind.
C.China believes that under the unified management of the country, some scientists should perform reproductive cloning, i.e.human cloning experiments, because this will help further human understanding
D.The Chinese government's rejection does not mean that China supports the reproductive cloning or human cloning experiment, but only opposes the prohibition of therapeutic cloning research for the purpose of curing diseases and saving people.

b
In order to forecast the weather, Lorentz, a meteorologist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, used a computer to solve 13 equations that simulated the atmosphere of the earth.In order to examine the results in more detail, he took out an intermediate solution, improved the accuracy, and sent it back.When he drank After coffee, when I came back and looked at it, I was taken aback: the original difference was small, but the result deviated ten thousand miles! The computer is not faulty, so Lorentz believes that he has discovered a new phenomenon-"extreme instability to the initial value", that is, "chaos", also known as the "butterfly effect".Wings will make tornadoes stronger than gales in the Americas in a few months!
What is incorrect about the "butterfly effect"?
A.The characteristics of "chaos" are: across all majors, penetrating various fields.Therefore, I hope that "scientific" has control over everything, and predicting everything is just a good wish of human beings
B."Chaos" means chaos.Chaotic systems respond to external stimuli more slowly than non-chaotic systems.
C.It seems that some tiny things may cause the internal division of the collective to fall apart.
D."Chaos" is everywhere, but humans can still understand nature to a certain extent

a
Scientists have found that although the wings of birds are not as stiff as those of airplanes, they are more able to adapt to different weather conditions, especially harsh weather conditions than airplanes, because the wings of birds can stretch freely, thus cleverly Adapted to changes in airflow.Inspired by nature, NASA scientists are working on a wing that can bend and deform.The design idea of this aircraft is to make the deformed wing of the aircraft slightly at high speeds.Rearward to reduce the resistance in flight and reduce the vibration caused by the airflow; when the aircraft slows down, the wings can automatically extend forward to help the aircraft land faster and more smoothly.It is not easy to deform the wing, the key is to use special intelligent materials to make this deformable wing, which can automatically flex and stretch after being exposed to external air pressure and stimulation.Among them, it is made of memory alloy.The wing material can change the aircraft wing into a special shape in a certain air environment; another important intelligent material is piezoelectric ceramics, which can A variety of environmental factors, such as voltage and temperature, respond sensitively.Scientists say that it will take at least 20 years for this type of aircraft with flexible wings to be successfully developed.By then, our aircraft will become more intelligent Comfortable and safe, flying freely in various environments like various birds.
What is the most accurate restatement of the above paragraph?
A.In the future, the aircraft will fly freely to various environments like various birds
B.Bionics and intelligent materials science will help people better adapt to nature
C.Bird wings are more adaptable to different weather conditions than aircraft wings
D.The wing material made of memory alloy can change the aircraft wing into a special shape in a certain air environment

c
When flying a kite, people stare at their own works swaying in the clear sky, blue sky and white clouds, comfort, tranquility, and peace of mind emerge spontaneously.This mental state is suitable for the regulation of advanced neural activities and can strengthen and strengthen the control of the nervous system.The underlying tissues and physiological functions of the organs.When people shake the Diabolo, with the movement of the upper limbs, the muscle fibers are greatly exercised: the skeletal muscles are squeezed rhythmically, the veins, blood flow is accelerated, and the public accumulation is sufficient to prevent local blood Stasis, enhance the metabolism of cells and tissues, and maintains and strengthens the functions of shoulder muscle fibers, ligaments, local nerves, and blood vessels.
An accurate summary of the above passage is?
A.The joy of folk game activities is endless.
B.Folk games can cure illness
C.Traditional game activities have entertainment and fitness functions
D.Folk traditional games

d
The Qing Dynasty Yu Yunzheng wrote a link with the lobby of Yifu, which is easy to understand.Lian said: "Do nt pay half a dollar for the people, it is not a foreign matter; but ask two officials for two thousand stones, what is the work done?" People's half-money money is at least an official virtue, and it is not a special deed.It is important to ask what the political achievements of the puppets who are enjoying the country.
The exact summary of this passage is?
A.Don't talk too much about politics.
B.To be an official for the people, to have a clean wind with two sleeves, to think twice, to be peaceful in all directions
C.It is necessary, to be honest and diligent in order to be an official.
D.Not only do you have to be honest, but you must also be diligent in your administration and be credible to the people.

a
A large company is hiring a small car driver at a high salary.After screening, the remaining three are the best technical competitors.The examiner asked them: "There is a piece of gold near the cliff.You drive it to get it, and you think you can get away from the cliff.How close and not to fall? "The first said:" two meters ".The second said:" half meters ".The third said:" I will try to stay away from the cliff as far as possible."As a result, the company hired third place.
The above incident mainly inspired us?
A.Don't compete with temptation, but stay as far away as possible.
B.The most valuable person is not necessarily the one who can confess most.
C.A person who only cares about the immediate benefits will eventually be short-lived.
D.A person has high goals, but also faces real life.

a
80% of China's health resources are concentrated in cities, and 80% of urban health resources are concentrated in large hospitals, showing an "inverted triangle", while most of the demand for health services is at the grassroots level, which is "positive and positive", resulting in idle resources in large hospitals.Small hospitals have insufficient resources.Taking patients as the center, providing corresponding services according to their different requirements, and pursuing customer satisfaction have become the basis for the survival of suppliers under the current market action.Only 10% of human diseases need to be treated in modern hospitals.The disease can be treated in community medical service institutions, and some chronic diseases can also be treated through home care.Therefore, "small disease into the community and large disease into the hospital" is a feasible and new type of medical treatment model.
The point supported by the above text is?
A.China's health resource supply and demand allocation is not harmonious
B."Small illness enters the community, serious illness enters the hospital" is a new type of medical treatment model
C."Small illness enters the community, serious illness enters the hospital" is a feasible medical treatment model
D."Small illness enters the community, serious illness enters the hospital" is a new and feasible mode of medical treatment

d
In 1977, the ball king Bailey told the players in Taiwan: "Your players have good skills, but there is a shortcoming that you love too long passes.When your teammates pass in a good position, of course, it is good, but you have the ability to approach the goal.Even more, we should seize the opportunity to go straight.If everyone wants to pass on to his teammates to attack, and he is unwilling to take responsibility alone when necessary, how can he score a goal? Seeing the machine to attack with the ball is not the limelight, but a performance of independent combat."
The above paragraph means?
A.Many times, successful people are the best, not the ones who miss the time
B.Many times, successful people are not the best, but the people who will seize the opportunity to express themselves
C.One's success is important to work with others
D.Strong self-confidence is the source of success

d
Poverty often makes people think of low earthen houses, shabby bedding, and cloudy eyes.This is indeed a poor family living below the city's minimum standard of living.The man died, owed a lot of money, and the two children were a bit disabled, but Their windows are bright and clean, with refrigerators, washing machines, beautiful curtains and curtains.The hostess's smile is as clear as her house.She said that the refrigerator and washing machine were all handed out by neighbors.The curtains and curtains were made of paper by themselves.Yes, the children are very sensible and help me with odd jobs after doing my homework ...
The truth explained in this passage does not include?
A.Poverty is only a temporary lack of material life, but what leads to life-long deprivation is mental depression.
B.Get out of the psychological shadow and save the beautiful hope, life is just a little change
C.Adversity is like a knife, grasping the knife edge will hurt your hands, but grasping the handle will help.
D.Adversity is an essential part of life, and ignoring it is a waste of life

b
In real life, conflicts between human relationships and jurisprudence are commonplace.Law is a common norm in the field of public life and should not be affected by human relationships during the formulation and implementation process.Once human relationships interfere with the formulation and implementation of the law, it is based on jurisprudence.Justice and order cannot be guaranteed.
The above paragraph does not indicate?
A.The way of human interaction is reasonable in the field of private life, but the generalization of the way of human interaction into the field of public life has lost its rationality
B.Human relations have more "private" nature, while public life has more "public nature", the two are essentially opposites to each other
C.Human relationships are related to the field of public life, which shows its narrowness and does not necessarily damage public life
D.Human relationships are related to the field of public life, and there will be situations in which public interests are distributed based on human relationships

a
The entire idea of "Lao Zi" is developed around the central concept of "Dao".However, the seventy-three "Dao" characters in "Lao Zi" have different meanings although the symbol forms are unified.In some places, "Dao" is Refers to the roots of the existence of the world, some places "Tao" refers to a law, some places "Tao" refers to a rule of life, which reflects the unified view of the life of "Tao".
The "Tao" in Lao Tzu's "Tao Sheng Yi, Yi Sheng Two, Er Sheng Three, San Sheng Everything" means?
A.Ontology of Metaphysics
B.A law of things
C.A rule of life
D.Combination of the law of things and the rules of life

a
Many units now let all employees perform collective medical examinations in the name of sending health, while ignoring the privacy of personal health.The recruiting medical examination requires the applicants to be naked and collectively inspected, which causes a lot of embarrassment and inconvenience for individuals.Street phones are side by side and personal calls The content cannot be guaranteed; ignoring the different needs of patients for the ward environment, some hospitals' emergency observation rooms even mix male and female patients in the same room, which also causes a lot of inconveniences.
To summarize these phenomena, the problems it reflects are?
A.Under the premise of ensuring the normal order of the public, the basic privacy of individuals should also be guaranteed
B.Emphasizes the shared nature of public places and neglects the necessary privacy of individuals
C.Do not exclude personal privacy space for development purposes
D.There are principles and standards for privacy protection in public places

a
Bian Que is the first master of Chinese medicine, and he has collected various medical science and technology on Bian Que's body; Bian Que is the first person who has laid the foundation for the theoretical writing of traditional Chinese medicine; Bian Que is the first person who initiated the Chinese surgical acupuncture; Bian Que is the first person to initiate the first four consultations of "Wang Wen Wen Qi"; Bian Que is the first person to make Dandan Pills; Bian Que is the first person to oppose witchcraft.
The above paragraph mainly explains?
A.Why Bian Que is admired by future generations
B.Bian Que is the ancestor of Divine Medicine, Medical Saint, and Chinese Medicine
C.Bian Que is the characteristic of culture.
D.Bian Que has pioneering contributions in all different fields

a
Since the founding of modern linguistics, although it has been less than 100 years, its panic has been unexpectedly rapid.Taking Chinese as an example, with the development of society, technological progress, and the emergence of new things, in recent years, "new The word Cool Words is growing at a rate of 1,000 or more per year.Since then, there have been some combinations of illegal phrases and sentences, collocations, and the composition of Ma Xingdong's spelling of the Western Chapter.Society, especially the linguistic community, including some Chinese teachers in elementary and middle schools, have different or even contradictory arguments.However, no matter how the academic world thinks, people, especially young people, have these so-called "new words cool words" And the new grammatical composition has a soft spot, and also created a lot of network, digital language.
This text mainly explains?
A.New situations have emerged in language development and use
B.Good and bad language vocabulary is a normal phenomenon in its panic process
B.The development of language reflects the consciousness of society and people
D.The development of Chinese has entered a period of prosperity

d
With the popularity of internet language among teenagers, internet language has become more and more diverse, from the early emergence of "beauty (beauty)", "88 (bye-bye)" to the "even (me)", "poor rice (like)" that is being rampant.Teachers are worried that parents are anxious that the impact of online language on people's daily communication is inevitable.However, online language is not a beast, and online language needs guidance and guidance.
The point that this passage cannot support is?
A.The language of the Internet must "revolutionize" the modern Chinese language.
B.The language also has "the survival of the fittest"
C.Guidance + grooming: two medicines to standardize network language
D.Do not use online languages that do not comply with modern Chinese words and grammatical norms

b
This year marks the 81st anniversary of the establishment of the Beijing Palace Museum.The Palace Museum library was built on the basis of the Ming and Qing dynasties' court collections.By 1930, there were more than 500,000 books.Rare books moved south during the War of Resistance Against Japan.The Taipei Palace Museum.Later, the Beijing Palace Museum continued to count and sort out the Qing Dynasty relics and rebuild the rare book library.Now there are more than 190,000 rare books, and there are more than 200,000 (block) editions of Wuying Palace and copper plates.
This passage mainly introduces?
A.Palace historical and cultural relics
B.Heritage books from the Palace Museum
C.Qing Dynasty Books from the Palace Museum
D.Historical Archives of the Palace Museum

c
The human visual organ has the function of sensing the light and color of external objects.The wavelength range of visible light is generally 380nm (nanometer) to 780nm, which is called the visible spectrum.In the visible spectral range, different wavelengths of radiation make people feel different colors In general, 700nm is red, 580nm is yellow, 510nm is green, 470nm is blue, and 400nm is purple.
The above phenomenon shows?
A.People's feelings about things are the result of their own physiological activities
B.The physiological threshold of human organs is the limit of human cognitive ability
C.Human feelings include the selection, processing, and transformation of external information
D.People can only recognize the feeling formed by external objects acting on the senses

a
Qin Mugong asked Bole to recommend a successor.Bole said that Jiu Fang was worthy of the job.Jiu Fang was out of Mu Gong's order to find a horse, and after three months he revived and said that the horse had been found.Mu Gong asked: What is it? Jiufang replied: The yellow stallion.Mu Gong sent someone to fetch the horse, and the horseman reported that it was a black mare.Mu Gong was displeased, and he was responsible.How can you tell if it is good or bad? Bole replied: "If you look at it, there is also an opportunity.It is so fine and forgets its rough, inside and forgets what it sees.See what it sees, not what it doesn't see; see what it sees, and leave what it doesn't See.If the person who looks at you is a horse, there is something more expensive than a horse."Ma Zhi, a horse of a thousand miles.
What is the main point supported by this passage?
A.Maxima cannot be distinguished by horse color and gender
B.Horse color and sex are key to discrimination
C.The nature of things is determined by their internal causes
D.Seeing what he sees and seeing what he doesn't see is the key to understanding things correctly

c
Chinese vocabulary has the function of measuring and rhetoric.For example, "a pair of shoes" and "a pair of shoes", "a sheep" and "a group of sheep".Here only and pairs, the head and the group limit and distinguish the shoes.The function of quantitative relationship.The function of rhetoric, such as "an elephant" and "an elephant", "a Buddha image" and "a Buddha image", "a picture" and "a picture".Here, "head "There is no quantitative difference between" only "and" only ", but there is only a difference in image.Similarly, there is no quantitative difference between Zunhezu, Zhang and Zhang, but only differences in emotion and style.
The interpretation of this passage is accurate?
A.The gauge function is the basic characteristic of quantifiers.
B.The rhetorical function is the basic feature of quantifiers
C.Measure function and rhetoric function are the basic characteristics of quantifiers
D.Neither the scale function nor the rhetoric function is the basic characteristics of quantifiers

c
The titles of the six "People's Daily Views" reviewer articles of the People's Daily are: "a major and urgent strategic task", "an ancient and new era topic", "a clear line between right and wrong", "a "A Project of Hope for the Future", "A Leadership Responsibility Needed to Take the Lead", "A Banner Leading Social Fashion".This group of titles adopts rhetorical rhetoric, with strong language and strong feelings, showing a relatively complete This system shows the beauty of rational synthesis of serialized journalistic writing.
What does this text mainly express?
A.Ranking in group questions
B.Novel beauty in perspective
C.Covered beauty in content
D.Logical structural beauty

d
A king handed a piece of silver to each of the three servants before the journey, and commanded: Go and do business and see me when I come back.When the king returns, a servant says: I earn 10 ingots for business, and the country rewards me.He had 10 cities.The other person earned 5 ingots with the silver given by the master, and the king rewarded him with 5 cities.The third person never took out the silver to use, and the king ordered his silver to be given to the first servant.He said: If there is little, even all he has will be taken away.If there is more, give him more, and let him be more beneficial.This is the "Matthew Effect".
What does this text mean?
A.For business development, if you want to maintain your advantage in a certain area, you must quickly expand in this area.
B.When you become a leader in a certain field, the return on investment is the same, and you can more easily obtain greater returns from weak peers
C.If you don't have the strength to quickly expand in a certain field, you must constantly look for new areas of development to ensure good returns.
D.A common phenomenon in today's society is the winner-take-all

b
Reading Digest is fashion, trend, elegance, and conservation."Reader's Digest" seeks a kind of spiritual tranquility and associates with petty capital and small knowledge; of course, reading "Xinhua Digest" is, of course, pursuing superior cultural tastes and scholarship., Cultural paintings are connected.People love "Xinhua Digest", both because of its nobility, raised in deep boudoirs, everyone's style; but also because of its generalization, which anyone can read, is always desirable, both because of its tolerance and generosity Tolerance, ordinariness, but also its pickiness, careful selection, and food.
What does this text mainly talk about?
A.The similarities and differences between Reader's Digest and Xinhua Digest
B.Xinhua Digest is really welcomed by readers and friends
C.The readers are deeply affectionate about Xinhua Digest
D.The use of rhetorical techniques such as metaphors has created a strong emotional atmosphere

a
France's Jolly Bellang was a small handyman when he was 13 years old.When ironing, he accidentally knocked over the oil lamp and spilled kerosene on the clothes.The employer asked him to compensate, but the child had no money and had to promise to work for one year Since then, the child hangs the stained clothes on the bed as a warning.One day, he suddenly found that the place where the clothes were soaked with kerosene was not only dirty, but also the original stains were removed.This discovery made him immediately Liang.He passed countless trials and finally developed a dry cleaning agent.One year later, he opened a dry cleaning shop, the business became bigger and bigger, and finally became the world's dry cleaning king.
What does this text mean?
A.When a person overturns the lamp of fate and it is dark before his eyes, do not extinguish the lamp of the soul
B.Little wisdom keeps people busy, big wisdom keeps people calm
C.There is a bright light in my heart, and there is action on the soles of my feet
How D.Jolly Bellang invented the dry cleaner

a
Speaking in public, some people are lengthy and eloquent; others condense their meaning into a sentence, and this sentence is like a heavy stone, which stirs up waves in the lake of the listener's calm heart It is commendable and memorable.On October 19, 1936, at the conference of Mr.Lu Xun, the public sacrifice of people from all walks of life in China, Mr.Zou Taofen, a well-known journalist, politician and social activist of China, delivered a speech of only 33 words: "Today's Sky No sooner, I would like to commemorate Mr.with one sentence: Many people are unyielding without fighting, and Mr.Lu Xun is unyielding without fighting."
What is this text about?
A.A short speech, such as Zou Taofen's one-speech speech, is profound and has a strong expressive effect.
B.A sentence of "Unyielding in battle" accurately outlines the fighting style of Mr.Lu Xun
C.A word of "war" contains how much people admire and praise Mr.Lu Xun
D.Many shameless writers not only "do not fight", but also scorn their knees; but the sir is brow-eyed and stubborn.

b
In the awards speech of the "Ten Years of China's Top Ten Person Selection Campaign" organized by CCTV, there is such a sentence: "This young man with the same wind, he continues to surpass, never fails, and represents a nation that is accelerating.He is wearing The national flag jumped before the world."
The "wind-like young man" in this text is an extreme metaphor.What is it mainly used to illustrate?
A.The award speeches have different language characteristics in other styles.
B.Liu Xiangzhi's charming charm was just displayed.
C.With the smallest language volume, can accommodate the most language essence
D.The hurdle prince is not only a record, but also a memory, a kind of lingering strong memory

d
Mr Zhang, who was working outside, did not find his employer and bought a return ticket with 1 yuan left.He bought crayons and 4 cigarette boxes, cut them into 24 cards, and raised them at the exit of the station.Holding a "rental pick-up sign (2 yuan)".As a result, many people rented his pick-up sign.Soon he earned 40 yuan.One month later, he made 40 pieces of galvanized sheets.The "welcome card" can earn 200 yuan a day.After 3 months, he rented a house and had a helper.Later, he used the 30,000 yuan earned by renting the "welcome card" to open a flower shop and contract.The flower wholesale business.In this way, he turned 1 yuan into 1 million yuan in 1 year.
What does this text mainly tell us?
A.Creating wealth is a science and an art
B.Opportunities always favor those who are intelligent and intelligent
C.Whoever turns quickly and uses it flexibly, whoever is "golden"
D.As long as you are good at using knowledge, wisdom and hard work, small money will become a big money

b
Confucius especially emphasized the importance of doing things, and "excessive" and "less than" are to be avoided as much as possible.Confucius advocates benevolence, but he does not think that the principle of benevolence should be used to condone the faults of all people.What is it like? "Confucius replied:" Report the grievances directly, and the morals."
What's inconsistent with the text?
A.To face another immorality with a kind of malice, a kind of resentment, this world will be a vicious circle, endless
B.You give kindness and compassion, and use kindness to face the people and things that have been negative to you.This is the attitude you should have in life.
C.Use your fairness, frankness, Geng Jie and Lei Lu, and face everything openly
D.Keep limited emotions and limited talents where they should be used most

d
Liao Chaidian, president of American International Investment Consulting Corporation, has a law of percentage.If you meet 10 customers and only get a 200 yuan order from the 10th customer, what do you think of the first 9 failures and rejections? He said: "You The reason why you get a 200 yuan order is that you get 10 customers.It is not the 10th customer that gave you 200 yuan, but it should be considered that each customer made you 200  10 = 20.Yuan business.Therefore, each time the income is rejected is 20 yuan.When you are rejected, thinking that this customer rejected me, it is equivalent to me earning 20 yuan, should also smile, salute, as income 20 yuan."
What does this text emphasize?
A.Failure is part of success
B.When you fall on the way forward, you should stand up with a smile
C.In life, success is not the last success
D.When you know how to treat failures correctly, every failure has value

c
"Big movies" marked by large investment, large productions, high profile and high box office returns, have become popular in Chinese cinema in recent years.The "Man City with Golden Armor", which began at the end of the year and the beginning of the year, has become popular across the board, with 3.5 The box office of 100 million yuan hit a box office high in the history of Chinese film.Five films including this film accounted for more than one fifth of the total box office revenue of 2.62 billion yuan of Chinese movies in 2006.However, most public opinion and audiences gave Criticizing and expressing dissatisfaction.Deeply, the "big movie" itself has many misunderstandings in material selection, production and market development.It is the most direct inducement.From "Hero", "Wuji", "Ambush in Ten Faces", "Yanban" to " `` The city is full of golden armor, '' domestic productions, including co-productions with Hong Kong and Taiwan, almost exclusively choose the types of costumes plus martial arts, conspiracy and love, with a strong contrast of luxurious form and empty content.
What does this text mean?
A.When will the "blockbuster" stop being intoxicated?
B.Big investment, big productions hit new highs in China's box office
C.There is a serious disconnect between the form and content of domestic blockbusters
D.In the hustle and bustle of the false market boom, there is a deep cultural crisis

a
Kodak Corporation in the United States needs someone to work in a dark room when manufacturing photosensitive materials.However, when a person with normal vision enters the dark room, it feels at a loss as if the driver is driving an out of control vehicle.In response to this situation, a manager came up with a whim and suggested that : "The blind are accustomed to living in the dark.If blind people are allowed to do this kind of work, it will definitely improve their work efficiency." So Kodak's decision-maker ordered: Replace all the staff in the dark room with blind people.Working in the dark room, blind people far better Overcoming ordinary people improves labor efficiency.Kodak s clever use of the blind not only increases the company s profits, but also establishes a good image for the company.Many high-quality college students, graduate students and professionals are scrambling to compete.Work for Kodak.
What does this text mean?
A.Kodak is good at employing people, turning weaknesses into strengths
B.Kodak has a good business, killing two birds with one stone
C.How Kodak shapes corporate image
D.Blind people are sometimes far better than ordinary people

d
A wise man said: "You must be forgiving three times.You must forgive yourself, because you cannot be perfect; you must forgive your enemies, because the fire of your anger will only affect yourself and your family; you are looking for happiness Perhaps the hardest thing to do on the road is that you must forgive your friends, because the closer you are, the more you can inadvertently hurt you deeply."We are often too harsh on others.Everyone is trying to prove : I am right, and you are wrong.You can put down the faults of others or yourself, and then you can put up with the storms of the whole world.We tolerate others, which is also a blessing of self.
This text is mainly discourse?
A.Tolerance is a virtue
B.Tolerance is broad
C.Tolerance is a blessing in one's life
D.Tolerance is the blessing of self

d
In the past, we have always emphasized that rural public utilities are run by farmers and rural collective organizations, and the country's public services have not been tilted to the countryside.Therefore, the gap between public and urban development between urban and rural areas is very large, and the outstanding problems are: It is that the development of social undertakings such as education, culture, and health is lagging significantly.In recent years, the state has implemented the "Six Primary Schools" in rural areas.In 2004, it invested more than 28 billion yuan, including part of road construction funds.The face of rural infrastructure did indeed A certain degree of improvement.The state's investment in rural education and health is increasing, but the gap is still very large.
The text is mainly emphasized?
A.The large gap in rural public service development
B."Six Primary Schools" improve rural infrastructure
C.National investment should focus on the development of rural social undertakings
D.Rural public utilities still require increased state investment

d
Buzzwords are a direct reflection of people's social life, reflecting the colors of the times.Just as "electricity" derives a group of words with "electricity", the emergence of "net" will inevitably also generate a group of words with "net" Make "Internet" from new words to basic words.Words related to the Internet will gradually establish their place in the Chinese word system.New words using ideographic methods are more acceptable to people, such as "PC.Individual "Computer", "Yimeier-E-mail", etc.If the new words are too restrictive and critical, it will limit its vitality and is not conducive to building a harmonious language life.
What's best for this text title?
A.Linguistic phenomena are intricate and linguistic
B.New language phenomena are cause for concern
C.Random words
D.Be tolerant of new phenomena in language life

a
The couplet "two people sit on the soil, January and the edge of the day", the expression is very bland on the surface, but from the physical analysis, the couplet consists of the words "people, people, soil" and becomes the word "sit", the second line The word "day, month" has become the word "ming", which constitutes an interesting Chinese character rhetoric.
What is this text?
A.Understanding Chinese Rhetoric from the Unique Physical Features of Chinese Characters
B.Understanding phonetic Chinese characters from the unique physical characteristics of Chinese characters
C.Understanding the semantics of Chinese characters from their unique physical characteristics
D.Understanding Chinese logic from the unique physical characteristics of Chinese characters

c
Li Zhaoxing said at the Diaoyutai State Guest House that he welcomed participants in the Beijing Six-Party Talks on the North Korean Nuclear Issue: Diaoyutai was a gift given to his teacher by a young emperor of the Qing Dynasty in China.It is a place full of goodwill and may bring good luck to the people here This garden has witnessed many major diplomatic events.Here, through dialogue, the iceberg can be dissolved, hostility can be resolved, and trust can be cultivated.The best inspiration for Diaoyutai's history is: peace is the most valuable, and dialogue is the most valuable to maintain and maintain peace.An ancient Chinese poem says: "Let the wind and waves rise, sit firmly on the Diaoyutai." I hope and believe that colleagues will seek a win-win situation with their vision, wisdom, patience, courage and sincerity for the cause of peace.We are often too harsh on others.Every Individuals are trying to prove: I am right, and you are wrong.You can put up with the faults of others or yourself, and then you can put up with the storms of the whole world.We tolerate others, which is also a blessing to ourselves.
This text is mainly discourse?
A.Tolerance is a virtue
B.Tolerance is broad
C.Tolerance is a blessing in one's life
D.Tolerance is the blessing of self

c
Online "spoofing" means that there is no restriction on the objects of "spoofing".The concept of harmony requires members of the society to be honest and friendly, while "spoofing" is completely disregarding the feelings of others."Spoof" object; and the idea requires a rational way to express their own interests, but "spoof" does not consider whether the means adopted are reasonable and legal; innovation lies in creating new things, and "spoof" is keen to point the finger at famous people and classics The work precisely illustrates the deficiency of its innovative ability."Spoof" constantly impacts the moral bottom line, legal bottom line and mainstream consciousness of the society, leading to the emergence of cultural nihilism, which needs to be highly vigilant.
What's best for the text title of this paragraph?
A.More and more netizens have a clear understanding of the negative effects of "spoofing"
B.Online "spoofing" runs counter to the idea of harmony
C.Firmly establish a socialist outlook on honor and disgrace, and consciously resist online spoofing
D."Spoof" subverts mainstream consciousness and confuses right and wrong

d
A recent survey showed that 47% of Chinese people said they only put the remaining cash at the end of the month into savings.Almost a third said they did not save at all.Chinese household savings rates will gradually decrease in the future due to population Factors (the aging of the generation before the only child), increased affluence, and improvements in the financial industry (such as the introduction of more insurance products).The savings rate for urban households is currently lower than the national average for chickenpox.
What does the text mainly show?
A.The concept of "thin budgeting" is diluting
B.The Chinese "smashed" the piggy bank
C.Lean budget and postponed consumption models are outdated
D.People's financial management concepts and models change

a
A report that "NASA scientists plan to use space technology to remove soot from Monet's famous painting" Water Lily "is also reported by journalist Wang Yanhong, but the titles are different, such as the title of "Science and Technology Daily" Try space technology to repair famous paintings, "and the Beijing Daily headline is" Beauty Famous Paintings with Space Technology."
What does the text explain about the latter title is better than the previous one?
A.More vivid, accurate and attractive
B.It seems more objective, more likely
C.More faithful to the style of the original text
D.Easier to reflect the ideological content of the article

c
In the recent period, many online forums have been discussing the topic of the "Panda Burning Incense" virus.In the past two months, there have been millions of computers infected with the virus worldwide.At the time of the virus, all of the computers in the computer The icons have all turned into pandas.The pandas are holding the three-pillar incense, and they are together.The user is forced to format and all the data in the computer is lost.Some foreign antivirus software suddenly fails at a critical time, which is also one of the reasons for the virus..
What is the most appropriate summary of this text?
A."Panda Burning Incense" "burned" tens of thousands of computers
B.Who is making and transmitting drugs
C.Why "Panda Burning Incense" became a public topic
D.Professional and technical issues evolve into social topics

b
In the second half of last year, the National Logical Language Application Cases organized by the Chinese Logic Society and other units received a prize collection activity to inspect 4 central-level newspapers and 24 provincial-level newspapers.Experts determined that each newspaper had 5.8 errors on average.These errors include unclear concepts, improper judgments, and inferior reasoning.For example, "National Day" is the "birthday of the motherland", and "three top three" is considered to be the "top three," and "unfounded rumors" are called "groundless." ", And" almost 500 people, trebled, all the time "ridiculous phrases such as endless.
This text mainly explains?
A.Language literacy of authors, editors, etc.needs to be improved
B.Great importance must be attached to the application of language and logic
C.The Chinese language and the logic application are mixed, and the fish and the dragon are mixed, and it is too late to digest, organize, and standardize
D.Eliminate "hard wounds" caused by carelessness and reduce common sense errors in language and logic applications

d
CCTV's "Global Information" column has an advertisement: every day, we only introduce you to three global hot people; only report the most important global news events; only select the world's top five companies; only release the latest global financial news ; Only introduce the most imaginative cutting-edge technology;  "Global Information List", CCTV Economic Channel, 12:00 noon every day.The informant survives.
What is the most accurate understanding of the "survivor of the informant" in this text?
A.Its creativity stems from "only paranoia can survive", and "paranoia" is no longer "synonymous with loss of reason"
B.Paranoia in the original words refers to people who dare to think, to fight, to fight, to love, to hate, to innovate
C.At first hearing, it sounds sensational, and the fine product feels clear and exquisite.
D.The taste of the entire program has risen to a realm: providing information and focusing on survival

c
Cruise ships sold by the British to Egypt were initially unpopular, and cruise ships built by the French sold better.It turned out that French cruise ships had "empty grounds", while British cruise ships had rooms much larger than France.The British passed The analysis concluded that: psychologically, people's consideration of the width of the outside is far greater than the need for the width of the room.Therefore, the British narrowed the area of the room on the cruise ship and widened the rest.As a result, the British Cruise ships became best sellers.
What is the inaccurate understanding of this text?
A.The core of people's running-in, accommodation, understanding, and correction in life is the wide and narrow scale that needs to be continuously designed.
B.Wide and narrow, involving all aspects of life, this is a measure, a truth, and a mystery and science
C.People use a broad, wide world to compare their futures, hoping that their tomorrows will be broad, bright, and the same in real life.
D.Moderate width is what we really need

a
The current income tax rate for domestic and foreign-funded enterprises is 33%.Preferential tax rates of 24% and 15% are implemented for some foreign-funded enterprises, and tax rates of 27% and 18% are implemented for domestically-profitable enterprises.The "Enterprise Income Tax Law (Draft)" The tax rate is determined to be 25%, which is to consider reducing the tax burden on domestic-funded enterprises, and at the same time to control fiscal reductions within an acceptable range, and also to consider the level of tax rates internationally, especially in neighboring countries (regions).159 worldwide The average tax rate of countries (regions) that implement corporate income tax is 28.6%, and the average tax rate of 18 countries (regions) around China is 26.7%.The new tax rate is a moderately low level internationally, which is conducive to improving corporate competitiveness and attracting foreign investors.investment.
What is this text about?
A.New tax rate measures: different from inside and outside
B.The new starting point for enterprises: competition on the same platform, fair competition
C.The tax rate of 25% is a moderately low level internationally
D.Adjusting tax rates is conducive to improving corporate competitiveness

a
The key is unlocked, and the lock is the problem.The key that can open the lock is a useful key, and the management that can solve the problem is the effective management.There are all kinds of locks, and there are all kinds of keys.Trying to open a million locks with one key, It can only be ideal, not reality.Although the principle of the key is universal, whether it is really effective and useful is all about "the beauty of using it, and it is in the heart." There is a division of labor, a division of labor is not a division of family, and authorization is not a loss.Authorization must have a "remote control".The remote control must choose the person who controls it, grasp the main contradictions and the leading aspects of the contradiction, one control the "head", that is, to control the thought and behavior; the other control the "foot", that is, to control the resource funds .This is the key: it is easy to use and not complicated.
What is the most appropriate summary of this text?
A.Management should be the key and the key should work
B.Management should be the key, and the key should be concise
C.Constantly verify the pragmatic availability of keys during unlocking
D.Recognize the laws of things, grasp the pulse of the times, and drive the "key" development

d
Which silver medal or bronze medal is more pleasing? The vast majority of people will conclude that the silver medal winner will be happier than the bronze medal winner because he has a higher firewood reputation.But this is not the case.Bronze medal winner Although they are only in the third place, they are much happier than the silver medalists.The Olympic athletes explained how they felt when they won the medal: the third place will be trembling with a medal; another On the one hand, the second place will feel like a loser because it fails to become the first place.What you get is not important, what is important is how to feel.
What does this text mean?
A.It doesn't matter what the Olympics get
B.The cruelty of the Olympic results
C.Athlete psychological adjustment is particularly important
D.What matters is how to feel

c
The protection of patents and trade secrets of high-tech achievements such as biotechnology in the existing intellectual property system has promoted inventions and creations; the copyright protection of computer software and literary works (including text and audiovisual works) in the existing intellectual property system has promoted the Intellectual creation in the fields of industry and culture.But when protecting the "flow" of today's various intellectual creations and creations, people have ignored the protection of their "source" intellectual property for a long time.And traditional knowledge, In particular, the expression of folk literature is an important part of this "source".
What is the main emphasis of this text?
A.The intellectual property system is very important
B.Defects in the existing intellectual property system
C.Protecting traditional knowledge and folklore is important
D.Existing intellectual property systems can promote inventions and intellectual creation

a
In an interview with The Times of the Earth, Wen Jiabao recited six famous quotes in one breath: One is Zuo Zongtang's "nobody half an acre, worrying about the world; read ten thousand volumes, and befriend ancient people." Second, Zhang Zai "Setting the heart for the heavens and the earth, setting the lives for the people, deciding to learn from the saints, and opening up peace for all eternity." The third is Qu Yuan's "long dying breath to cover up the tears, mourning the people's livelihood is difficult." Lying to listen to Xiao Xiaozhu, it is suspected that the folks are bitter."Fifth, Kant's" There are two things, the more deep and lasting I think about them, the more amazing and awe they will awaken in my soul, and they will continue to grow.This is the starry sky on my head and the moral law in my heart."Six is Ai Qing's" Why are there tears in my eyes? Because I love this land so deeply."
What does this text mainly reflect?
A.Politician-oriented sentiments
B.Politician's rich literature
C.Outstanding memory ability of politicians
D.Politicians' respect for excellent traditional culture

a
The predecessor of the Han nationality is basically Yan Emperor.The two major ethnic groups left by Huangdi are called "Hua Xia" (Some people think that "Hua Xia" is the people living in the Central Plains."Xia, Da Ye.There is a great etiquette; there is an article that says "Huaxia is the predecessor of the Han nationality.The concept of the Han nationality originated from the" Five Huhu and the Sixteen Kingdoms ", and it was fixed later.Therefore," Huaxia is used to replace the Han nationality "in the book.The word" China "originated from the" Ho Zun "(unearthed in Baoji in the 1960s)" Yu Qizhai China ".
What is the correct interpretation of "China" in the last sentence of this text?
A.The center of Chinese life in the Central Plains area
B.The residence of the Chinese people
C.Much of China Today
D.Today Mainland China

a
Sun Tzu, a native of Qi Guole'an (now Shandong Huimin), his "Sun Tzu's Art of War" is recognized as the oldest military theoretical work in the world."Good war" is the core of his military thought.No fame, no bravery."Because in his view, the victory of a true warrior is by no means the kind of killing a thousand people, self-damaging eight hundred bloody hard battles, and fighting fiercely, but" is better than easy "One by one is the enemy that is easy to fight.The" victor who has lost "-the enemy who is already in a losing position.
What is the core of Sun Tzu's war-fighting thoughts in this passage?
A.Win a big victory for a small price
B."Bad soldiers without war"
C.Simple military dialectics
D.Except for "Total Victory", it means "To Win"

d
Canadian actor Dashan, once drive outside Beijing, was stopped by a traffic policeman.Dashan asked: "How many kilometers per hour is fine?" The traffic police said: "A fine of 80 kilometers per hour is a fine." Dashan said: " I've only driven for half an hour, and I haven't reached more than 50 kilometers."The traffic police stunned.Dashan explained again:" So, in the remaining half hour, I only run 29 kilometers.You may wish to follow me.One meter, not only did I admit punishment, but I also asked you to eat mutton lamb! "The traffic police heard it and couldn't help crying and laughing.
What is the correct interpretation of Dashan in this passage?
A.The speed per hour spoken by traffic police is based on hours, but Dashan thinks it is an hour's journey.
B.He ran 50 kilometers in the first half and 29 kilometers in the second half.
C.He made a logical mistake of "stealing the concept"
D.He is a logical song with no black humor

a
Ignorance does not mean that there is no learning.Ignorance and no learning are two concepts.Emperor Song Huizong of the Northern Song Dynasty was captured by Jin Bing and taken to the northeast, where he sat and watched the sky and died there.You said that he did not learn.The words are well written, the words are well written, and the drawing is also very good.He is a great talent.But Song Huizong was ignorant, so he talked about a small thing.Song Huizong was a dog.After he became emperor, he ordered the whole country not to Dogs are allowed to eat.Chinese people have eaten dogs since ancient times, and now they are not allowed to eat dogs.
What does this text mainly tell us?
A.Power and Ignorance
B.Social management must have a "check and balance" mechanism
C.The aspirations of any leader are asymmetric
D.Leaders need to adjust and change strategies in a timely manner

c
Liu Yong, the first group of college students volunteering to serve the west, wrote a sentence in his diary: "There is a kind of work, and you do nt know the hardships before you experience it; there is a kind of hardship, you do nt know the happiness of it before you experience it; There is a joy, without knowing the purity of it."
This paragraph Tian mainly expressed?
A.Like is the foundation of happiness
B.The true meaning of happy work methods
C.Happiness comes from your sincere commitment to work
D.No matter what work, hardship, difficulty, and distress exist objectively

b
When traveling to Russia alone, he found two very strange people while shopping: one digging a pit in front, and the other one filling the excavated soil with a shovel in the back.This person felt strange, so they asked What are they doing? They replied that they were planting trees.This person felt even stranger.The two men explained that the person responsible for planting the sapling was sick and did not come.
What does this passage tell us?
A.Don't pay attention to others' opinions at work
B.Should be responsible at work
C.Ways and means at work
D.Work without results equals failure to do

d
A psychologist did an experiment: divide college students into two groups and listen to the same female college student's reply.In one group, the female college student was beautifully dressed.In the other group, the makeup was removed without any characteristics.The result of the test: the content of the speech is the same, but the speech in the first group is more convincing and the score is higher.
What can we draw from this experiment?
A.The beauty or ugliness of a person's face has nothing to do with his ability and qualities
B.The beauty or ugliness of a person's face has a certain relationship with their own abilities and qualities
C.Human appearance has a great impact on human success
D.Human appearance has a greater impact on the judgment of others

b
The word "movement" contains a "cloud" in both words, and, "cloud" begins to "go" is "yun", "cloud" and "force" next to "moving"."" is The natural state of the clouds, so sing "A cloud drifting across the sky of the hometown"; the clouds have been "moving", and to a certain extent, they burst out of "power", even if this second is sunny, the next Heavy rain.Such an explanation is sure to laugh and be generous, but "sports" can indeed accumulate strength."Exercise for one hour a day, work for fifty years of health, and live a happy life".The three relationships are progressive and causal..
What does this text mainly express?
A.Sports nouns explained
B.Significance and role of sports
C.Sport is so full of charm
D.The relationship between exercise, health, and happiness

a
At first glance, the word "fun" refers to interests and hobbies.However, "Liezi.Tangwen" said: "Every song is played, the period of the clock is very poor." It is said that the ancients played music, each playing one The tunes must reflect their inner ambitions.The ancients also said, "But make the tunes in the harp, and the chords of the choirs sound." Obviously, the word "fun" is the ambition, the sentiment."Zhi" and "Fun" It can be interconnected.What kind of sentiment is there is what kind of interest."Citics of the Sea" says that those who are interested also have the meaning of choice.There are also "towards and abandons, enterprising and retreating" Meaning.People originally live in two worlds, one in the world of material desires, the other is the world of meaning.Interest, that is, with a human-centered heart, "love", "interest" (go) to a harmonious world, right?
What does this text mean?
A.Where does human health come from
B.Of course, a low will also develops a low-pitched taste
C.Human health and taste is also a value choice
D.Aspirations are lofty, and lofty will cultivates the interest of Gao Jie

d
The ancients needed rain when planting, and the wind when sailing.The water and wind can arrive on time according to the season.The ancients called this natural phenomenon and order "belief." With "belief", people can carry out productive labor.Normal life.So they always sincerely ask God or the gods to bless them in order to get accurate and practical "belief".People later realized that human beings also need this kind of faith, and people's faith needs to be guaranteed by "sincerity" "To be honest" refers to an attitude inside people.Faith is the external manifestation of sincerity; "honest" and "faith" are two sides of the same body.
What's the point of this text?
A.Origin of integrity
B.Ancient China paid special attention to the integrity
C.Inheritance of "sincerity" and "faith"
D."Sincerity" and "Letter" on both sides

a
Drinking tea is a state of mind, feeling cleansed physically and mentally, filtering out impetuousness, and precipitating is deep thought.Tea is a mood, a kind of silent silence; a sadness of laughter and sorrow; This kind of loneliness after a lively "Thousands of Red Cup, Wan Yan Tong Kiln".Tea is a collection of spring memories.Drinking tea in any season, you can feel the lazy sunshine of spring day.Sitting in a person's room, pour After having a cup of tea, watching the rolls of tea leaves often gives rise to a lot of emotions: tea has a strong fragrance after boiling water, and life can only be calm after being tempered.
What does this text say?
A.Mood while drinking tea
B.Life is light, tea is clear
C.Drinking tea, not just mood
D.Drinking tea bitterly, "smelling" the tea aroma

a
The Titanic sank into the ice, and as many as 1503 people died in the shipwreck and only 704 were rescued.The survivors agreed to hold a rally in Lausanne, Switzerland every 10 years to commemorate the incident.Paine remembered her husband with affection, when he took her to the lifeboat.She didn't want to live alone, and hugged her husband tightly.Helplessly, her husband knocked her out with a punch and waited until she woke up.Sitting in a dinghy.In return for the affection of the dead husband, she has never remarried.Mrs.Smith recalled that my two children had been carried to the lifeboat at the time because of the overload and I could not go on it.Out of motherly love, I called out "Let me get on board, the child can't live without a mother!" Upon hearing this, a lady who had already boarded the boat left the seat, returned to the Titanic, and pushed me into the boat.It sank, and the lady didn't even leave her name.
What isn't this passage telling us?
A.Lausanne Rally
B.Give up life for others
C.The most glorious humanity
D.Dedication to strangers is awe-inspiring

a
Zen pays attention to "different".People use their past experiences to live.One of the most incapable of their enlightenment is "identity." Without enlightenment, many pains arise.If you can understand yourself, every minute and every second is different.Yes, you do nt need to take any one second as the standard, you will live well.Whether you are alone under the hot sun in the African desert, or stay in a comfortable air-conditioned room with friends, every point is life One part is equal to your entire life.One year Cai Zhizhong won the "Ten Outstanding Young People in Taiwan".The editor-in-chief of Hong Kong's "Oriental Daily" wanted me to write an article."What to write?" I asked "write The rugged road."What is that? "" You have a history of success.Write about how you reached today's success."" I can't write.Because there are no rugged roads in my life, for me, no matter what the situation is It s all very good.If I walk on the rugged path, I will appreciate it with the heart of the rugged path; if I walk on the boulevard, I will taste it from the perspective of the boulevard.I do nt think Lin Yam Avenue is better than rugged trails, once you really understand the meaning of life, there is no difference between good and bad
What is the main point of this passage?
A.Wide and narrow are roads
B.The road comes out by yourself
C.Go your own way, whether rugged or not
D.Once you really understand the meaning of life, there is no difference between good and bad

c
During the Spring and Autumn Period, the Lu State had a rule: if someone saw the Lu people becoming slaves abroad, they could redeem them and then return them to China.One of the disciples of Confucius paid money abroad to save a Lu man who was a slave.He insisted on not being reimbursed to show his determination and sincerity of "righteousness." Confucius knew that instead of praising the disciple, he criticized him, believing that such behavior would prevent more slaves from being rescued.Because in the future, the Lu people would pay money Sorry to save people, reimbursement.If you do nt get reimbursed, you will suffer financial losses.In the dilemma, you may eventually give up saving people.And another disciple of Confucius, who was rescued by the water, was rewarded with a cow, and he accepted it happily.Greatly appreciated.
These two stories show vividly?
A.Ethical practitioners deserve reward and care
B."Good news is good", "Good people have good news"
C.The reward for moral models
D.Simple folk sayings that contain people's simple moral values

b
A song sung from 1988 to 2008, and sold 9 million tapes and records of a song, which was a miracle created by the Seoul Olympics song "Hand in Hand." At that time, Park Shi-chi advocated the use of world-renowned record companies to create Olympic songs.This proposal met with strong opposition.But he insisted.Multiple rounds of discussions have been inconclusive.At this time, the major record companies in the world came to knock on the door.Among them, the world's largest audio-visual multinational company Polygram launched.The conditions are very tempting.Under the combined effect of internal and external factors, the Olympic Organizing Committee finally chose Polaroid.As a compromise, the Organizing Committee also chose the local Korean combination to sing this song and put "Arirang "Into the lyrics.Finally, two versions of" Hand in Hand "were officially released.The exciting singing at the opening ceremony was precisely due to a successful" Hand in Hand "-Italian composition, American composition and Korean composition Sing.
What does this text mean?
A.Seoul effect
B.Hand in hand to make a classic
C.The world goes to Seoul, Seoul goes to the world
D.Seoul Olympics: the turning point of a country's modern civilization

c
A master wanted to choose a successor and ordered his apprentice to go out to pick up the most perfect leaf.Soon after, the apprentice returned and handed the master a piece of leaves that was not very beautiful, saying, "Although this leaf is not perfect, it is the most complete I have seen."The two apprentices turned outside for a long time, and eventually returned empty-handed, saying to the master," I saw a lot of leaves, but I couldn't pick out the perfect one."Finally, the master passed the mantle to There is no perfect person in the world, only a complete person.A complete person must have advantages and disadvantages.In this case, you must learn to accept your strengths and your own weaknesses; accept the advantages of others, and also accept the Disadvantages of others.In the process of acceptance and appreciation, we will get the greatest release and freedom, with a broader mind, to accommodate everyone around us.
What is the exact summary of the above text?
A.Man-in-law
B.Perfect and complete
C.Tolerate everyone with a broad mind
D.There are no perfect people in the world, only complete people

b
"At half past ten, the flashing neon light on the bridge south department store went off on time.He was still standing on the river bank.He had counted the hexagrams.The hexagram said that he was a chicken and she was a dog.Do nt believe it.He only believes in one word: fate.This is the dragon head created by the writer Li Peifu for a short message novel relay contest.Thousands of short message literary creators have inherited this relay from him and derived SMS novels in various forms.In Li Peifu's opinion, SMS novels have characteristics unmatched by traditional novels.Authors such as Su Tong, Zhao Benfu, Fan Xiaoqing, Bi Feiyu, Huang Beijia have adapted their works into MMS or SMS novels, but some people think that SMS literature is meaningless to the essence of literature.
What does this text mainly say?
A.Text Novel Fiction
B.Is SMS Fiction Literature?
C.SMS Fiction Derived from "Dragon Leader"
D.SMS novels have characteristics unmatched by traditional novels

a
Pessimistic people complain about the wind, optimistic people look forward to the wind turning, and realistic people adjust their sails.Love means risking no return, hope means risking disappointment, but the reason to take risks is because of the greatest danger in life.Just a little risk.The difference between optimists and pessimists is very funny.The former sees a bagel, and the latter see that hole.
What is the most appropriate summary of this text?
A.Optimism and pessimism
B.Optimists and pessimists
C.Bagels and the cave
D.Philosophy in Life

a
An elder told a young man: "Critical and insulting is no different from the mud.You see, the mud spots on my coat were splashed just after crossing the road.The rubbing would be bad at that time, so wait until the mud is dry.Let s deal with it later.However, any metaphor is lame.If mud spots become paint, coats become glass, and then the logic in the above metaphor is counterproductive.Life has prepared us all kinds of Logic, they are different from each other, and may still fight, and what kind of logic we follow depends on ourselves.
What is most suitable for the text title of this paragraph?
A.Heterogeneous logic
B.Criticism and insult
C.Things are dialectical
D.Logic in life is not single

c
Because the "Bird's Nest" is different from other buildings, the column structure of "East to West" is very complicated, and the requirements and difficulties for welding technology are very high.Those welders who have been trained and selected are not only completed with high quality and efficiency, as scheduled The task was completed, and his name was engraved on the edge of each weld of the "Bird's Nest".In the words of the management, let countless ordinary welders leave their own tiny traces in this world-renowned Olympic project --- Maybe the public has no chance to see it, but it will never die.
What is the most appropriate understanding of this passage?
A.Let the builders leave their names is a heartwarming move
B.For the builder, it is to look up and sign your name
C.The signature of the builder is responsible for history and for his own life
D.Ordinary welders leave their marks in the Olympic project

c
From the beginning of the Qing Dynasty to the founding of the People's Republic of China, due to natural disasters, wars, and other reasons, 20 million people in Shandong were forced to set foot on the vast and resource-rich Kanto land.The TV series "Crossing the Kanto" is a show of the people of Shandong The historical legendary story of surviving in the northeast.Through the experience of the Zhu Kaishan family s invasion of Kanto, the history of the outbreak of September 18 from 1904 to 1931 was condensed.By tracking the journey of an ordinary person, he completed a small business to Great cause, small characters to great heroes, chanting self-improvement, hard work, hard work, bravery, and indomitable national spirit.This drama deeply writes the soul of the nation and captures the character of the nation.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.The ups and downs of Zhu Kaishan's family caught the audience
B.The work integrates "family history" and "social history" very well
C.Reflect the spirit of the Chinese nation with a century-old legend
D.Shandong spirit reflected in the Kanto people

a
A farmer invited engineers, physicists and mathematicians to enclose the largest area with the fewest fences.The engineer enclosed a circle with the fence and declared it to be the optimal design.The physicist pulled the fence into a line A long straight line, assuming that the fence is infinitely long, I think it would be big enough to surround half the earth.The mathematician mocked them well.He surrounded himself with very few fences, and then said, "I am now in outside."
What doesn't the truth illustrate in this story include?
A.Farmers and scientists
B.Be good at thinking from multiple perspectives
C.Questioning, imagination is the ladder of human progress
D.If you want to be innovative, you must constantly adjust your thinking

a
Advanced cultures often have the function of lights and fire.Lights can illuminate the way forward, and fire can warm the longing of hearts.Goethe once expressed his perception of cultural appeal in "Shakespeare Name Day": "His works I After reading the first page, he was convinced by his life; after reading his first script, I was like a born blind man, and in a moment, a magical hand gave me light."Culture is to send" light " To boost morale and improve self-cultivation.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.Rely on infection, infection depends on the culture
B.Relying on culture is an effective way to rely on infection
C.The reason is a soft constraint, it depends on the infection
D.Infection is to arouse the same thoughts and feelings of others through words or other forms

b
The 8th Olympic Games were held in Paris in 1924.For the first time, the organizers concentrated their participants in purpose-built wooden houses.This was the earliest Olympic lining.Since the Los Angeles Olympics in 1932, Olympic villages have been provided for participants from all countries.It became a tradition.From the first modern Olympics to the end of the 20th century, the United States was the country hosting the most modern Olympics, including the 4 Summer Olympics and 3 Winter Olympics.The two world wars of the 20th century made the original plan in 1916.In 1940, the 6th, 12th and 13th Olympic Games held in 1944 were forced to be canceled.According to the old system of the ancient Olympic Games, any Olympic Games that could not be held due to some reason also ranked in the history of sports.
What is the exact summary of this passage?
A.Olympic Village
B.Olympics
C.Forced to cancel the Olympics
D.Countries hosting the most modern Olympics

c
When recruiting employees at Microsoft China, this question was asked: There are 12 small balls, of which only one is different in quality from the other 11.If you are only given three opportunities to test, in 30 minutes, how can you pick out This ball? The vast majority of candidates have gone through all their troubles and did not figure out the results within 30 minutes, and left only with regret.After 30 minutes, a young man was still thinking hard in the exam room and refused to leave.After a few hours, The youth is still sitting there doing experiments.The examiner asks after finding out, is there any result? The young man shook his head.In the end, this young man was hired by the company.The reason is: his intelligence and ability are certainly not good enough, but he has perseverance; a successful business wants sustainable development.In addition to innovative consciousness and ingenuity, it needs to be persistent.And this young man embodies this spirit.
What's best for the text title of this paragraph?
A.Recruitment challenges
B.IQ test
C.Microsoft recruits "stupid people"
D.Businesses need persistent youth

c
Zhang San asked Li Si: "Do you often watch" Xinhua Digest "?" Li Si replied: "Who says I don't watch" Xinhua Digest "often?" Zhang San asked Li Si: "So you often watch" Xinhua Digest " "" Li Si replied: I'm not saying that I often watch Xinhua Digest."
Judging from the perspective of logical laws, Li Si's answer?
A.Violation of the law of contradiction
B.Violation of the law of the middle row
C.Violation of both the law of contradiction and the law of exclusion
D.Neither the law of contradiction nor the law of exclusion is violated

d
At the beginning of the Qing Dynasty, the dramatist Li Yu was very ill.He did not agree to find a doctor who could cure the disease, but to find a doctor who prescribed a prescription to treat someone who had died.This puzzled his wife and mother.Later, Li Yu said : "Every gentleman who can heal the sick, I will definitely push it when I see a critically ill patient.There is no ability to treat a critically ill patient, and a gentleman who is dying is not afraid of severe death.Although he has died, he has experience."
What doesn't the truth illustrate in this story include?
A.Death and life are opposites and unity.If a doctor wants to save a person in critical condition, he will face two possibilities: death and life.
B.Only a doctor who dares and is good at saving people from "death" is a good doctor, although he sometimes cannot save
C.Can't get full blame for others and don't allow others to fail
D.Every gentleman who can cure a disease is just a quack

c
During World War II, a volunteer named Dock, who assisted the hospital in the field hospital to help the death and help the wounded, wrote a sentence on the wall in order to drive away the dark clouds in the heart of the wounded and give the wounded the power to overcome the pain: Here it is dead.This sentence has brought countless wounded the power to overcome the pain.After the end of World War II, Dock became a postman.He firmly believed that in addition to bringing mail to people, he could also pass on happiness to people.Therefore, he always took a lot of notes with words of encouragement: "Don't worry, today is a good day", "Smile with a smile", etc.Everywhere he went, people felt happy.Ke was not a performing artist or a writer, but he did what a performing artist and a writer might not necessarily do.
What is the main point of this passage?
A.Volunteers and artists, writers
B.Giving someone a rose
C.Passing happiness
D.Helping others is a loving dedication

d
Mencius once said in "On the Confession": "The joy of the righteousness is my heart, and the joy of the concubine is my mouth." This is a truthful, subtle, and quite inspiring mind.The practice of life has also been repeated Tell us that the "reasonableness" of "pleasant heart" is always easy to explain in simple terms, such as "church", which is a food like "mutton" such as beef and mutton, otherwise, it is likely to be a speaker, a listener, Or the speaker is hoarse and the listener is drowsy.After all, the infection is not relying on loud voices or the power of the microphone, but it should be as dazzling as a peacock opening the screen, grab the eye, and give people a beautiful enjoyment.Inspiration.
What does this text emphasize?
A.Rely on infection, please be happy with infection
B.The first essence of reason is state the truth
C.Only true reason can make people believe
D.Talk about art and make the reasoning easy to accept

d
Staff members of the state organs use the common language of the state to perform official duties, which is conducive to showing their solemnity, seriousness, and the professional characteristics of obeying the law, law enforcement, and serving the public.At the same time, it also reflects the modern and open atmosphere and requirements.People speak Mandarin well, and using standardized words is not only a requirement of work, but also a manifestation of their own quality, taste and image.
What is the main emphasis of this text?
A.correct, standardized use of common language, is accurate, funny need to perform official duties
B.Correct and standardized use of common languages is necessary to ensure the smooth flow of government orders.
C.The correct and standardized use of common languages is an example for the society
D.Correct and standardized use of common language is the need for staff's national awareness and legal awareness

d
In the past two years, as the prices of energy and resource products in the international market have continued to rise sharply, the manufacturing costs of manufacturing have continued to rise, making the prices of various types of manufactured products in fiercely competitive international markets also gradually rising, and price increases have begun to move from upstream to upstream.Downstream transmission.At the same time, the rise in international commodity market prices has also begun to be passed to countries, especially the sharp rise in energy and agricultural product prices has gradually promoted the rising consumer price index in various countries.
What is the emphasis of this text?
A.International commodity market prices are beginning to pass to countries
B.Price increases begin to pass from upstream to downstream of manufacturing
C.Impact of Manufacturing Production Costs on Consumer Price Indexes in Various Countries
D.Impact of the prices of energy and resource products in the international market on domestic consumer prices

a
Ecological civilization is the goal of cultural change put forward after deep reflection on the meaning of human activities in the context of an increasingly serious ecological crisis.As early as the 19th century, Engels made a prophecy of guarding against retaliation in nature And said: "Only a conscious social production organization that systematically produces and distributes in it can promote humans from the rest of the animals in terms of social relations, just as general production once lifted humans out of species relations.The rest of the animals ascended."
What's the point of this text?
A.Ecological problems are actually the relationship between people and nature, and ecological problems are closely related to social problems
B.The social root of ecological damage is that the social production organization does not consciously carry out production and distribution in a planned way
C.The construction of ecological civilization is actually to strengthen environmental protection and promote harmony between man and nature
D.To solve the problem of the construction of ecological civilization, the basic position of Dialectics of Nature must be used as the theoretical basis

b
In the animal world, each animal is a potential food for other animals.When an animal observes another animal entering its field of vision, it must "determine" whether it is "offensive", "still in place" or "Escape".Choosing an attack can make the opponent's own food.Choosing "Do not move" can watch time changes, but it may also miss the opportunity to attack or escape.Choosing "Escape" is the most secure strategy, but if the other party is not dangerous, and "escape" is not necessary.If the other party is weak, choosing "escape" will make you lose the chance to get food.,
What does this passage say?
A.Behavioral choices for animals
B.Every animal s decision is related to its survival
C.If it is a carnivore, it may become the food of the other party
D.Animal behavioral selection is instinctive, it is the result of evolution

a
Urban slogans should be expressed in the most concise, accurate, infectious and comprehensible language, and excavate the city's unique spiritual connotation and terroir.In other words, concise, incisive, general, and profound, this should be formulated The most basic characteristics and requirements of a city tagline in terms of language expression.On the other hand, the city taglines prepared in some cities in China are not redundant and far-fetched.Luo Zhi, or too far-fetched in quality mining, gives people a deliberate, blind or even impetuous feeling.
What's the point of this text?
A.Urban slogans should highlight urban characteristics
B.Ambiguous, difficult to reflect the style of the city
C.Climbing the affiliate meeting, dilute the personality of the city
D.Forced redundancies, blindly causing urban characteristics

c
The current annual output of formaldehyde in China is very large, and the occupational hazards of formaldehyde are very wide, such as used in the production of resins, the manufacture of plastics and coatings, fabric finishing and the production of industrial chemicals.Formaldehyde can not only cause nasal cancer and sinuses Cancer, and may cause leukemia.Because the current evidence on leukemia is limited to epidemiological findings, it is not yet possible to analyze the mechanism of leukemia canceration.The "formaldehyde carcinogenic analysis" released by the World Health Organization was contaminated by 26 experts.Results of reviews in 10 countries.
What does this text say?
A.Formaldehyde has been identified as a carcinogen
B.Don't take "formaldehyde pollution" like a breeze
C.Attention should be paid to formaldehyde pollution
D.Experts' advice to prevent formaldehyde pollution

b
Cost refers to the material or energy paid to achieve a certain purpose, or some trade-offs, pays, inputs, and consumptions, such as doing more with the least cost.
What does the following mean for this price?
A.Costs were seen in daily life
B.People seek maximum profit in economic life at the least cost
C.Cost is a measure of reason
D.The price is the inherent inevitability of human development based on history, and the subject of social practice is the realization of the dominant development goal and the further reasonable development of the entire society

c
Cactus is a leafless, knotty, thorny "evergreen plant" and "guardian plant", whether it is born in deserts, cliffs, inaccessible places, parks, roadsides such as rivers, She can be calm and carefree, and welcome the sunrise and sunset with a smile.Whether it is fat like a hill or thin as a lone peak, she can relax and lose weight without worry; Do not think of sorrow inside to nourish, it is a little "Mo Si endless things outside, and the limited cup before his life" taste.
This text describes mainly:
A.The cactus is open-minded, and the style of the cactus is beautiful
B.The cactus is broad-minded and the spirit of the cactus is noble
C.The life of the cactus is strong, and the taste of the cactus is natural
D.Cactus is an ordinary "vase", but it is an unusual "thorn"

c
If the foundation is solid, there will be branches and leaves and fruit.If the foundation is shallow, the branches will inevitably become weak and the wind will not help.The mountain does not explain its height and does not affect its towering clouds; the sea does not explain its depth, and Does not affect its ability to accommodate Baichuan; the earth does not explain its thickness, but no one can replace it as a place to nurture all things.In life, we often come up with the idea of explaining something.However, once we explain it, we find that any explanation is the same Pale and weak.
The text tells us the truth:
A.Boiling water does not sound
B.Those who want to succeed must be strict
C.Being low-key is a wisdom
D.Redundant and embarrassing explanations

c
Seeing an old spinning wheel at the corner of the interior, my ears seemed to sound that buzzing sound all night; seeing the old loom, the past seemed to come to mind in the rhythmic weaving sound.Ancient traditional techniques, male farming and female weaving, natural justice.The homespun cloth is often used as a dowry for rural girls and a testament to their ingenuity.Farmer women sit by the loom and weave their colorful lives and dreams innocently.Snowy or flowery homebrew.
The main expression of this text is:
A.Return to the original state of mind, return to Park
B.The true feelings of the world are hidden in the homespun
C.Old things and folk customs
D.The glitz of the past passes through

c
Some people say: Those who do not enjoy some kind of social service are like a large desert, those who enjoy this kind of social service are like an oasis in the large desert, the desert is always engulfing the oasis, and the only way to protect the oasis is Turn the desert into an oasis as soon as possible.
This text explains:
A.Law of Large Numbers
B.Desert effect
C.Oasis effect
D.The rule of elimination

a
During the foraging process, hundreds or thousands of ants come and go between the anthill and the place where the food is located, and eventually they can get food in a relatively short time, but there is never any congestion.German scientist Huerbing It was found that avoiding road congestion is based on communication between ants.When congestion may occur on one road, the returning ant sends a pheromone to the oncoming companion and lets it choose another road.He believes that humans can take the same approach.Reduce vehicle congestion.
This text explains mainly:
A.Smart Ants Inspire Humans to Solve Traffic Congestion
B.Solve problems and find ideas from ants foraging
C.Interchange situation, bypass can avoid encountering congestion
D.Non-congestion of ants and human vehicle congestion

c
The three monks met in the ruined temple."This temple's desertion must be a monk's piety." Monk A said."Must be a monk who is not industrious." B monk said."It must be a monk disrespect." C monk said.The three dispute No matter what, I decided to stay and do my best.So Monk A chanted the Buddhist scriptures, Monk B organized the temple affairs, Monk C preached the preaching script, and the incense was getting stronger.It gradually disappeared again.
The text tells us the truth:
A.All successes and failures depend on time, place and people
B.The phrase "three monks have no water to eat" makes sense
C.Success is popular, failure is popular; gain is popular, loss is popular
D.Division of responsibility

c
Kai trees, oval fruits, red, delicate wood.According to legend, this tree was first grown next to the tomb of Confucius, with tall and straight trunks and leafy branches.It seems to be an example of many trees.Mould trees, green in spring, and red in blood in summer, It turns white in autumn and black in winter.Because of its pure color, "unstained by dust" is also an example of trees.According to legend, this tree first grew next to Zhou Gong's tomb.These two trees are called "kai" and " 1."Model" is a metaphor for people, so people's exemplary behavior is called "model".
The text is intended to explain:
A."kai" and "mo" are the names of two trees
B.The word "model" has the word "wood"
C."Model" originally referred to two trees
D.Kai trees, mold trees have aura

b
On December 2, 2008, CCTV's "News Broadcasting" broadcasted content about the "cottage phenomenon", and 50% of netizens were optimistic about "cottage products"."Cottage style" has been popular in the folk for a long time, and it has been deeply rooted in grassroots innovation.The imprint of the wisdom of the masses, it ran all the way on the path of imitating and surpassing the intestines, and finally broke into the perspective of mainstream culture.It initially targeted only low-end consumer groups, but slowly broke through the limitations and evolution of low-income consumer groups.For a popular fashion.
The main expression of this text is:
A.Why did the cottage wind get into the news webcast?
B.Interpretation in the sense of cottage pop culture
C."The cottage style" sent seemingly high-end products to the hands of ordinary people
D.Analyze the path of copycat style from the perspective of economic consumption

b
The numbers in idioms are used a lot.For example, they are full of vigor and prosperity.Non-integer numbers have also entered idioms, such as half-way, half-dominated.There are two idioms: kill two birds with one stone and kill two birds with one stone."Two" and "double" are numbers "2" Different representations.Most idioms are composed of four words, and numerals are sometimes "used together", such as five brilliant colors, three heads and six arms.There are also idioms composed of numerals purely, such as three three two, one fifty one ten.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.The relationship between idioms and numbers
B.Idioms
C.Number Idioms and Idiom Numbers
D.Idioms with numbers

a
Among the pre-Qin Confucian schools, Confucianism and Taoism are the two most influential, and Confucianism and Taoism are the two main lines of traditional Chinese culture.The Analects and Lao Zi are the main representative works of Confucianism and Taoism.With the source of Taoist thought seized, it is easier to grasp the ins and outs of traditional Chinese culture, and it is also possible to avoid a one-way understanding of traditional Chinese culture, and it is easy to compare the two ideas of Confucianism and Taoism.
The gist of this text is:
A.To promote Chinese traditional culture, you must first understand The Analects and Lao Tzu
B.The Analects and Lao Tzu have had a broad and far-reaching influence on Chinese politics
C.In Chinese traditional culture, the most classic originals are The Analects and Lao Zi
D.Reading the Analects and Lao Tzu will lay a good foundation for spreading Chinese culture

b
A British newspaper once held a prize-winning campaign titled: Three people were carried on a hot air balloon.One is an environmental expert who can save people from the bad luck of environmental pollution; the other is a nuclear expert who has the ability to prevent a global nuclear war; the third is a food expert who can save tens of millions of people from famine.At this moment the hot air balloon is about to crash.One person must be dropped to reduce the load.Who should be left? The answer letter flew like snowflakes, and as a result, the winner of the huge bonus was a little boy.His answer was: go fattest.
The correct interpretation of this text is:
A.This is an example of more solutions than problems
B.This is an example of simplification of complex problems
C.This is the option to get things done quickly
D.This is the story of a small puck solving a big problem

d
Although there are autumn wind and autumn frost, cabbage is flourishing.There are not many new greens in late autumn.At this time, the field flowers are dying, and the cabbage is still watery.Lifting your face joyfully in the sun makes life hopeful.The white cabbage is as beautiful as the yellow of pumpkin and the red of pepper.
The words that best summarize this text are:
A.Frost is a kind of experience for plants
B.The extreme beauty of home-made cabbage
C.Sweetened cabbage with aftertaste
D.Cabbage overflows the true flavor of life

b
On the bus, a man opened his mouth and yawned.A few people around him could not help but yawned.Some people did not yawn because they were not implied.Who is implied? It can be checked through a simple test.Have a person extend his hands horizontally, palms facing up, and close his eyes.Tell him that he now has a hydrogen balloon tied to his left hand and keeps floating upwards; a piece is tied on his right-hand Big rock, falling down.After three minutes, look at the gap between his hands, the greater the distance, the more suggestive.
This text explains mainly:
A.People are often lost in themselves, forming a certain degree of herd mentality
B.People are easily susceptible to information from the outside world, which leads to deviations in self-perception
C.It is easy to believe that a general, general personality description is particularly suitable for him
D.In daily life, it is impossible for people to always observe themselves as an outsider

b
The word "post-80s" first appeared in online forums in 2001, referring to a group of poets born in the 1980s who were active in online forums.Since 2003, it has more to refer to a group of commercial A well-known writer born after 1980.At the end of 2004, with the emergence of "post-80s writers" in batches, the term was gradually used to refer to the entire group of young people born in the 1980s.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A."Hopeful" Generation
B.Origin of "post-80s"
C.A rational view of the "post-80s" from a new perspective
D.The "post-80s" cause widespread concern in society

c
Huangshan pine grows in a hard-to-see environment of the Huangshan rock clumps.It is 1,670 meters above sea level, and the age of the famous pine is hundreds of years.These pine trees are resistant to wind and frost.The leaves are short and thick, the crown is flat and sharp, the green is deep, the branches are tough and flexible, and one plant looks vibrant and very tenacious.Yingke Song stands up beside the green lion stone.For more than a thousand years, two giant arms greeted guests from all over the world.
This passage makes people realize:
A.Pine and stone are closely connected with the outside world
B.Between pine and stone, there is no longer me without you, you die and I live
C.People and the environment, people and people, turn a disadvantage into reciprocity and achieve harmony in competition and competition
D.From many people, things, things, insight into a wonderful world that others cannot understand

d
There was a sudden fire in a theater full of spectators, and those eager to escape were eager to escape from the limited emergency exit as soon as possible, but when everyone crowded into a group, it was bound to affect the escape due to mutual crowding and trample on each other Speed.In this emergency situation, the best solution is that everyone adopts a cooperative strategy at the same time and pass the emergency exit in an orderly manner according to certain rules.
The main emphasis of this text is:
A.The parties will harm both their own interests and the interests of others
B.Self-interest strategies often fail to achieve the goal of maximizing their own returns
C.Protecting your own interests requires cooperation and paying a price
D.Cooperation strategies are more conducive to maximizing the utility of the parties than self-interest strategies

b
The reason why the financial crisis has spread to the whole world is largely because each economy has experienced an "economic prosperity" period of 6 to 7 years of extraordinary expansion in financial scale, unprecedented development of financial innovation and its financial derivatives.Under this model, the prices of various assets are constantly and irrationally pushed up.The key to managing the crisis is to return various assets that have been speculated to high prices to their reasonable price levels.A period of asset depreciation is inevitable This is a "debt repayment" for past rapid appreciation.
The exact summary of this text is:
A.Proactive fiscal policy and appropriate loose monetary policy should be adopted to stimulate the economy
B.Stimulate the economy and squeeze the "bubble"
C.The goal of stimulating the economy is to make the economy work properly
D.Maintaining high levels of asset prices through government action or government advocacy

a
American economist Paul Federman always buys donuts for every research contract he gets.Later, he developed the habit of putting a basket of donuts in the office every weekend for everyone to eat.In order to recover the cost He put a basket next to the bread basket with the recommended price.As a result, this unattended collection basket recovered 95% of the bread money.Later, he resigned to sell doughnuts.Every morning, he took the doughnuts and the collection basket.After a few years, Federman made as much money as when he was a research analyst.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.An experiment on honesty
B.A story of making money by wisdom
C.Generation of a new sales method
D.Treating business as an economic experiment

a
When a person leaves your sight and disappears for only a few seconds, you will give him a comment, but it will not work when faced up.Smart people must see their back more important than their front face.This back is one of their own.Statue.The sculpture is operated by others, and the materials and scale are provided by ourselves.We don't expect to make everyone perfect, but at least "walk over" ourselves and don't let others poke the backbone.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.Be optimistic about your back
B.Back view is more important than the front face
C.People stay in the name, geese stay in the voice
D.Back view is a person's virtue and reputation

b
There is a pointy grass on the African grassland, which is the tallest thatch there, but its growth process is very special.In the first half of the year, it was almost the shortest grass on the grassland, only an inch high, but after half a year of rain Once it arrived, it was like magic, after three or five days, there was a height of one meter six to two meters.It turned out that in the first six months, the spike grass was not long, but it was always in the roots, before the rainy season.Although it shows an inch, it takes root more than 28 meters underground.
This text inspires people:
A.One cannot grow up just above the ground
B.The stronger a person's foundation, the greater the development potential
C.The earliest start, not necessarily the best developed
D.People can't look, and seawater can't fight

b
Mei Lanfang is not instantly forgotten like most stars who have become popular because of media packaging.He was not loved by new screenwriters such as Wisp and Jail, but because of being in the performances of traditional operas such as `` Drunken Concubine '', `` Farewell My Concubine '' and `` Fenhewan '', they not only abide by the rules, but also surpass their predecessors.Although inspired by the mass media, they have experienced a period of hustle and bustle in addition to old ones.Return to traditional style and become a generation of masters.
This text mainly states:
A.Mei Lanfang was a media hero in China during the first half of the 20th century
B.Mei Lanfang's art tree is evergreen because of his deep traditional art accumulation
C.The success of Mei Lanfang is the success of China's Peking Opera
D.How Mei Lanfang became the most outstanding performing artist in the eyes of Peking Opera audiences

b
The so-called "using the IP address or network name as the defendant" is actually only for the pre-filing procedure.In this way, the plaintiff of the network infringement can apply to the people's court to investigate the relevant information of the defendant's identity, and can verify the formal filing of the trial.From this, it can be seen that this is actually the plaintiff requesting the court to use its investigative power to find out the person behind the IP address or network name, and to transfer the power of investigation to verify the "defendant's specific identity" to the court.Without special investigative powers, most of the public also do not have the technical means to conduct online tracking.If the court still cannot find out after the intervention, it will still not be accepted.As long as there is no clear defendant, the plaintiff's lawsuit will be meaningless ----- -Not to mention that during the trial, the "defendant" could not defend, even if the plaintiff won the lawsuit, there was no responsible person to bear the corresponding civil liability.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.Introduce the plight of legal issues in the Internet age
B.Analysis of the plaintiff's disadvantaged position in online infringement cases
C.Analysis of the importance of the identification of the defendant in the case
D.Explain the way of identifying defendants in online infringement cases and their significance

a
Due to the combination of heaven and earth, the inner and outer walls are all rounded forward.The main buildings are round, and the outer walls of the Qiuqiu and the outer walls of the Qi Nian Temple are square, symbolizing the place of heaven.The cypress, a green sea, eliminates all interference from the field of vision.Put yourself in the hills, look up at the heavens, look around the green earth, the solemn atmosphere, and lead to the realm of imperial power, the union of heaven and earth, and the dialogue between man and heaven.The double columns of the inside and outside of the twelve columns symbolize December and twelve hours.The ceiling is soaring, and the dragon is in awe.The cigarettes are misty and the music is loud during the sacrifice, which strengthens the reverence and belief in heaven.
This text mainly introduces the Temple of Heaven:
A.Artistic mood
B.artistic style
C.Layout Features
D.Design philosophy

c
"Unknown Lacquerware" was unearthed at the Tomb of Ruyin Houzao in the Western Han Dynasty in Fuyang, Anhui Province in 1977.It has been verified that it is the earliest existing guillema in the world with a definite date.The display, using the shadow cast by its north ear at noon, can indicate the arrival of the winter solstice, spring equinox, summer solstice, and autumn equinox.The geographic latitude of this type of table is fixed, and it has been calculated that the tomb of Ruminghou Qi The applicable latitude of the Gui watch is exactly in the area from Changan to Ruming Hou Kingdom in the Han Dynasty.The subtlety of this Gui watch is that the positions of the four solar terms are not indicated by scales, but are implicitly embedded in wooden blocks and lacquerware.Some special patterns and positions.
Regarding this table, which of the following statement is correct:
A: May indicate twenty-four solar terms
B.The age of use is unknown
C.Applicable to specific geographic locations
D.The table is marked with a detailed time scale

c
The latest data shows that there are currently about 13,000 new cases of malignant melanoma in the UK each year, compared to just 1,800 in 1975.In terms of prevalence, 17 out of every 10,000 British people now have the disease The prevalence rate 40 years ago was three ten-thousandths.Malignant melanoma kills more than 2,000 people in the UK each year, making it the fifth leading cancer killer.The British Cancer Research Association believes that the increase in the prevalence of this skin cancer is related to People's lifestyles are related, such as not paying attention to sun protection, the increasing popularity of sunbathing, and the "artificial tanning" that is gradually emerging.Experts from this research society remind that people must pay attention to sun protection while enjoying the sun, and sunburn itself is in the skin cells.A hallmark of DNA damage, the long-term accumulation of this damage increases the risk of skin cancer.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The root cause of sunburn is damaged DNA in skin cells
B.Neglect of sun protection causes a sharp rise in skin cancer in the UK
C.Long-term accumulation of sunburn increases skin cancer risk
D.The current prevalence of malignant melanoma in the UK is more than 50 times that of 40 years ago

b
Since 1990, sea levels have risen by an average of about 18 centimeters.The threat from melting glaciers not only puts some well-known cities at risk of being submerged, but as the Arctic glaciers accelerate to melt, the distribution of Earth's gravity will also be directly affected.In addition, the Arctic's receding glaciers and melting water are leaking methane on a large scale, which will have a significant impact on the global climate.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Climate change in the Arctic has increased significantly in the last century
B.Melting glaciers will pose many potential dangers to the planet
C.Governing methane leaks in the Arctic will be a major challenge for humanity
D.Melting glaciers will put more and more cities at risk

a
Swiss psychologist Jung said: "Every culture is precipitated as a personality.It is not Goethe who created Faust, but Faust who created Goethe." What he called "Faust" is no longer a specific The person's name refers to the collective personality of the nation to which he belongs, which is also a symbol of culture.This collective personality has long existed, and Goethe just showed it.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Literary works carry the mission of expressing cultural characteristics
B.The complex cultural connection between writer and work
C.The accumulation of culture forms a specific collective personality
D.Faust's cultural symbolism is far higher than its cultural value

b
Transgenic phytase gene corn is mainly used for feed processing.The contained phytase can decompose phytate phosphorus in feed and release inorganic phosphorus that can be used by animals.At the same time, it can reduce the content of phosphorus in animal manure and reduce Environmental pollution; it can also reduce the investment in plant, equipment and energy when producing phytase by industrial fermentation.Therefore, the phytase produced with corn as a carrier is directly used for feed processing, which realizes environmentally-friendly and energy-saving agriculture The dream of producing "green" phosphorus by production methods has huge industrial advantages and application prospects.
The correct understanding of this text is:
A.Maize feed processing technology with phytase gene is quite mature
B.Using phytase gene corn processing feed is in line with the environmental protection concept of modern green agriculture
C.Planting phytase gene corn has less investment and great returns
D.Corn-based phytase production will replace modern industrial fermentation methods

c
17 copper coins unearthed today in Xiji County, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, located in the north section of the East Road of China's Silk Road, were identified as "Guishuang Dynasty" coins left over from the ancient Silk Road.Rising from Central Asia's slavery country, it developed into its heyday from 105 to 250 AD.It was considered to be one of the four great powers of Europe and Asia at that time.It was tied with the Han Dynasty, Rome, and rest.A type of coin with important historical value, manufactured by Greek pressing method, with a texture of gold, silver, copper and other materials.The front of the coin is often designed with the same emphasis on characters, characters and patterns, and the shape is approximately circular or oval.Dozens of Guishuang coins have been unearthed in the Hotan area.
The following statements are consistent with the original:
A.For the first time in China, precious coins have been discovered
B.Guishuang Dynasty emerged around the first century AD
C.Guishuang Dynasty was involved in the trade of the ancient Silk Road
D.Guishuang coin uses the most popular minting technology at the time

b
For ordinary people, it's not just about how much the price has gone up or down, but to wonder if the money they have paid is unjust and reasonable.The reason why consumers are so sensitive to fluctuations in the price of resources such as electricity prices To some extent, this type of price is set by the government, and the operators are mostly state-owned monopolies.The costs are not disclosed, and the pricing is not transparent.Will the operating companies rely on monopoly status to obtain huge profits? It is precise because of the asymmetric information that it is easy for consumers to have doubts about the reform of resource prices.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The public is relatively sensitive to fluctuations in the prices of resources
B.Reform of resource prices should give the public the right to know
C.Monopoly is the real reason why the price of resource products is difficult to reform
D.The government should withdraw from the pricing mechanism for resource products

d
Scientists believe that the absorption of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere by the ocean temporarily eases the rise of carbon dioxide concentration, and once this mitigation effect fails, the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere will increase at a faster rate.So, will the increased carbon dioxide cause the atmospheric temperature to rise? Although most scientists believe the answer is yes, this is a long process with many variables, so climate change skeptics have been writing on this point, trying to convince ordinary people that carbon dioxide concentration is not necessarily related to atmospheric temperature.This strategy is so effective that many people today still refuse to believe that human activities are responsible for global warming, and therefore refuse to participate in reducing emissions.
What this text is most likely to say next is:
A.Climate change has little to do with carbon dioxide concentration
B.Ocean's ability to absorb carbon dioxide is getting weaker
C.Human activity causes an increase in carbon dioxide concentration
D.Human activity is the main cause of global warming

a
There is nothing wrong with studying the West, but it is wrong to treat the West as "truth".China does not reject other civilizations and values, but Chinese culture itself must become the subject.In the process of learning the West, because there is no subject consciousness, China Culture loses its dominant position.The problem is that Western discourse dominated by Western culture cannot explain everything in China.Today, more and more people have realized that Western discourse cannot explain themselves.However, few people create or invent This situation does not change.China will never have its own words, its own concepts and its own theories, let alone cultural soft power.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.The main position of Chinese culture should be established first when studying the West
B.Both Chinese and Western cultures should have independent value systems
C.Only when you are strong can you have the right to speak in cultural communication
D.Cultural creation or innovation in Chinese-Western communication should take a different approach

a
Almost everyone in life understands that they must not cut their feet to fit.However, there are a lot of people who change their characters for the sake of their profession.Do you really need to adapt to the huge cost of changing your character? This is a typical upside-down.Why is it so simple in daily life that it takes us years, even decades, to really understand?
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Consider your personality when looking for a job
B.Pay attention to strengths and avoid weaknesses in life and work
C.Career success depends on a love of career
D.A real understanding of the simple truth also takes time.

a
Confucius said, "Fifty knows the destiny", Zhu Xi notes: "Destiny, that is, the endowment of heaven, is given to food, of course, it is also the reason.Knowing this knows very well, but it is not confusing and indecision." Speaking of destiny from heaven, but inhumane terms, "knowing destiny" is a half-life life quest, knowing the limitations of one's life, knowing what can be done, and taking it as inappropriate, because this "knowledge" not only generates self-will A profound change in behavior, but also a major transformation in the relationship between self and the world.
The text is intended to:
A.Interpretation of "knowing destiny" from a humanitarian perspective
b.Explain that "knowing the destiny" can control self-will
C.Demonstrate that "knowing destiny" requires a certain life experience
D.Discrimination of "knowledge of destiny" of different stream parties

b
People have free will, that is, subjective judgments, personal preferences, and choices.From the perspective of psychological research, the harder you succeed, the happier you are; the more success you need to think about, the happier you are.; The more satisfied you are through self-control, the happier you are.The tracing experiments of psychologists have found that the more able to endure their impulsive children, the easier it is to get into college, get married, and get a doctorate.Children who cannot help meeting their desires immediately are more likely to drop out of school, more likely to divorce, and more likely to be frustrated.
The text is intended to explain:
A.People's efforts to succeed are directly proportional to their happiness
B.The degree of control over free will determines how happy people are
C.Happiness as a subjective experience can be explored with psychological methods
D.Cultivating a child's self-control ability from an early age is essential for his growth

a
In the Louvre in reality, you need to wait dozens of minutes outside the Mona Lisa to get close to the yellowish painting for a moment.The virtual museum can now be effective: the throbbing crowd is gone, The distance is gone, and only the highly restored exhibition hall and 7 billion pixels of infinitely detailed details and textures are pushed in front of the eyes.Although the museum has a rich collection and long-term exhibitions, due to the limited space, not all works will be displayed at the same time In the exhibition hall, but in the digital exhibition hall, you can view those rare artworks at any time.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Advantages of Digital Museum
B.Future directions for museums
C.Technical limitations of traditional museums
D.Importance of building a digital museum

b
There is a certain lack of security in the heart of the world, and there is a need to overcome this inherent insecurity.People call this resulting instinctual desire "salvation." Western culture reflects the nomadic people.The feelings of the ancestors, so when the existing aquatic weeds are used, the way out is always to seek an external oasis.On the contrary, Chinese culture reflects the feelings of the ancestors of mainland farmers.It is to start from self-employment on the spot, such as building irrigation pipes, improving soil and seeds, etc., with a view to improving the quality and quantity of crops in the coming year.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Historical background that forms the difference between Eastern and Western concepts of "redemption"
B.The difference between the Eastern and Western concepts of "redemption" stems from their different cultural connotations
C.Eastern and Western cultures have different perceptions of "redemption"
D.Self-improvement is the right way to "redeem"

b
Contemporary anthropological research believes that culture has a certain personality temperament.It often chooses one temperament or integrates several related temperaments, and "arbitrarily" rubs this choice into every aspect of social life, and in academics and art The field performance is particularly outstanding.This theory of cultural temperament provides new ideas and references for the study of Chinese aesthetics.If our vision extends from "aesthetics" to "aesthetic culture" and it is assumed that Chinese aesthetic culture has a certain temperament, then The exploration and identification of this type of temperament type, structure, cause, background, etc.will undoubtedly expand new academic territory.
"New academic territory" in this passage most likely refers to:
A.Cultural roots of Chinese aesthetics
B.Changes in Chinese aesthetic culture
C.Differences between Chinese and Western aesthetic culture
D.Impact of Western Aesthetics on China

b
In the past 50 years, the use of non-standard languages has caused a serious debate.One side is a normist who believes that people need to be instructed on how to speak and write; the other is a descriptive who believes that we can only discuss the current language.Usage.Normativeists believe that some usages are correct and some are wrong.Promoting correct usages is to uphold the truth and respect the essence of civilization.To condone errors is to encourage relativism, vulgar populism, and simplification of literature.Descriptivism the author believes that the correct specification is a mandatory rule, language is the creative organic activity of human beings, and people should have the freedom to write as they please.
The following statements fit the descriptivist point of view:
A.The civilianization of language should become the mainstream of the media
B.Internet hot words can be used on a larger scale
C.Normative language holds people's minds
D.Language should advance with the times

c
When we no longer think about things with a utilitarian attitude, when we no longer face life with a professional perspective, when we introduce amateur gaming spirit into offices and classrooms, aesthetics loosens the stereotypically repetitive everyday life.We can find more aesthetic pleasure in it, and realize the deeper true meaning of life.Lao Tzu put forward a classic proposition of Taoist aesthetics, "Clean up Xuanjian", "Clear up" is to make the mind empty and quiet, and to abandon those desires and Prejudice, so that you can "Xuanjian", that is, to see deep things.This proposition has later evolved into a series of important categories and propositions of Chinese aesthetics, such as Zhuangzi's "Xinzhai", "Sat forget", and Zong Bing's "Cheng Huaiguan Tao "and so on.
The text refers to the ideas of Lao Tzu and Zhuang Tzu to explain:
A.Relationship between aesthetics and daily life
B.What makes Chinese aesthetics unique
C.The sublimation effect of non-utility aesthetics on daily life
D.History of Chinese aesthetics

c
Due to the unique chemical characteristics of silk, it is difficult to preserve embroidery for a long time in the humid climate of Sichuan, so there are very few embroideries found in Sichuan archeology, and it is impossible to trace the origin of Shu embroidery by archeological methods.However, Shu embroidery is still retained in other forms A gilt piece of the feather was removed.In 1986, a bronze statue of about 4800 years ago was unearthed at the Sanxingdui site in Chengdu.Body moire and thunder.At the level of textile technology at the time, these decorative patterns could not be woven by a textile machine.Because the performance of the pattern is the same as that of the Western Zhou embroidery unearthed in Baoji, Shaanxi in 1974, it is most likely to be Embroidered by the lock embroidery method, this inference traces the history of Shu embroidery to the ancient Shu Sanxingdui civilization that was contemporary with the civilization of the Central Plains Xia Dynasty.
The following statements are consistent with the original:
A.Lock embroidery originated from Shu embroidery
B.Early Shu embroidery was mostly used for making costumes
C.Bronze Liren is most likely wearing an embroidered costume
D.It is difficult to infer its age through the manufacturing process of the unearthed embroidery

c
With the economic development, the social structure of the city is undergoing profound changes.The originally harmonious and harmonious relationship between the neighbors gradually collapsed because of the icy reinforced concrete forest.The traditional neighborhood relationship is not only worth thinking about, but it may not be worthy of unconditional respect.To some extent, the interpersonal communication method that uses familiarity as the yardstick and the depth of friendship as the standard of conduct is contrary to the spirit of modern society that pays more attention to contracts and the rule of law.At the moment when market awareness is deeply rooted in people's hearts, people's awareness of rights and interests continues Improving the protection of personal privacy is also increasingly strengthened.It is reasonable to use a door to block outside disturbances and snooping from others.Objectively speaking, adapting to the rules of society of strangers is a must for modern urban people.Quality.
Indifferent to the neighborhood relationship, the author's attitude is:
A.Regrets, reflecting the separation between people in the process of urbanization
B.Agree, think this is of great significance to cut off the human bond in China
C.Understand that this is in line with the protection of privacy in modern society and the requirements of the rule of law
D.Helpless, I think this is an unavoidable price in the process of urbanization

b
The reality of the development of children's films in China is indeed not optimistic: China produces 40 to 50 children's films every year.Of these, 1/10 is of good quality, but it lacks specialized personnel or institutions for market promotion and promotion.It s hard to let elementary and middle school students know, so there are very few children's movies that can be screened, and even if they are released, it is difficult to escape the one-day movie theater tour.Does that mean that children's films are dead in China? The data shows that the number of minors in China has reached 367 million, which is a huge audience.At present, most parents are in the 70s and 80s.Many of them have movie viewing habits and movie complexes, and with the continuous improvement of living standards Watching movies has become an increasingly important spiritual need for people.Therefore, it is also a popular trend to take children to watch movies.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The status quo of the development of children's films in China is very bleak
B.China's children's film market is actually promising
C.Film quality has become a major factor hindering film development
D.Improved living standards help expand the film market

b
Today, with diverse interests and a highly developed information network, the government can't do without the participation of the public.Building a car behind closed doors and doing what we do can easily diverge from the public and have to face pressure from social public opinion, stability considerations, and even higher authorities.In the sense that distrust of the government is often caused by a lack of awareness and understanding of decision-making, which affects the credibility of the government, in this sense, the introduction of public participation is a necessary choice for the government in the governance process.
The text is intended to explain:
A.How to protect the public's right to know
B.The need for public participation in government governance
C.How to ensure the effectiveness of government
D.The importance of transparency in government decision-making processes

a
Chinese society, which is in the process of high industrialization and urbanization, is facing many governance problems such as energy tension, traffic congestion, and environmental pollution, and solving these problems will require a long and difficult process.In contrast, the food and drug industry Governance will be easier and more effective.Compared with western developed countries, the main food and drug safety risks in Chinese society are the risks caused by artificial fraud and adulteration and the risks from the environment.The government can comprehensively use administrative supervision, judicial proceedings, economic rewards and punishments Governance by various means such as standard construction.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Governance of food safety may be effective in the short to medium term
B.The government's ability to govern food safety must be comprehensively improved
C.Food and Drug Safety Governance is a long and complex systematic project
D.Food and medicine should be integrated into the comprehensive system of safety management

d
What is magic realism? To put it simply, to put reality on a singular magic coat, but not to damage the reality.This is the most important genre of novels in Latin America in the 20th century.It originated in the 1930s and was mainly manifested in American Indians and blacks in the early days.The discovery of myths and legends has evolved into a deep reflection on the reality of Latin American society after the 1940s.Through the appearance of various mythical prototypes to show the mix of Latin American culture and social malformations, the reason why magical realism can take root in Latin America is related to this.The unique civilization and social realities of the block continent are inseparable.
What is likely to be introduced next is:
A.How Latin American writers embody their longing for national destiny and real life in their works
B.Representative authors and works of magic realism that reflect the reality of Latin American society
C.Latin American literature flourishes with the rise of magic realism
D.Impact of Latin American civilization and social characteristics on magical realism

d
Kuznets's inverted U curve theory states: "In the early stages of economic growth, although people's income did not decrease, social income distribution became unequal; as the economy continued to grow, the degree of unequal income distribution After the economic growth reached a higher level, income distribution became equal again."This theoretical hypothesis is to a certain extent consistent with the historical reality of economic growth in developed western countries, but he also pointed out that repeating the previous model of developed countries, he thought Income inequality has promoted economic growth, and it is necessary for less developed countries to strengthen current income inequality, which is a "dangerous analogy." In the practice of western economic development, solving the issue of equity is not a natural transition, but rather through active intervention by the government and society to eliminate the adverse effects of industrialization and urbanization, increase the proportion of the general public's income in the country's growing income, and create legal and political pressure on high-income people, thereby making social income distribution Turn to justice.
The following statement most closely matches this passage:
A.Economic growth will not spontaneously promote a fair distribution of social income
B.The state can effectively monitor and guarantee social equity through macro-control
C.The income distribution model of developed countries follows the principle of efficiency first
D.The inverted U curve theory is not suitable for the economic growth model of less developed countries

a
Today, books and information are vast.On the surface, readers have unlimited freedom and can choose freely in the vast sea of books.But in fact, they have virtually become captives of the mass media.Mass media has a powerful agenda setting function.Book advertisements, reading rankings, book reviewer recommendations, targeted pushes to books, and what finally appears in front of readers are often just a narrow reading menu.Under the new media environment, this kind of targeted push is even more commonplace.New In a way, the media is a giant book search engine.Everyone is using the new media to catch books, and the results are mostly homogeneous.That is to say, reading in the new media environment is easy.Reduced to "formatted" reading: Not only the selected reading content is formatted, but even the reading method, reading interest will also be "formatted".And this "formatted" reading has a lot of concealment, Not easy to find.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Mass media and new media have a strong influence on reading
B.Formatted reading is easy for readers to form a mindset
C.The book market should provide readers with multiple reading options
D.Readers should take a reasonable look at the reading menu pushed by the media

b
The authority of the law comes from people's inner support and sincere belief.With good law, if it is not strictly implemented, it will form a "broken window effect", damage the dignity of the law, and shake the foundation of the law.However, when emphasizing the legal system, many people, However, we intentionally or unintentionally exclude the "people".The so-called "rule of law is not governing the people, but governors." Indeed, we talk about governing the country according to law, governing according to law, and administering according to law, mainly for those exercising power.It is required to earnestly grasp the "key minority" of leading cadres.However, whether it is governing the country, ruling or administration, the cooperation of citizens is required.Citizens need to act as the result of obeying the relevant powers of their counterparts, and need to pass various channels in accordance with statutory regulations.And form, and participate in "managing national affairs, managing economic and cultural undertakings, and managing social affairs".Therefore, on the one hand, it is necessary to emphasize that party members and cadres, especially leading cadres, play a leading role, and on the other hand, they must adhere to the rule of law and the masses.Cultivate citizens 'law-abiding consciousness.To make people truly understand and keep in mind that citizens' failure to perform their legal obligations is the same as the failure of administrative subjects to perform their legal duties.Violation of public interests and the legitimate rights and interests of others; illegal or improper personal conduct and sanctions should be corrected according to the law.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Establish a sound government decision-making mechanism based on compliance with existing laws
B.Timeliness of law implementation depends on citizen participation
C.Law is the consensus of all people
D.Illegal or improper use of power should be sanctioned and corrected

b
Scientific research on microorganisms requires more than conventional research ideas and tools.When it comes to tools, many people will definitely think of microscopes first.But microscopes are only suitable for observation.If you want to perform biochemical analysis, the role of agar is more important.If you have been In the microbiology laboratory, you will find that the most commonly used experimental tool is a petri dish, which is covered with a layer of nutrient-rich agar.Each bacteria can grow on the surface of the agar alone with a visible flora.Each flora It contains thousands of exactly the same bacteria, which is called a "clone" in biological terms.Because agar is semi-solid, the location of the bacteria is fixed, and it is impossible to move freely between the flora.It is equivalent to cloning and expanding a bacterium to a large enough amount without being contaminated by other bacteria.Only in this way, scientists can perform biochemical analysis on it.
This text mainly states:
A.Microscopy has a limited role in microbiological research
B.Agar plays an important role in biochemical analysis
C."Cloning" technology makes the biochemical analysis more operable
D.How do scientists perform biochemical analysis in the laboratory

b
China is setting off a 3D.printing investment boom.Facing the broad prospects of 3D.printing, 3D.printing industrial parks have been established in various places and various preferential policies have been introduced.But the development of 3D.printing as an emerging technology is not enough with enthusiasm In the 3D printing industry chain, the constraints of key technologies, materials, and software need to be broken through.3D.Printing technology is still in its infancy.If enterprises and capital inflow in large quantities, it will not produce benefits in a short time.
The text is intended to explain:
A.3D.The application scope of printing needs to be fully explored
B.3D.The development of printing technology encountered a bottleneck
C.Policies should be introduced to encourage 3D.Development of printing technology
D.Funds should not be poured into 3D blindly.Printing

c
The theory of monopoly competition believes that companies can reduce the impact of competition on enterprises to a certain extent by catering to differences in consumer tastes.Difference strategies prevent other companies' products from perfectly replacing their own products.To form a difference is to For those who spend money, companies using differential strategies need to raise product prices to make up for their higher production costs.However, even if the cost of adopting differential strategies is high, companies in oligopolistic markets can still make money by increasing product prices Take high profits.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.Monopoly competition will have a great impact on companies
B.Enterprises make up for production costs by raising prices
C.Monopoly companies can make profits through different strategies
D.Different strategies are difficult to improve corporate competitiveness

a
Online languages, especially some of the current trendy online languages, promote or hinder the development of Chinese, is the essence or dross of Chinese culture, and must be tested by time and practice in constant conflicts.In order to protect Chinese, Ensuring its inherent purity and blindly abandoning and suppressing certain online languages with negative effects, and even formulating relevant prescriptive provisions to restrict the development of online languages, sometimes not only cannot be suppressed, but it will have the opposite effect.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The development of online language should not be interfered by administrative means
B.The inheritance of Chinese cannot be separated from the continuous innovation of network language
C.The vitality of online languages depends on time to test
D.New online language may affect the purity of Chinese

d
From the perspective of the history of social development, freedom and equality are the two basic values of human aspirations and pursuits, and the process of media development is also the process of people's pursuit of freedom and equality of communication.The competition between different media is essential to satisfy people.The competence of these two inherent needs.With the development of new media, the pursuit of freedom and equality as a new communication concept has become more and more clearly presented in front of people, satisfying the audience in a highly humane way.Demand is also becoming the core content of competition between media.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.Human development needs affect media communication ideas
B.The development of new media has changed the main way of media competition
C.The development of media meets the basic needs of human communication
D.The core of media competition is to meet the human pursuit of basic values

c
The distribution of opportunities not only has an important impact on the results of the income distribution, but also directly affects the efficiency of economic development of the society.Under the unfair distribution of opportunities, some people will get development opportunities for some special reasons, but these people who get the opportunity It is likely that they lack the ability to take advantage of development opportunities to engage in social labor and creativity, which will inevitably lead to a decline in the productivity of the labor or business projects they engage in, and then affect the efficiency of economic development of the entire society.Putting the right people in the right positions is the basis for the healthy operation of the economic system.Only by achieving equal opportunity can we maximize social vitality and human enthusiasm, initiative, creativity, and improve social labor productivity and productivity development.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Gaps in income distribution are mainly caused by unequal distribution of opportunities
B.The hallmark of the healthy functioning of the economic system is fair opportunity distribution
C.Equitable distribution of opportunities helps improve the efficiency of socio-economic development
D.Opportunity distribution is indispensable for maintaining social fairness and justice

b
The modern media ecology exhibits a "micro" quality.Fragmented information is connected and combined through chain systems such as social networks.For the media to survive, it is necessary to grasp the communication opportunities in each "micro chain" and create possibilities.Therefore, in addition to competing for the "exclusive interpretation power" of information, modern media must line up in a complex "micro-chain" world and become a key node organizer and disseminator; The organization of the report is no longer the previous "one size fits all", but "unblocks" and "guides" on countless central nodes.Especially in emergencies, the characteristics of this new method of public opinion guidance are more prominent.
In this text, the author emphasizes that the more needed capabilities of modern media are:
A.Building a unique chain-like propagation system
B.Public opinion guidance at key nodes
C.Pay close attention to social network information trends
D.Fighting for the "exclusive right of interpretation" of information

d
In the past, when discussing the phenomenon of uncivilized travel of Chinese people, the reason was often attributed to the failure of the national quality to keep up with the pace of economic development.As for the countermeasure, in addition to strong public condemnation, it is recommended to impose heavy penalties.Although such a cause analysis and countermeasure suggestion are not It makes no sense, but we ignore the fact that few tourists really want to be a model of uncivilization, and no one wants to deliberately discredit the image of the country and nation.Whether it is government departments, travel agencies, or civilization Publicity and reminders in tourism are basically "zero", and most tourists are unintentional.
Based on this text, the following will explain:
A.There may be misunderstandings about the impression that people form uncivilized travel
B.Whether Chinese people can develop the habit of traveling out of civilization is related to the overall quality of the nation
C.The effects of condemnation and heavy punishment for uncivilized tourism behavior are only temporary
D.Cultivating the awareness of Chinese people's civilization and tourism needs to increase publicity and education and guidance

d
From the first Yu'ebao, to later P2P, to various crowdfunding models, it has to be acknowledged that Internet finance is changing traditional industries and is also subverting people's lives.Taking crowdfunding as an example, it not only allows ordinary people One more channel to participate and obtain excess returns, while also giving young people with dreams the possibility to realize their dreams at a low cost.
The article is most likely to elaborate next:
A.Development Process of the Internet Finance Industry
B.How the Internet is changing people's investment philosophy
C.Differences between crowdfunding and other models
D.How crowdfunding can help investors realize returns

c
If only in terms of the value of cultural relics, the paper version of ancient books is indeed not suitable for large-scale opening to readers, otherwise, frequent reading and the bacterial invasion caused by it will definitely affect their preservation to a large extent.However, if it is viewed from the value of historical materials, it should have been open to society, because only in this way, the value of ancient literature can be fully realized, and academic research can also make great progress.
This paragraph focuses on ancient literature:
A.Requires public participation in research
B.Protection technology needs to be improved
C.Whether opening is a problem
D.Cultural relic attributes should be paid more attention to

b
One of the greatest achievements of the digital revolution is the use of a multi-stakeholder management system instead of state-based institutions to manage important global resources.The Internet itself belongs to this important management system.Its composition, operation and management are made It was done by a group that once dared to imagine.This group includes individuals, social organizations, companies, and local governments.However, no single government, state, monopoly company, or government-controlled institution can control the entire Internet.
This passage mainly says:
A.Relationship between the Internet and the government
B.Management characteristics of the Internet
C.The economic model of the Internet
D.The fruits of the digital revolution

d
In recent years, China's commercial drones have gradually emerged in professional fields such as mapping, military police, agriculture, and emergency response, but the demand for these professional-level markets has not grown rapidly, and there are industrial levels and institutional constraints behind it.For example, China's modern agriculture The level is not high, and drones are not making rapid progress in agricultural operation promotion.Due to the lack of understanding of drones or the lack of willingness to invest in agricultural operations, the source of funds is not guaranteed, so this potential market demand cannot be converted into transactions.The lack of operating talents also restricts the promotion of drones in the agricultural market.To achieve the best spraying effect for drone agricultural operations, this requires high aircraft control and is difficult for ordinary farmers to master.To overcome these obstacles, only It is not easy to rely on the strength of the company itself.
The text is intended to emphasize my country:
A.The ability and speed of enterprises to develop the drone market need to be improved
B.Current economic level is not suitable for large-scale promotion of drone technology
C.Lack of professional and technical personnel limits the spread of drones in agriculture
D.Commercial drones fail to fully develop in the professional-grade market for a variety of reasons

a
The designer has made it possible to create a new world of dreams, in which goods are considered magical items at your fingertips, not products made in factories.It is also these designers that give these products a streamlined shape.The integrated plastic shell hides its different and irregular parts.Countless technically complex products are transformed into artworks by strongly unified visual characteristics, and the product's operating processes are all covered up, becoming a kind of Product with a distinctive personality.Due to the use of molding to make plastic products, they often have a curved shape, which is why they have promoted the trend of streamlined style and made them synonymous with modern fashion.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Designers use plastic to make products an art
B.Fashion and industrialization together lead to plastic products
C.Product practicality and aesthetics should be organically combined
D.Industrialized products need vitality through design

b
Most of the folk cultures that have been in the grassroots for a long time are difficult to have a continuous written record.The institutionalization requirements of "non-heritage" declarations make the declaration itself a difficult and exhausting process.In the end, the forms may be filled in neatly, video It is also exquisitely done, but to a certain extent, it is a process of formalizing the original living culture.In this way, the original meaning and purpose of applying for "non-heritage" are lost.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.China's folk culture lacks a systematic and continuous heritage
B.The "non-heritage" declaration system is not compatible with the characteristics of folk culture
C.Folk culture encountered great resistance when applying for "non-heritage"
D.Dogmatic evaluation standards inhibit the vitality of folk culture

d
Regardless of the reason, the vulgarization of online languages has caused harm to the construction of online civilization, and will even go from offline to offline, reducing the level of civilization of the entire society.At present, the development path of online languages is already clear: entering from virtual space Oral expression and then written language may eventually precipitate into all aspects of language application.If the vulgar language of the Internet is allowed to develop, over time they will become established idioms, and its negative effects cannot be ignored.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The negative effects of vulgarization of online languages have begun to highlight
B.The vulgarization of online language will affect social civilization
C.Be wary of the possibility of the conversion of online language to idioms
D.Urgent measures are needed to address the vulgarization of online languages

a
Researchers analyzed the microbes in the panda's intestine and found that although the original carnivorous pandas switched to bamboo for food between 2.4 million and 2 million years ago to adapt to food scarcity, and evolved a strong Jaws, but they have not evolved a longer digestive tract or the ability to secrete specific digestive enzymes, so they cannot effectively break down bamboo cellulose.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.Mouth is abdominal
B.Bamboo and Panda
C.Unfinished evolution
D.Adapt to the environment or change yourself

b
In recent years, cross-border e-commerce has continued to develop at a rapid rate, but the proportion of taxes such as value-added tax on imported goods in the total national tax has continued to decline, and the tax on imported goods in 2015 has dropped by nearly 200 billion yuan compared with 2014.Not only has it failed to grow simultaneously with the development of cross-border e-commerce, but it has seen a significant decline.The new tax policy for cross-border e-commerce has helped to promote the integration of cross-border e-commerce with the general trade tax system, and has also helped to form related Normal tax growth mechanism.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Import taxation is closely related to the development of cross-border e-commerce
B.New tax policy for cross-border e-commerce helps to increase taxes
C.How to integrate cross-border e-commerce with the general trade tax system
D.How to establish a normal growth mechanism for cross-border e-commerce taxation

c
The decline of the countryside and the disappearance of the hometown are the issues raised by media in recent years.The observations of scholars and the attention of critics have caused the rural areas that are undergoing drastic changes to be moved into the focus area of the public opinion platform.Hot search words on social media.But during this ten-year rural topic discussion period, writers were absent.Although there is a view that the best way for writers to speak to society is the work, many people think that Writers cannot assume social responsibility simply by writing fictional works.Foreign writers such as Balzac, Hugo, and Tolstoy often express their opinions on public affairs and social issues through actions and public speaking.
The most suitable for the text title of this paragraph is:
A.Why are rural themes no longer popular today?
B.Marginalization of writers in modern public opinion topics
C.Writers' aphasia in rural decay
D.Chinese and foreign writers respond to differences in social affairs

d
In history, words have a tendency to be sacred, and institutionalized education basically takes the knowledge recorded in manuscripts, prints, and prints as the core.The word-of-mouth knowledge formed by the people over thousands of years has not been available for a long time.Due attention.In today's education system and knowledge system, although there are subjects such as folklore and cultural anthropology that focus on people's knowledge and culture, generally speaking, this tendency has not been effectively corrected.From the middle of the 20th century At the beginning, more and more scholars realized that in the past, the tendency to focus on written culture and despise oral tradition has brought many disadvantages and restrictions to the overall grasp of the human civilization process and knowledge system.This cognitive change has formed the humanities and academics.1.Some new trends and new fields in the field, such as "oral history" and "oral poetics".
The text is intended to explain:
A.Academia is changing the importance of oral tradition
B.The tendency of the text to be sanctified needs further correction
C.Folk culture should be integrated into modern education systems and knowledge systems
D.Oral culture is the new trend and new field of humanities and academic development

a
In the classical period of Adam Smith, economics originally had a coincidence between wealth growth and human happiness, that is, the rational self-interest choice of rational people tending to avoid harm was subject to economic ethics.It was the self-interest under the premise that Pareto improved the conditions without harming others.But economics itself assumed the task of maximizing the interests of the subject, and it continued to introduce mathematical tools and analytical methods of abstract logical deduction, which made economics more Increasingly, it has become a discipline where instrumental rationality prevails, and it is moving towards the trend of "neutral", "non-value" judgment, and "non-moral" choice.
From this text, we can know:
A.Economic ethics is becoming less restrictive on economics
B.Classical economics does not use the method of abstract logical deduction
C.In the time of Adam Smith, economics was a discipline dominated by instrumental rationality
D.The introduction of mathematical tools breaks the connection between wealth growth and human happiness

a
Most of the national studies understood by the world are "inherent or traditional academic culture in China." Chinese culture since the late Qing dynasty can be easily excluded because it has been baptized by Western studies.This is also the study of national universities in many universities.The subject is to draw the border to the sake of the Revolution of 1911.In this way, Chinese learning has become a "museum culture"-very elegant and beautiful, but farther and farther from real life.How to make Chinese culture "bloodline" again "Through-through" is something that every scholar who cares about the fate of Chinese learning must seriously consider.
The text argues that Chinese studies should:
A.Ancient and modern
B.Western-style
C.Rough and fine
D.Trace the source

d
For a long time, due to China's defensive national defense policy, in the design of theater space, it is basically based on local and offshore defenses, and it is built in accordance with the model of "guarding the territory and defending the territory." The military tentacles rarely extend beyond the territory.The crisis of development will be far greater than the crisis of survival.To meet the new requirements for maintaining national security and development interests, peripheral, overseas, and new security areas should be included in the theater's strategic scope, and the theater's mission functions should be further expanded to make it more outward-looking.Openness and enthusiasm.Especially with the rapid development of multipolarization, globalization and informatization, the national traditional security field has begun to expand into space, network, information, electromagnetic and other fields.Space expansion and extension, focusing on forming a strong and powerful multi-dimensional three-dimensional theater space situation.
The text is intended to show that my country:
A.The scope of national defense should be expanded
B.National Defense faces a severe development crisis
C.New challenges in the field of traditional security
D.The strategy of defense theater must conform to the requirements of the times

b
For the protection of film culture, museums, archives, libraries, audiovisual materials and private collections all share some of the protection functions.It seems that everyone is fighting to protect the cultural heritage of films, but it actually reflects the fragmentation of protection.Each institution protects a little, there is a lack of communication and exchange between institutions, and a lack of unified management based on the protection dimension.This fragmented protection is very inefficient, because the lack of communication will inevitably lead to the uncertainty of the family of the object of protection, resulting in some The protected objects are in an unprotected state.The dispersion of protected objects greatly increases the difficulty of the reasonable use of the heritage, and the meaning and value of protection will be greatly reduced.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Decentralization of protection subjects makes film protection difficult
B.Communication is the solution to the fragmentation of film culture protection
C.Without a unified protection system, film cultural heritage is difficult to inherit
D.Fragmentation of labor management is not conducive to the protection of film cultural heritage

b
The era of big data is beyond doubt.In this case, data becomes an intangible resource, but few people know how to "monetize" such assets.For an ordinary enterprise, the enterprise not only has valuable Customer data also has supplier data as well as internal financial, design, manufacturing, management and other data.In the past few decades, many Chinese companies have completed informatization applications step by step.Operational data.But few companies really get more valuable information from complicated data, and data has become an asset, which has actually remained on the surface for a long time.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Enterprises should use informatization tools to realize the digitalization of operations
B.Enterprises should further tap the potential value of data assets
C.Turning data into assets is the main purpose of enterprise big data applications
D.Existing data models are difficult to meet the needs of enterprise operations data

a
In the past, the size of cities depended on the amount of food that can be produced in the surrounding areas.Therefore, the most densely populated cities are distributed in watershed areas, such as the Nile River Basin and Crescent Fertile Land.With the development of the Industrial Revolution and the establishment of factory systems, Large numbers of people are pouring into the new industrial centers.A large number of people in the new cities are supported by food from around the world.Advances in technology and medicine can adequately supply clean water, improve centralized drainage systems and waste treatment systems, and ensure adequate The advancement of food supply and the prevention and control of infectious diseases have made urban life more comfortable, and cities around the world have begun to develop at an extremely fast pace.
The text mainly says:
A.The industrial revolution has driven urbanization around the world
B.The occurrence of the Industrial Revolution has changed the way people live
C.Expansion of food access channels leads to rapid urban population growth
D.Advances in technology and medicine have improved people's living standards

d
Do ancient Chinese cities have walls? In people's previous impressions, ancient cities seemed to have city walls, especially capital cities.The towering city walls showed the supremacy of imperial power, and the fall of the city walls often meant the end of the empire.Beijing City in the Ming and Qing Dynasties, Dadu, Northern Song Dynasty The city, the Chang'an city in the Sui and Tang dynasties, and the Luoyang city in the eastern capital ...The layout of the inner squares and the tall city on the outskirts of these cities constitute the most vivid physical and chemical representation of the imperial capital.
The most likely next paragraph of this text is:
A.Evolution of the Imperial Capital
B.The role of the walls of the ancient capitals
C.The relationship between imperial power and urban structure
D.Ancient Chinese cities without walls

c
The "organic movement of newspapers and periodicals" is a process theory proposed by Marx on the reporting of newspapers and magazines.It is popularly interpreted as the fact that news is a dynamic process.Many times, in the early stage of the incident, there is not enough news because of the in-depth reporting.Source, the information that news conveys to the audience is often one-sided, and the judgment of the audience is based on this one-sided fact.This is a characteristic of news communication, whether it is a professionally trained journalist or now active in various "Citizen reporters" on social platforms are not capable of observing events from a "God perspective".Moreover, news reports are not judgments that give a final conclusion, but descriptions of news facts that occur at a stage.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.News truth is a process of continuous evolution of objective reality
B.News should fully tap the source of the news for in-depth reporting
C.News reporting is a process of getting closer to the truth
D.Is it difficult for professional journalists and citizen journalists to achieve true news?

c
The island nation of the South Pacific A.The country has fresh air and beautiful surroundings, and each person enjoys $ 35,000 of government pocket money each year, and people do not need to work.However, it is unimaginable that people living here, high blood pressure, heart Disease and stroke are among the highest in the world, with 37% of people suffering from diabetes, the highest in the world.Only 1.3% of people in the country live to 60 years, which is the country with the shortest life expectancy.
What does this text mainly express?
A.The price of wealth
B.Born in sorrow, died in peace
C.Comfort is the killer of our lives
D.Pampering, comfort, and comfort A.Chinese

a
In 923, the preparatory conference for the unified national language decided to adopt the Beijing phonetic standard, which was implemented throughout the country.Languages and dialects are not only communication tools, but also cultural carriers.Now, the shrinking of dialects is the fading of one culture.Coexistence is conducive to maintaining cultural diversity, and at the same time as promoting Mandarin, it should also allow dialects to have a certain expression space.Moreover, dialects not only apply to one land, but also enrich the color of common languages, such as Cantonese, pay, Words such as Lanweilou have entered the common vocabulary and have developed.
What's the point of this text?
A.Promoting bilingualism is conducive to maintaining traditional and local cultural characteristics
b.Common language recognition is conducive to improving the cultural level and technological development of the whole nation
C.Promote bilingualism, dialects, national languages and common languages
D.Any common language is based on some dialect

b
If we compare life to a circle in a geometric figure, on a circle that has already been drawn, it is difficult to find where the starting point is and where it ends, but you have to find out how long the radius is.It is relatively easy.A circle has a radius, and a life has a radius.The width, thickness, and severity of life are determined by your life radius.The larger the life radius, the greater the space of your life.
What does this text mean?
A.It's not uncommon for young people to live far better than older people
B.Although life is a variable thing, it is also measurable
C.There is value in life, and it is not worth it the longer you live
D.To measure life, you should first measure what you think, what you say, what you do, what you do

c
One farmer, for the convenience of tying cattle, hooped an iron ring on the trunk of an elm tree in the manor.As the elm tree grew, the iron ring slowly grew into the tree body, leaving a deep layer on the skin of the elm tree.Scars.A year later, the local elm disease occurred, and all elm trees that were tens of miles away died.Only the elm tree, which was hooped and left deep scars, survived.Botanist research found that it started from The rusted iron ring absorbs a large amount of iron before it becomes immune to the fungus.
What is the truth of this text?
a.Strong life can turn harm into wealth and strength
B.Life creates amazing miracles in adversity
C.Scars can sometimes become a nourishment for life
D.Life is stronger, more energetic and hopeful in injury

d
As a specific form of folklore, the New Year's paintings reflect the people's cultural psychology and aesthetics through the ingenious combination of points, lines, faces, and colors.In the long-term life practice, the public's aesthetic taste is red and beautiful.To be beautiful, to be called to be beautiful, and to be beautiful as norms, are fully reflected in the artistic characteristics of New Year's paintings.In rural areas, the meaning of auspiciousness contains people's longing for a good life and many meanings of wishes, expectations, appreciation and praise.
What does this text say?
A.New Year pictures convey the aesthetic form of Chinese folk
B.New Year pictures reflect the aesthetic taste of the people
C.New Year pictures are a beautiful wish formed by people in their long lives
D.New Year pictures reflect the cultural psychology and aesthetic taste of the people

d
As you know, although the Wenchuan earthquake is very harmful, destructive, and the losses are very serious, there are almost no rumors that are not conducive to earthquake relief and social stability.An important reason is that The reason is that the government information is open and transparent, that the government released the news of the Wenchuan earthquake to the country at the first time, and announced the truth about the earthquake to the people.The truth went ahead of the rumors.Naturally, the rumors did not have the soil to survive, there was no Space to spread.
This passage mainly supports such a point?
A.The information devastated by the Wenchuan earthquake was not widely disseminated in society
B.Earthquake rumors are far more harmful than the earthquake itself
C.My government has handled the Wenchuan earthquake information in a timely manner
D.Transparent information and timely publication can prevent the generation and spread of rumors

d
0 years ago, Japan encountered an energy crisis.This resource-poor island nation was not passively responding to it-restraining consumption when oil prices rose, and resuming inexhaustible consumption when oil prices were low, but turning the energy crisis into a way to improve the national economic competitiveness The "Golden Opportunity" is a nationwide effort to save energy, and the government has played a series of "policy and environmental protection" cards, making the country's energy use efficiency continuously improving and becoming a global role model.Now, high oil prices not only have a limited impact on the Japanese economy, but instead plan ahead The established low resource consumption development model makes Japanese companies have a competitive advantage in the era of high oil prices, and Japanese products such as low fuel consumption cars are all over the world.
It can be inferred that Japan's proactive strategy to deal with the energy crisis is?
A.Control consumption when oil prices rise, and resume inexhaustible consumption when oil prices are low
B.Changing the way energy is used and replacing scarce energy with non-scarce energy
C.Adjusting the point of strength for economic growth and changing the shortcomings of over-reliance on energy
D.Change consumption concepts, strengthen environmental awareness, and improve energy efficiency

a
Once upon a time, the Internet was regarded as a distribution center of words and origin of hearsay.These old understandings of the Internet are being gradually abandoned with the development of the Internet.Today, the number of Internet users in China has exceeded 150 million, and the Internet has fully penetrated into the Chinese.In daily life, the network culture industry is catching up with and surpassing the scale of the traditional culture industry, the network culture is becoming increasingly rich, and the power of network rationality is becoming mainstream, especially affecting the younger generation.Viewpoints, with the increasing development of information technology today, are contrary to historical materialism.
It can be inferred that the author's attitude towards the network?
A.definitely
B.negative
C.Neutrality
D.Unclear

a
Hainan Hongyuan Biotechnology Co., Ltd.introduced advanced technology from Japan, independently developed and produced Hongyuan bacteria and mastered related application technologies.In ordinary environments, it uses ordinary feeding feed, plus Hongyuan bacteria and related microbial application technologies to produce.Produce pork, chicken and other products that meet the national green food standards, effectively solving the four major problems of traditional pig breeding: high drug residues, environmental pollution on pig farms, poor taste of pork, and products that do not meet export requirements.The Quality Supervision Inspection and Testing Center has tested that all indicators of pork, chicken and other products produced by Hainan Hongyuan Biotechnology Co., Ltd.have reached the national green pork and poultry quality standards.
This passage mainly supports the view that Hainan Hongyuan Biotechnology Company?
A.Pay attention to international cooperation and solve many problems by introducing Japanese technology
B.Developed green meat and solved several problems that have plagued us for a long time
C.The meat developed has been tested by authoritative departments and all meet the green standards
D.The independent research and development technology of green meat has reached the international advanced level

c
The purpose of showing off is to hope for success at a certain level.If someone does have money, is indeed beautiful, does have literary talent, and has eloquence, then you show off and use the current word: show.You can always get Partial success, but the cost is too great, while others recognize you, they also deprive you of some other virtues, such as stability, such as humility.The world always believes, look at his nasty energy!
It can be inferred from the above text that "show off"?
A.Stage for show
B.Catalyst for success
C."Double-edged sword"
D.Beyond Jinyu, defeat

d
Specific social development stages frame the corresponding social culture, and specific social culture determines the corresponding wealth culture, and specific wealth culture determines the corresponding wealth concept.Only the wealth concept that is taken from the people and used by the people has become When the society's more common value judgment and value pursuit of wealth, Gates-style entrepreneurs who are enthusiastic about charity will truly emerge in a batch that truly understands and agrees with the wealth philosophy of "thousands of gold are scattered and returned".
This passage mainly supports the view that?
A.Chinese entrepreneurs do not possess Gates-like charity
B.Stages of social development determine specific charitable entrepreneurs
C.Wealth view is correct in different countries
D.The "blowout" of philanthropists needs a corresponding wealth culture

b
From a management perspective, the supervisor should be strong, "a group of sheep led by a lion" will easily defeat "a group of lions led by a sheep".Operation and management is like leading a war.As the leader of a team leader, it definitely needs stability.Military heart, to bring up the team's "primary backbone", whether spiritual or material.Without strength, the team lacks morale and fighting spirit.The strength of a team is determined by whether the team's supervisor is strong-Hu Xiao Zhen Shan Gang, The lion roars beasts!
This passage mainly supports the view that?
A.The management ability of the team leader determines the combat effectiveness of this team
B.The strength of a team is directly related to the strength of the team leader
C.The biggest difference between "lion" and "sheep" lies in different leaders
D.Only when the team is strong can its leader establish prestige

d
"Doctrine" is easy to understand.It is common sense and common sense.It is easy to recognize whether it is "reasonable" or not.Either they are historical laws.These are things that ordinary people do not understand.In the face of "truth", the people are in an absolute low position.Only the elites above have instilled in them the knowledge of "truth." "They don't know.
It can be inferred that the above text is intended to explain?
A.Why "truth" is more authoritative than "reason"
B.Why "truth" is harder to understand than "reason"
C.Reasons why "truth" is more than "reason"
D.Reasons why "truth" is more deceptive than "reason"

c
China's food problem still depends on itself, which is determined by China's national conditions as a country with a large population.Food prices are the objective result of the process of market creation.Really make great efforts in agricultural infrastructure and agricultural technological progress, cherish every inch of land, make good use of every factor input, and maintain a stable increase in food production and a suitable level of food self-sufficiency.On this basis, it is possible to have " Regardless of the wind and waves, it is more like a walk in leisure court."
What does the underlined "this basis" mean?
A.Introduce foreign advanced agricultural technology and change agricultural production structure
B.Increasing the sales price of grain and motivating farmers to grow grain
C.Improving agricultural production factors to ensure adequate food production
D.Strengthening macro-controls to prevent food markets from falling into blind misunderstandings

a
Japanese culture has been affecting the West in a subtle way after the war, and now it has become an increasingly important part of mainstream culture.Takashi Murakami, Michi Nara and Haruki Murakami have become prominent symbols of world popular culture; in The Matrix Wait for a batch of Hollywood blockbusters to clearly see the shadow of Japanese anime.And in these Japanese cultures that affect the world (including China), we are not seeing very superficial things like "chrysanthemum and sword", It's something more essential.Some things need to be carefully considered to really understand.
This text mainly explains?
A.Japanese culture has penetrated into the cultural field of many countries in the world
B."The Matrix" shows the trend of orientalization in American culture
C.Japan has changed its strategy and we must guard against deep cultural aggression
D.To resist the attack of foreign cultures, we need to improve our analytical capabilities

a
The US five-star Admiral MacArthur commanded a million male divisions, galloping on the battlefield, but he was troubled by his young son who did not listen to discipline, read books, and hoped that he would not be able to enter the West Point military academy.How can he be an ordinary person? Adolescents and MacArthur's sons have different times and different ideas, but their degree of "rebellion and unrulyness" is inferior and it is becoming more and more difficult to discipline.
This passage mainly supports the view that?
A.It is a common phenomenon that young people are difficult to discipline
B.No U.S.admiral can care about children, let alone ordinary people
C.No one is perfect, you can't care about your children, don't blame yourself
D.Different methods of discipline for children of different ages

b
The advent of the Internet has made people more courageous to express their ideas boldly, because "on the Internet, no one knows that you are a dog." As a result, Internet communication has also promoted the popularity of fast food culture, and the audience no longer calmly researches works, but only Pursuing visual stimuli, the information they usually see on the Internet is the same today, and tomorrow is another.If this is the case, the audience will develop a sense of impatience and distrust of the information on the network.
What fits the text's central idea most?
A.Network culture is one of the typical manifestations of fast food culture
B.Subjective concealment causes negative effects on network culture and its spread
C.In the long run, online culture should be a bubble culture
D.The harm that the internet brings to traditional culture is self-evident

c
Ancient poems of flowers drew colorful descriptions of the natural attributes of flowers.The front end of the petals of the spring chrysanthemum was irregularly jagged, like a cut out lace, and was described as "Who cuts the wind knives with thin knives, knowing that there are many achievements "Washing plum plums to decorate the Taoist dress, the sandalwood heart reveals purple sachets." "Tourist dressing" indicates that the perianth is yellow in general and grows on the sagging torus and has a base.There is a purple halo, so it is called "tan heart lightly exposed purple sachet".It is written that camellia "flowers in the snow until the Spring Festival Evening, and the world is durable like a king", and the wild rose is "like a brocade, and even spring opens in summer".
What does this text say?
A.People appreciate the humanistic connotation and description of natural attributes of ancient flower chanting poems
B.In ancient times, people had a detailed and in-depth observation of flowers and expressed their conciseness.
C.Ancient poems on flowers have wonderful descriptions of flower shape, flower color, and flowering time
D.Ancient Chinese poets watched and chanted flowers, leaving countless ancient poems

a
As the owner of the manor in Jane Eyre, Rochester is a wealthy man, and he speaks to Jane Eyre, who is low in status and ugly: "I have the right to despise you!" But Jane Eyre, who has a strong personality and longs for equality: "Do you think I'm poor and not good-looking, so I don't have self-esteem? No! We are equal in spirit! Just like you and I will eventually stand before God on an equal footing through the grave." These words strongly shocked Luo Chester.
What does this text mainly express?
A.Respect can earn the respect of others
B.Don't cower in front of someone better than yourself
C.Don't be arrogant in front of people who are weaker than yourself
D.In real life, people need to respect each other

b
The complex modern nation-state system reminds every backward country trying to rise from weak to strong: the strengthening of the country's hard and soft power is not first a question of external competition, but a question of internal rationalization.As long as a country has many internal problems, Not only does it ignore the construction of basic economic mechanisms, but it also ignores the serious choices of political regimes, and it also destroys the value recognition of social culture, then such a country will always be in a weak position of ethnic-state competition, even if it occasionally gets an opportunity to become a moment Large countries and even powerful countries have serious short-term maintenance capabilities.
This passage mainly supports such a point?
A.A country's soft power is more decisive than hard power
B.Internal issues of the country are more important than external issues
C.Economic, political, and cultural decisions determine national strength
D.No country can remain strong for long

b
For enterprise management risk, network security is just one of the links, and security is not always better the better.You can improve a bank by scrutinizing everyone at the door.Security and risk management, but if this approach is adopted, it will greatly affect business interests.Therefore, all these companies are looking for a reasonable security balance.This situation has opened up other companies and enterprises.New markets: In order to attract and retain new customers while implementing security, they need to choose specific computer security solutions based on their environment and the industry they work in.
The following item is in line with the meaning of the text.
A.Online transactions will disappear
B.Network security is relative
C.Under certain circumstances, companies should abandon online transactions
D.Do your best to ensure network security

c
The portraits of the twelve students were originally on the 12 stone platform of the fan-shaped pool water fountain in front of the Haiyan Church in the Yuanmingyuan.These portraits are human heads, the head is copper, the body is stone, and the hollow is connected to the water spray pipe.Every other The hour, the portrait of the child representing that hour, sprayed water from his mouth; at noon, the fountain of twelve portraits burst into the mouth at the same time.First, this batch of national treasures has been lost overseas for more than a century.
According to this text, the actual use of the portraits of the twelve lives is ().
A.Adjust the humidity of the garden air
B.Water spraying device in fan-shaped pool
C.Role of reporting time
D.Luxury ornamentals in the Royal Gardens

a
Sinology, also known as Parkology, refers to the study of Confucian studies based on Confucian studies, which flourished in the Qianjia era of the Qing Dynasty; Song studies refer to the Confucianism of the Cheng Zhu and Lu King schools of the Song Dynasty (including Yuan and Ming dynasties).The latter focuses on the principle of righteousness, and the restrictions on the portal are very strict.
In the above discourse, the author discusses ().
A.Difference between Sinology and Songology
B.Differences between Cheng Zhu School and Lu Wang School
C.Differences between textual evidence and morality
D.The battle between Han Confucianism and Song Confucianism

a
The Grand Prismatic Hot Spring (also known as the Grand Rainbow Hot Spring) located in Yellowstone National Park is the largest hot spring in the United States and the third largest in the world.The beauty of the Grand Prismatic Hot Spring is that the color of the lake changes with the season.In spring, the lake surface changes from green to brilliant Orange-red, this is due to microorganisms such as algae and pigment-containing bacteria living in mineral-rich waters.The ratio of chlorophyll and carotenoids in their bodies will change with the seasons, so the water bodies will appear different.color.
According to this text, the reason for the color change of the Grand Prismatic Hot Spring Lake is ().
A.Changes in algae and pigmented microorganisms
B.Changes in the ratio of chlorophyll and carotenoids in water
C.Microbes such as algae and pigment-containing bacteria live in water
D.Minerals are rich in water

a
The Tibetan Mastiff is a world-renowned large mastiff.It is native to the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.It has a resolute character and a fierce force.It is the only dog in the world who dares to fight with wild animals.Therefore, it is given the reputation of "Oriental God Dog".The mount of the living Buddha.Although fierce, the Tibetan Mastiff is particularly loyal to the owner, guarding the Tibetans, looking after the house, and guarding the courtyard.The Tibetan Mastiff is a plateau breed that evolved from the Himalayan giant ancient mane dog more than 10 million years ago.The only ancient living fossil in the canine world that has not been changed by time and environment.It was once a wild beast that traversed the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.It was only domesticated by humans 6,000 years ago.The ancients called it the "Tengu".
According to this text, one of the following incorrect descriptions of the Tibetan mastiff is ().
A.The mount that the Tibetan Living Buddha traveled on was a domesticated Tibetan Mastiff
B.Ancient Tibetan Mastiff was a wild beast that traveled across the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau 6000 years ago
C.Tibetan mastiff is the only ancient living fossil in dogs that has not been changed by time and environment
D.The Tibetan Mastiff evolved from the Himalayan giant ancient mane dog more than 10 million years ago

c
Of course, effective management of an enterprise or industry cannot be separated from scientific management guided by general management rules based on industry development laws and objective economic laws, which is based on a standardized system.But this does not mean that every industry or enterprise needs to follow Identical, uniform laws become replicas without individuality and difference in the cultural industry social pipeline.On the contrary, the mobile advertising industry, as a cross-emerging category of modern cultural industry and service industry, has its own development and model exploration.Own specialities.These specialities require managers to pay attention to the objective reality of the mobile advertising industry and develop differentiation on the basis of standardization.
This text is mainly emphasized.
A.Enterprises should conduct standardized scientific management
B.Enterprises or industries should follow the law of uniformity
C.Mobile advertising industry should develop differentiation based on standardization
D.Scientific management will help enterprises achieve effective management

b
The increase in wealth is not necessarily proportional to the decline of morality, but if the increase in wealth cannot be paralleled with the fair distribution of wealth, if the general moral level of the society can not only be increased correspondingly, but it will continue to decline, then it is not necessary With substantive freedom and equality, society cannot become a better society.
The main purpose of this text is ().
A.Increased wealth leads to higher moral standards
B.Fairness and happiness in the whole society should be reflected in the fair distribution of wealth and the improvement of moral standards
C.Improving moral standards should be based on the fair distribution of social wealth
D.The premise of a better society is an increase in wealth

d
Space debris, also known as space trash, is the waste of human space activities and the main source of pollution of the space environment.With the increasing frequency of space activities, space debris is increasing day by day, posing a serious threat to spacecraft in near-Earth space.Falling into the atmosphere will pose a serious threat to the safety of life and property on the ground.In particular, when a nuclear-powered spacecraft falls, it will cause chemical and radioactive pollution to the environment, with serious consequences.
The focus of this passage is ().
A.What is space debris
B.Why space debris is increasing
C.Space debris is a major source of pollution of the space environment
D.Space debris concept and its serious harm

b
Gomoku is called "Renju" in Japan.According to Japanese historical records, Gomoku was first transmitted from China to North Korea, and then from North Korea to Japan.At first, it was mainly popular among the imperial palace and the noble family.After continuous changes, mainly the change of rules , Renju Gomoku gradually became more complicated and standardized, eventually becoming today's professional Renju Gomoku, and also becoming an international competition.
According to this text, the development and changes of Gomoku mainly go through.
A.Normalization from simple to complex
B.Changes in regions and rules of the game
C.Changes in epidemic scope
D.Changing rules and status

a
The media influences the audience's value choices.From the perspective of the audience s theoretical and cultural norms, the reason why the mass media can indirectly affect people's behavior is that the information it sends can form a normative force of moral culture.People do nt know Unconsciously interpret social phenomena and facts according to the "reference framework" gradually provided by the media, and express their views and opinions, so the content of the communication can promote changes in objects.
This text mainly wants to express ().
A.People's behavior is influenced by the media
B.Social phenomena rooted in the mass media
C.Social moral culture comes from the media
D.The influence of the media is cumulative

a
The young students who come to Barcelona for "pilgrimage" are endless all year round.They are not so much drawn from the sights of the Middle Ages as they were attracted by the work of Antonio Gaudi, a modernist master.Although Picasso was born in Magal, At the Aguila Palace in Barcelona, you can see a wide range of his works chronologically displayed from the age of 8.Dali was fascinated by the ocean in his early years and spent most of his life in a fishing village with white powder walls, but he was surreal.The genius of the doctrine of art is treasured in this artistic mecca--the place where he was born and rested.
This passage mainly supports such a view, that is ().
A.Modernist works attract young artists
B.Barcelona is a temple of painting
C.The painter's work may not be preserved in his place of birth
D.Young students "pilgrimage" Barcelona not to hang out on medieval sights

d
People walking through the city are not only walking in space, but also crossing time.The completeness of time series is the context and spectrum of a city."It" is tied to the blood and temperament of a city.Capital and technology can make cities change rapidly.It is tall, but it cannot make the city long.A modern handicraft made of many gold and silver jewellery may not be as valuable as a simple and even slightly damaged Song Dynasty porcelain vase.The value between them is only It's time.
"It" in this passage refers to (it).
A.Space
B.Time
C.The context and spectrum of the city
D.Complete timing

a
Happiness education is the education in which teachers and students play the subject's creativity.In happiness education, teachers and students are the creators of educational activities.Whether teachers and students are active or passive in educational activities, whether they are creative activities or mechanical activities, directly determine education The state and realm of happiness.Without the play of the subjective initiative of the educator, the subjectivity of the educator, and the creativity of the educator, it is difficult for happiness education to reflect the lofty ideals.
What question does this passage address?
A.Happiness education is a creative education
B.How happiness education embodies lofty ideals
C.Happiness education comes from the creativity of educators
D.Happiness education should be mechanical activities

a
The individual in Chinese society first of all lives naturally in a network that he cannot choose for himself.His joy and sorrow, his success and failure are always embedded in his social network and are difficult to enjoy.When not planning to own a social network, someone else is morally a potential resource for him, and whether he is willing or not, he is also an available person for others.
This text mainly talks about ().
A.The importance of social networks to the Chinese
B.Chinese people live in the online world
C.China's potential private resources
D.Foundations for the Development of Chinese Societies

d
The yellow eyes tilted by yellow people may be related to the windy sand in central Asia, because this structure can protect the eyes.Just like the hair of white people is linen, and a little transparent, this makes it easy for the scalp to absorb the heat of the sun and adapt The severe cold in high latitudes; black hair is more black and curly, which is good for blocking the heat brought by sunlight and protecting the brain.
This text is talking about ().
A.Appearance characteristics of various races
B.Differences in appearance characteristics of different races
C.Human appearance protects humanity itself
D.Human appearance is the product of human adaptation to the natural environment

d
Psychological problems are one of the important contents of sub-health, and improper treatment can develop into mental disorders and mental illnesses, and psychological problems are important factors that induce sub-health problems.Therefore, psychological regulation is very important to solve sub-health problems.Alternative role.
What the author is likely to discuss next is ().
A.The nature of psychological regulation
B.Psychological impact on sub-health
C.Psychological problems in sub-health
D.How to conduct psychological adjustment

a
The role of silver iodide in artificial rainfall is meteorologically called cold cloud catalysis.When heated, silver iodide forms extremely fine (only one to one-thousandth of the hair diameter) silver iodide when heated.Particles.1g of silver iodide can form tens of trillions of microparticles.These particles will enter the cloud with the movement of airflow, generating tens of trillions to trillions of ice crystals in cold clouds.Therefore, the use of silver iodide to catalyze rainfall does not require airplanes, equipment It is simple, with very little usage and low cost, and can be promoted on a large scale.
Based on this text, we can speculate that the reason why silver iodide catalyzes rainfall without the need for an airplane is ().
A.Silver iodide particles move into the cloud with the airflow
B.Silver iodide will form silver iodide particles as long as it is heated
C.Cold cloud catalysis enables silver iodide to form tens of trillions of particles
D.Particles can generate trillions to trillions of ice crystals in cold clouds

d
Some people always start from scratch, some people rise from the bottom of society, and some legends climb from the trough of life to the peak of their career.So there is a long-lasting inspirational slogan called: Misery makes life.But Let us not forget that there are so many people who are annihilated by suffering.Those who rise are always the best.Suffering is often just a catalyst for character.It makes the stronger, the weaker, the wiser, and the stupid.
The author's view of suffering is ().
A.Suffering can change destiny
B.Suffering can keep the enthusiasm of life
C.Suffering determines human character
D.Suffering does not make life

b
Zircon is extremely resistant to high temperatures, with a melting point of 2750 㠃, and is resistant to acid corrosion.80% of the world's zircon is directly used in casting, ceramics, glass industry and the manufacture of refractory materials.A small amount of zircon is used in ferroalloys, medicine, paint, Tanning, abrasives, chemical and nuclear industries.A very small amount of zircon is used to smelt metal zirconium.ZrO 266% -66% zirconium quartz sand is directly used as foundry iron metal due to its melting resistance (melting point above 2500 橮 Mold material.
The main purpose of this passage is to tell us.
A.Zircon is extremely resistant to high temperatures
B.Industrial applications of zircon
C.Zircon is resistant to acid corrosion
D.Special properties of zircon

b
In the late Qing and early Ming dynasties, a group of Westerners ran to the mountainous areas of southwestern China for scientific expeditions or poaching activities.Some of them found a small tailed bear in the mountainous area, because the locals called it "mountain bear" or "cat bear" "They also called it" Panda "in the article.Why did" Panda "later be called" Panda "? After the Republic of China, some traditional books and periodicals were changed from vertical to horizontal.Some people read "Panda" as "Panda" due to the difference in left and the right writing.However, the fundamental reason is that the zoology community has not clearly classified it.
This text is mainly:
A.Discuss how pandas have entered the field of research
B.Introducing the origin of the word "panda"
C.Show that the scientific classification of pandas should be dealt with
D.Explain the long-standing misrepresentation of "Panda"

b
China is one of the countries with the most abundant biological species in the world, and higher plant and wild animal species account for about 10% of the world.However, environmental pollution and ecological damage have caused damage to the living environment of animals and plants, and the number of species has decreased sharply.Some species Extinct.According to statistics, about 200 species of higher plants have become extinct in the past 50 years, and an average of 4 species are extinct each year; about 400 species of wild animals are in an endangered or threatened state.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The rate of extinction of animals and plants is increasing year by year.
B.Endangered animals or plants due to environmental degradation
C.China's animal and plant species are relatively abundant.
D.Higher plants need more protection than wild animals

d
Animal skulls contain calcium, which is difficult to dissolve in water.Some people have done experiments that used 5 kg of pork bones and 5 kg of water and boiled in a pressure cooker for 10 hours.As a result, the calcium content in a bowl of bone soup was only 10 Milligrams, less than 1/20 of the calcium content of a bag of milk.There is also a large amount of bone fat dissolved in bone soup, which can cause other health problems when consumed regularly.Therefore, drinking bone soup may not be the best dietary treatment for osteoporosis.It is important The focus is on diet diversification, and more intake of calcium-rich foods such as milk, tofu, shrimp skin, laver, etc.
The text is intended to explain:
A.There are pros and cons to drinking bone soup.
B.Calcium prevention is the key to prevent osteoporosis
C.How to supplement calcium scientifically and effectively
D.Diversified diet is the most scientific in daily life

b
Roves had held a senior position in the Navy before taking office.One of his good friends asked him about the Navy's plan to establish a submarine base on an island.Roosevelt looked around mysteriously and asked in a low voice."Can you keep it a secret?" "Of course I can!" The friend was very sure."So," Roosevelt said with a smile, "I can too."
This text tells us:
A.Detours can also achieve the goal.
B.Humor can subtly solve problems
C.Adherence to principles and flexibility are not contradictory.
D.Don't do anything to others

b
The earliest foundation of Beijing City was Youzhou City in the Tang Dynasty.In the following thousand years, Beijing has had four large-scale developments, or expansions, or new repairs, respectively in the Yuan Dynasty in the Jin Dynasty and in the Yuan Dynasty.In Dadu, the inner city built in the early Ming Dynasty and the outer city built after the middle of the middle period, this is how Beijing's convex-shaped city walls were completed.The Qing Dynasty inherited Beijing from the Ming Dynasty, and did not change the overall layout of the city until modern times.
According to this text, the following statement is correct:
A.The first large-scale development of Beijing was in the Yuan Dynasty.
B.Beijing City expanded the outer city in the early Ming Dynasty
C.The convex-shaped city wall of Beijing City was formed in the Ming Dynasty
D.The overall layout of Beijing City has not changed significantly in history

c
The brain is the most complex structure and function of the body, and it is also a superb, sophisticated and perfect information processing system.The total number of nerve cells in the human brain is about 1012, which is equivalent to the total number of galaxies.10 to 50 times more glial cells.The brain controls human language, thinking, feeling, emotion, movement and other advanced activities, which are closely related to the topology of neurons or clusters of neurons in the brain network It essentially determines the function of the entire brain.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The physiological structure of the brain provides the basis for processing complex information
B.The brain is rich in nerve cells and glial cells
C.The topology of the brain network determines overall brain function
D.The structure of the brain is exquisite, perfect, powerful and complex

b
In the Internet era, individual intellectuals were attacked because of public expression, and once felt aggrieved.In the process of self-defense, they often mentioned the intellectual basis of their claims.In the process of interacting with the public, they relied solely on intellectual authority.A public platform such as the Internet is not a single field of academic communication, and the criticism of a viewpoint depends not only on its distance from an academic authority, public sentiment, historical tradition, and other factors.It will also have an impact.It is bound to drift away from the people.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Intellectuals now have difficulty defending themselves with knowledge
B.Social elites must identify with public sentiment and follow historical traditions
C.Social elites should avoid confrontation with the masses by advocating knowledge and reason
D.Popular sentiment, historical tradition determines whether personal views can be accepted

d
A microgrid is a cluster that includes localized semi-autonomous power, load and electric thermal energy storage facilities.Compared to a large grid, it is self-contained and controlled separately, and can be connected to the large grid and run on or off the grid.It operates on its own in an island mode.As a feature that provides two-way benefits to participants and traditional grids, the microgrid reflects the development direction of distributed power systems and also opens up a new path for the development of the grid.
The following statements are consistent with the original:
A.The microgrid is a localized grid that operates in "island mode"
B.The microgrid is a cluster that runs on the grid with traditional grids
C.The emergence of microgrids has dispersed the benefits of traditional grids
D.Large grids may benefit from running in parallel with microgrids.

d
The open character and strong national strength of the Datang Empire had a strong impact on the surrounding countries.The various daily necessities and handicrafts, which are handicraft products of the Tang Dynasty, have a magnet appeal to overseas countries.The chase of silk, porcelain and other items is just like the trendy people's enthusiasm for Apple mobile phones and iPads.Tang Sancai is also wrapped in this torrent to cross the sea and take root.
What this paragraph is most likely to discuss next is
A.Tang Dynasty's huge influence on neighboring countries
B.Various manifestations of advocating Tang dynasty items outside the territory
C.Transportation routes and methods of Tang Dynasty goods
D.Tang Sancai's Spread and Influence Outside the Territory

b
With the invention and improvement of econometrics, academic research is becoming more and more rigorous, and data and methods explain everything, especially data is the most important.However, this academic development trend has hidden dangers.The depth of the study has been daunting, and one of the tasks of this discipline is to look for correlations between economic variables through large sample studies, and then draw certain policy conclusions from them.This large sample study is abstract.Some important information is likely to be discarded during this process.If you are indulged in the huge charm of the form of the measurement method and can't see the implied flaws, you will be easily deceived by the false sense of security brought by the data.
The most accurate summary of the gist of this text is:
A.Emphasis on the absolute status of econometric methods in academic research
B.Criticizing the academic research trend of blindly superstitious econometric methods
C.Explain the importance of improving sample selection for econometrics
D.Explain how to draw policy conclusions through an analysis of economic variables

d
Trees can grow to towering lingyun but are still lush and green, relying on xylem ducts to transport water absorbed by the roots to the treetops.According to the latest research results, botanists have issued a warning that some regions due to climate change It threatens the supply of groundwater, and also damages the xylem's ability to transport water, putting the forest in a dangerous state.Researchers say that under drought conditions, trees will try to absorb water from the ground, and in the process, there will be too much Many air bubbles that will be sucked into the xylem.When these air bubbles are blocked in the duct, they will block the water supply and cause the tree to die without water.
According to this text, the latest findings are:
A.The thicker the xylem of a tree, the better it is for water supply
B.Extreme weather can break the biological structure of tree xylem
C.Humid climate conditions are more conducive to the growth of towering trees
D.The presence of a large number of air bubbles in the duct will block the tree's water supply

a
In a transitional China full of complex fluidity, the novelist's grasp of the integrity of the era will become increasingly impossible, and any attempt and impulse to name the era as a whole will have to eventually become a ridiculous hall.But this also provides a new idea for writing.Since it is impossible to grasp the big age, then you can carefully look at the small in the lives of modern people who are obscured by the big age, and let literature really return to its origin.----- Literature is anthropology.Literature should pay attention to the existence of the individual in this world, pay attention to the issues of dignity, freedom and alienation related to the existence of individual life.Related basic questions.
This passage is intended to illustrate literary creation:
A.Thinking should change from holistic to individual
B.The environment has changed dramatically
C.Originally related to individual life
D.Themes should be diversified

c
Academic writings must have annotations, and annotations also strive to overcome subjectivity.One of the important ways to strive for the fairness, rationality, and acceptability of academic opinions is itself the collateral nature of the academic dialogue carried out in the body of the argument However, it is necessary to realize that the normative requirements of annotations are not independent and not just a set of technologies, but are consistent with the normative requirements of academic demonstration.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Academic writings must reflect objectivity
B.Annotation to Academic Papers to Overcome Subjectivity
C.Annotations must conform to academic norms
D.Academic texts are as important as notes

d
When the Gun Management Law was passed, one of the offensive weapons prohibited by the law was the Soviet-style semi-automatic rifle A.K47.This model alone had 1 million American civilians at that time.Recently In the past 20 years, vicious gun machine incidents have continued to occur in U.S.campuses, and have been seen in major media around the world, and have led to a big discussion about the "Gun Management Law." After reading a lot of similar reports, Chinese people will definitely think why the United States allows citizens to own guns .
What is most likely to be introduced next is:
A.Views of the U.S.on the Gun Management Act
B.Characteristics of various shootings in the United States in recent years
C.The current U.S.government management system for civilian firearms
D.U.S.laws of various periods on citizen ownership of firearms

a
The person who loses the perception of the natural sound is the most sad.When someone says "the scenery is as beautiful as a painting", the realm is lower, because the painting is static, the natural scenery is alive and moving; According to nature, nature also provides a variety of sounds.This dual combination enables nature to transcend the realm that humans can create.There are countless artists in the world who all draw inspiration from nature, but no matter how good an artist is, it is not always possible.Capturing the soul of nature, because nature has a picture with sound, or is alive, changing all the time.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Appreciating nature requires a comprehensive experience of sight and hearing
B.Nature provides endless materials for artists
C.Natural scenery beyond the realm of human beings
D.Natural methods can create outstanding works

c
Domestic dogs are good friends of humans.Although they are very different from each other, these different groups of domestic dogs have a common ancestor-the gray wolf.The gray wolf is very extensive in the global branch, but domestic dogs everywhere are not It has evolved from gray wolves everywhere.By starting with the genome D.NA.and comparing the genetic diversity of domestic dog populations from different regions, the researchers found that the domestic dog population from southern East Asia has the highest diversity.At the same time, the structure of the phylogenetic tree also supports the common origin of domestic dogs.On the phylogenetic tree, the end of each branch represents a group, and the more closely related groups will be closer to the tree.In this study, domestic dog samples from southern East Asia were located at the base of the phylogenetic tree.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Domestic dogs originate from the very widely distributed gray wolf
B.Genome D.NA.Study addresses domestic dog origin
C.Domestic dogs with different temperaments and shapes have the same origin
D.Phylogenetic tree principle provides support for animal evolution research

c
Whether the public loves academics directly affects the ups and downs of academics themselves; while scholars do not arouse the Chinese consciousness of academics, "wende" cannot be shared with the people, then "civic virtue" will fall, and "wende" itself will also Turning into water of no source and no root, there is no basis for ascension.In order to better transform "wende" into "mingde", Cai Yuanpei put forward the idea of using the university as a social and cultural center.
The text is intended to explain:
A.University is the center of Wende
B.Mingde "is the origin of" Wende "
C.Two-way relationship between "wende" and "mingde"
D."Wende" promotes "Mingde"

b
How did the fall of the main body of China's FA.ST "500-meter Spherical Radio Telescope" arouse warm attention at home and abroad? The reason lies in its three high-energy stunts.One is to look far.According to the current largest radio telescope, FA.ST can theoretically receive electromagnetic signals beyond 13.7 billion light years.The second is very flexible.The structure of the cable network can change with the movement of the celestial body, which drives 4450 reflection units on the cable network to form a 300-meter-diameter instantaneous paraboloid in the direction of the radio power source, which greatly improves the observation efficiency.The third is of high accuracy.The 500-meter FA.ST radio telescope The structure has millimeter-level accuracy requirements everywhere; the processing accuracy of each of the more than 7,000 arm-thick steel cables used to weave the cable net is controlled within one millimeter; the final 500-meter antenna accuracy is 3 millimeters, and the precision of each small panel is 1.5 millimeters.All of this means that we will be able to observe the more hidden mysteries of the universe.
The most appropriate title for this text:
A.A better way of analyzing human interaction
B.FA.ST walking into China deep into the universe
C.China's FA.ST has three advantages
D.Listen to the sounds from deep in the universe together

c
As society enters the era of screen-reading, advocating more Chinese characters for reading and writing, "Chinese character dictation" is undoubtedly a meaningful good thing.However, once everything is over, good things often become bad things.The competition emphasized the lonely words, and the contestants demonstrated "Chinese-style education" in the competition by strengthening their memory.Even the father of Han Pinyin, Mr.Zhou Youguang, also believes that the number of common Chinese characters is now increased to more than 8,000.It's a bit too much.Lenovo has been thinking about the simplification of Chinese characters in recent years and the launch of the reform plan for the entrance examination of middle and high schools.It is not difficult to find that every one's attention to Chinese characters is getting deeper and deeper.The motivation of the mother tongue is increasing.
From this text, it can be seen that the author's attitude is:
A.Too many Chinese dictations will cause people to worry about writing and forgetting
B.Chinese Character Dictation in the Screen-Reading Age Speeds Up the Reform of Language Education
C.Chinese Character Dictation Competition in the New Era
D.Chinese-style education and strengthening memory are necessary means of Chinese education

c
There are more than 30 petroglyph sites in the existing list of thousands of World Heritage sites.At present, petroglyphs have been found in more than 150 countries and regions on five continents.According to research, at least these pictures left in caves on rocks have been It has a history of 30,000 to 40,000 years.In today's perspective, they are more like children's works, exuding all the rotten observations and thoughts of human beings in childhood, and the most authentic writing of humans before there is no text.China is the world One of the areas with the most abundant rock art remains, but before that, none of them became a World Heritage Site."Zuojiang Huashan Rock Art Cultural Landscape" makes up for this deficiency.
From this text, it can be seen that the author's intention is:
A.Rock art is a work of human childhood, a cultural code of dialogue with ancient people
B.There are a considerable number of petroglyph sites in the existing World Heritage List
C."Zuojiang Huashan Rock Painting Cultural Landscape" is China's first World Heritage of Rock Painting
D.Petroglyphs are spread all over the world, of which China is one of the most abundant areas

d
Water sucks into the trachea, and the lungs are cyanotic.If you only put some water in a person's nose without letting him in, he will not cyanosis.An elephant is an example.If you observe carefully, you will It was found that when the elephant drank, he first sucked a little water with his nose (and did not suck it into his lungs), then raised his head and put the water in his nose into his mouth to drink.In the process, it just used his nose as A tool for absorbing water without using the nose as a drinking organ.
This passage is to demonstrate such a point:
A.You must observe carefully
B.Elephant's nose is a tool for water
C.Elephants like to take a little water with their nose and put it in their mouth to drink
D.Water is drawn into the trachea and the lungs go cyanotic

d
Banknote books are both tangible material preparation and a writing technique.You can also develop a good habit of reading and thinking.Why not? However, there are also pitfalls, as Zhou Zuoren reminded, "Learn "I am sick"."Wen Zhi Gong" needs to have its own value standards and aesthetic standards, otherwise, who won't take the banknote? Who can't make it into an excuse for laziness or even plagiarism.The reason why the ancients talked about this time "Banknotes", of course, is sent with feelings.People reading books today are generally too floating, such as dragons and water, not as ancient people dive and play.This is because there is too much to read now, no time, so I have to read ten lines at a time.They all "know".Another thing is that before the May Fourth Movement, we respected the ancients too much; after the May Fourth Movement, we despised the ancients too much.We all want to open up the world, and there are no ancients before.It is too late to write our own books.Banknotes for others' books?
Inconsistent with the text is:
A.Must be a book with information and aesthetic value
B.Thinking while writing notes
C.Reading books today is not as careful as the ancients
D.Only by studying the method of ancient banknotes can we overcome the prevailing trend

c
As the U.S.presidential campaign has intensified, a political ad appeared on an anti-Bush democratic political group website called "Go Forward", comparing Bush to Nazi leader Hitler, which has aroused the anger of Republicans and American Jewish groups.In fact, this controversial ad is just one of the entries in the "Bush 30 Seconds" political advertising contest launched by the "Go Forward" website, and as many as 1512 ads have been attacked against Bush's wrong policy.
The main message of this text is:
A.Bush attacked by the opposition in growing presidential campaign
B.Anti-Bush political groups liken him to Nazi Head Hitler
C.Bush's Wrong Governance Slammed by As many as 1,512 Advertisements
D.Malicious attack on Bush has stirred anger among Republicans and American Jewish groups

c
The citizens of an independent rich country are very civilized, while a nation full of violence and hatred cannot be civilized, but some rich Middle Eastern countries are full of violence and hatred.
From this we can see:
A.Some rich Middle Eastern countries are full of violence and hatred caused by the ethnic policies of some major powers;
B.The war in the Middle East has caused some rich Middle Eastern countries to be filled with violence and hatred;
C.Some Middle Eastern countries have lost their independence;
D.Without democracy, there is no self-confidence.

b
There are more girls than boys in the law school, and more than half of the students who failed the law school in the 2004 final semester math exam.
From this we can see:
A.Girls fail more than boys fail
B.Girls fail more than boys
C.Girls pass more than boys
D.Girls pass more than boys

d
All Anxi people are vegetarians, and all Zhenyuan people are ascetic, ascetic and vegetarian are incompatible, and Guo Shu is ascetic.
From this we can see:
A.Guo Shu is from Zhenyuan
B.Guo Shu is not from Zhenyuan
C.Guo Shu is Anxi
D.Guo Shu is not Anxi

d
The men only drank Maotai or Wuliangye at the celebration party, and all the women drank yogurt.
From this we can see:
A.No men drink yogurt, no women drink Maotai
B.Some men did not drink yogurt or Maotai
C.Some men drank both Maotai and yogurt
D.No man drinks both yogurt and Maotai

c
All poor countries have had plague epidemics, and all democratic countries have never had plague epidemics, so all democratic countries are not poor countries.
Which is similar to the above inference structure:
A.All animals are creatures, all creatures are selective, so all animals are selective
B.All corruption is a crime, all Changji people are not criminals, so all corruption criminals are not Changji people
C.All lies are not true, and the truth is true, so all truth is not a lie
D.All vegetables are nutritious and all clover is not nutritious, so those who eat clover are undernourished

c
.All Asian and Austrian countries are democratic countries, all Asian and Austrian countries are also religious countries, and some religious countries are polytheistic countries.
and so:
A.Some Asian Olympic countries are polytheistic
B.Some democracies are polytheistic
C.Some democracies are religious
D.Some democracies are not polytheistic

c
People who do not have integrity do not know how to respect themselves, and people who do not know how to respect themselves cannot earn respect from others.
From this we can see:
A.People who do not understand self-respect are not honest;
B.People who cannot win the respect of others do not know how to respect themselves;
C.People who can win the respect of others have integrity
D.What cannot be respected is someone who does not have integrity.

c
The peace of Asia and Africa is guaranteed, then the peace of the world is guaranteed, and the peace of the world can only be guaranteed if terrorism is completely eradicated.But in fact, terrorism is constantly causing trouble in the Middle East.
From this we can see:
A.If peace in Asia is guaranteed, peace in Africa will also be guaranteed;
B.Peace in Africa is not yet guaranteed;
C.There is no guarantee of peace in Asia;
D.If peace in Asia is guaranteed, then peace in Africa is not yet guaranteed.

c
During the National Games, there were 8 athletes living in Building F.One of them was Heilongjiang, two were northerners, one was Cantonese, two were track and field athletes, and three were main athletes.Arrived at all 8 athletes in the F building.
Which of the following contradicts the information stated in the question?
A.Heilongjiang athletes are not main players;
B.Track and field athletes are not main players;
C.Cantonese are the main players;
D.The main players are all Southerners.

b
.Ei, Oman, and Derby are one of Asia, one of Europe, and one of Africa.Eye is not the same as the European country among them and is smaller than the African country among them.Big.
Then the order of the three countries from big to small is:
A.Ey, Oman, Derby;
B.Ey, Derby, Oman;
C.Derby, Aye, Oman;
D.Oman, Aye, Debbie.

b
.Corrupts are wealth-loving, everyone is wealth-loving, and all corruption criminals are short-sighted.
From this we can see:
A.Everyone is a corruption criminal;
B.Some people who love money are short-sighted;
C.Short-sighted is all corruption offenders;
D.Those who love money are all corrupt criminals.

c
As long as a person is honest, he must be a law-abiding citizen,
Which of the following would constitute the most disprove of this?
A.Most honest people comply with the law
B.Some offenders are dishonest
C.Mu Lao, who never lied, was arrested for illegal logging
D.Dishonesty is an illegal act in itself

d
If Brazil or Japan become permanent members, then both India and Germany will become permanent members.
From this we can see:
A.If India becomes a permanent member, then Germany will also become a permanent member
B.If India becomes a permanent member, then Japan will also become a permanent member
C.If India has not become a permanent member, then Germany has not become a permanent member.
D.Japan has not become a permanent member if India has not become a permanent member

b
China is a large agricultural country.Agriculture is the foundation of the national economy.To reduce the burden on farmers, we must protect and motivate farmers, and promote the development of agriculture, rural economy, and the national economy.Carrying out various fund-raising and apportioning will definitely hurt farmers' enthusiasm for production.
This sentence supports an argument, namely:
A.To develop the economy, especially rural infrastructure, it is necessary to increase the burden on farmers
B.There is no contradiction between developing the economy and reducing the burden on farmers, and they are mutually reinforcing.
C.Failure to reduce the burden on farmers will affect rural social stability
D.In the future, the state will no longer collect money from farmers

b
When old types of arts such as novels, dramas, etc.are gradually leaving the center of attention and giving way to new arts such as film and television, cultural poverty is shrouded in various criticisms.Facing a strong "industrial culture", cultural criticism has almost become a "promotional advertisement".
In this passage, " cultural poverty is shrouded in criticism", meaning:
A.The poverty of culture makes criticism impossible
B.Declining taste of various cultural criticisms
C.Cultural poverty has been criticized
D.Critics are threatened by poverty

d
Precipitation usually occurs when a high-pressure peak encounters a low-pressure peak.Meteorologists measure the speed of two peaks moving towards each other to determine when and where they meet to predict precipitation.
From this we know:
A.Meteorologists are responsible for predicting precipitation
B.Low pressure peaks always move towards high pressure peaks
C.Precipitation does not necessarily require the appearance of low pressure peaks
D.Some precipitation predictions are based on the general response of high and low pressure peaks

d
It is strange that Rococo style first appeared in France.Louis XIV's rule lasted too long, and the era of over-religion to the old dynasty finally came to an end, and the majestic and noble Versailles no longer forced people to participate in boring celebrations.Since then, people have gathered in the exquisite salons of the Paris mansions.At first, Rococo was a new type of decoration, serving the elegant, intelligent society that loves adventure, exoticism, whimsy, and nature.This lightness, The exquisite style is most suitable for modern apartments.The rooms are small but have valuable uses.Rococo is very cautious when entering the country with the baroque style.
The correct inference from this passage is:
A.Lightweight, exquisite Baroque interior style in French fashion during Louis XIV
B.The rococo style first appeared in France because the French love adventure and whimsy
C.Modern apartments are all Rococo, so their rooms are not large but they have precious uses
D.Compared to the Baroque style, the Rococo style does not seek to be majestic and noble

a
All countries that have a good market economy are due to better legal order.In fact, it is not difficult to establish a market.Once liberalized, people are driven by interests and the market can be formed quickly.However, once an unordered market is formed, It is very difficult to rectify it again.
This sentence supports an argument, namely:
A.To establish a market economy system, we must attach great importance to the construction of the legal system
B.Market regulation is an "invisible hand", and the market is spontaneously in a stable and balanced state
C.The advantage of a market economy is that it enables people to be driven by their interests, thus motivating people.
D.The market can only be formed by relying on the legal system

b
As a result of human cognition, knowledge is a very extended concept.It generally includes four levels or aspects, that is, common sense, a generalization of experience, scientific knowledge, and philosophical knowledge.The so-called common sense mainly includes aphorisms, proverbs and other commonly known knowledge It is often not an understanding of the nature of things and their laws.Scientific knowledge is a theoretical system that is logical and systematic.
This sentence supports an argument, namely:
A.Scientific knowledge is absolute truth and beyond doubt
B.Compared with scientific knowledge, common sense has a lot of scrutinies, that is, it contains many errors
C.Common sense is not credible
D.Scientific knowledge contains common sense

d
In the process of policy implementation, there is still a lack of strong institutions from top to bottom, which are responsible for inspecting and monitoring the implementation of various policies.Often, when a problem needs to be solved, a document is issued and some new regulations are made.Or set up a new organization and pay less attention to the implementation of these policies.Due to the lack of supervision and guarantee system for the implementation of laws, regulations or policy documents, the implementation or non-implementation is the same.As time goes by, it will not work, and the endless wind will naturally Prevalent.
This sentence supports an argument, namely:
A.Prohibition must be made.
B.The need to strengthen policy implementation
C.The construction of policy enforcement agencies must be strengthened
D.The supervision and inspection of policy implementation must be strengthened

b
Scientific and technological workers are respected by society for fulfilling their moral obligations.If individual scientific and technological workers depart from the conscience of truth, goodness, and beauty, and make scientific and technological behavior choices that endanger the society, such as serving the fascist war of aggression, they will be subject to public opinion.Condemnation must be punished by society.There is also a type of improper scientific and technological behavior, such as illegal possession of the achievements of others, which should also be condemned and sanctioned.To prevent similar things from happening, the conscience of scientific and technological personnel has a very large role.
This sentence supports an argument, namely:
A.Heavy penalties for those who plagiarize others' achievements
B.The ethics of scientific and technological personnel should be higher than ordinary people
C.The development and progress of science and technology requires the improvement of the moral quality of science and technology workers
D.It is necessary to standardize scientific research by using a legal system

b
Since its establishment in 1974, the Hong Kong Independent Commission Against Corruption has vigorously combated corruption, investigating more than 2,200 corruption and bribery cases, and prosecuted 1,355 government officials involved in crimes.In Hong Kong, there are so many investigations and so many people involved.However, it has not hindered Hong Kong's economic development and prosperity.
This sentence supports an argument, namely:
A.The anti-corruption struggle will affect economic construction
B.The fight against corruption itself will not affect economic construction
C.Corruption in Hong Kong is very serious
D.Hong Kong's economic development and prosperity are largely due to its clean and efficient civil service

a
When people leave culture, the creation and accumulation of culture, and the value and meaning of the cultural world, they naturally lose the meaning of the actual cultural value, and it is impossible to truly realize the essence of man.Conversely, if culture leaves man , It has become the water of no source.
This sentence supports an argument, namely:
A.Culture and the realization of human nature are interdependent relationships
B.If a person has no culture, he is not qualified
C.Culture can only reflect human activities
D.Without culture, man can realize human nature through other means

c
A survey was conducted to understand the attitude of university students to the dormitory in the school.The survey was conducted in two parts.One was to persuade and publicize half of the students beforehand, hoping to live in the dormitory, and then to conduct a questionnaire survey.The other half of the students were not asked to do anything.Explanation: Direct investigation.Before the investigation, a few of the college students strongly opposed the idea of living in the dormitory on campus.As a result of the investigation, the number of opponents of the half of the students who had persuaded and publicized beforehand increased.
This sentence supports an argument, namely:
A.Living on campus is bad
B.Half of the students support the idea of living on campus, and half of them disagree
C.Persuasive propaganda before the investigation caused rebellious psychology among college students
D.The conditions of dormitories on campus are worse than those on dormitories off campus

b
A nation must have its own self-confidence, self-esteem, and cohesion in order for this nation to be able to stand on its own.If these are lost, this nation has no hope, and its self-esteem, self-confidence, and its cohesion are based on culture.It is only when the fine traditions are known and understood that they have begun to emerge.
This sentence supports an argument, namely:
A.As long as a nation inherits its own tradition, it will naturally have cohesion
B.To enhance self-confidence, self-esteem, and cohesion, a nation must first strengthen the education of outstanding ethnic culture and traditions.
C.To enhance self-confidence, self-esteem, and cohesion, a nation must first develop its economy.
D.The excellent traditional culture of the nation has been rooted in the members of the nation, and it can be recognized by its members without external efforts.

b
Nature is the environment for the development and continuation of human life.At the same time, production labor, which is the intermediary between the exchange of human and natural material, is the starting point for the formation and development of human social relations.Human relations-production relations, and thus form complex social relations such as national, class, and family.
This sentence supports an argument, namely:
A.Man can survive and develop only if he is passively adapted to nature
B.The relationship between man and man is based on the relationship between man and nature
C.People's social relations have their inherent development rules, which can exist and develop independently
D.People are part of nature because people are animals

a
So far, researchers have found that there are as many as 40 types of growth factors contained in embryos and thymus tissues, many of which have been proven to be the target tissues for skin growth, and have important regulatory and promoting effects on skin cell metabolism and division and reproduction.If these growth factors can be filled into the skin tissue of middle-aged people by applying a cream, it will have a certain effect on maintaining the health of skin tissue and delaying skin aging.
An accurate understanding of this text is:
A.Creams containing growth factors have the potential to maintain skin health
B.Researchers find more than 40 growth-protecting growth factors
C.Middle-aged people are most effective with creams containing growth factors
D.An effective way to delay skin aging is to apply a cream containing growth factors

b
People in primitive society can always realize that they do nt have any real enjoyment.In order to survive, they must take up the weapons that transform nature.The transformation of nature has objectively been rid of the gods, but it is extremely difficult to transform nature.These successes depend to a large extent on chances.In this case, the ancients, on the one hand, achieved certain victories by their own strength, and on the other hand attributed the victory to the gods.
The main points supported by this passage are:
A.The worship of deities is widespread in primitive society
B.The worship of gods in primitive society is due to the poor living environment
C.In primitive society, people often pinned their hopes of success on god blessings.
D.The concept of gods is due to the low productivity of people in primitive society

a
Changes in language elements are sometimes not waiting for changes in social life-that is, even if social life has not changed significantly, vocabulary, pronunciation and grammar may change quietly, and the changes in vocabulary are relatively obvious.
The point directly supported by this passage is:
A.Changes in language elements are not completely dominated by social life
B.The development and change of language elements are often present
C.When social life develops and changes, changes in language elements are more obvious
D.Generally speaking, changes in vocabulary are more pronounced than changes in speech

a
Scientific research shows that the sun is a celestial body with constantly changing energy output.It is these changes that have caused strong disturbances of the state of the upper atmosphere and ionosphere.
The following conclusions can be drawn:
A.The sun is a celestial body with constantly changing energy output, and its changes cause changes in space weather
B.The constant change of solar energy output causes strong disturbance of the state of the upper atmosphere and ionosphere, which is the root cause of severe disasters
C.The continuous output of solar energy will cause drastic changes in the Earth's space environment
D.The continuous change of solar energy is a direct factor and direct cause of natural disasters

b
As a teacher, whether you realize it or not, you are half an actor, some have a stronger sense of role, some are weaker; some have stronger acting ability, and some are weaker.With the same knowledge and insight, the teaching effect The degree is reflected in the difference in performance awareness and performance ability.
This passage mainly supports the view that:
A.Teachers should use the classroom as a stage and treat themselves as actors
B.Teachers' performance consciousness and ability affect teaching effectiveness
C.Teachers with strong performing skills often have good teaching results
D.Knowledge, insight, performance, etc.are required courses for teachers

c
The cost of running an independent college refers to the various expenses incurred by the school in the process of cultivating students' comprehensive qualities such as knowledge, skills, and skills.Specifically, it includes the salary expenses of the faculty and staff of the college, and the administrative expenses of the various departments of the college.The school guarantees the normal operation of all kinds of business expenditures required for the normal conduct of school activities, campus school building maintenance and repair expenditures, fixed assets purchase and construction and user fees, etc.Appropriate classification of school running costs can provide specific costs for school running cost accounting.Accounting index requirements, on the other hand, also provide a more useful information index system for the comprehensive and effective control of school running costs.
The author is most likely to introduce next:
A.The characteristics of independent colleges
B.Effective Ways to Control Costs of Independent Colleges
C.Classification of independent college running costs
D.How to calculate the running costs of independent colleges

a
Decision theory emphasizes that management is decision-making, which has certain scientific significance.However, it believes that management has nothing but decision-making.The concept of decision-making is defined as a unified concept of management, so that management is limited to a relatively narrow area.The general concept is complete.The concept of management includes not only decision-making, but also basic work such as accounting and statistics, and more of the lower-level personnel need to do "business decisions".
The text mainly states:
A.Limitations of decision theory
B.Decision theory emphasizes the scientific significance of decision-making
C.The relationship between management and decision-making
D.Management includes decision

c
Surgical treatment of abnormal brains is not a new subject for the medical community.The original intention of psychosurgery is to change people's abnormal mental activities and behaviors through surgical means.
The author is most likely to introduce next:
A.What are the surgical methods used early?
B.Risks of surgery
C.Changes to the abnormal brain after surgery
D.Definition of modern psychosurgery

a
If a society allows only a "success/failure" binary opposition context, society is problematic.In fact, this arbitrary binary opposition model should not be used to make value judgments.Some people are willing to succeed.It is understandable to be up and out of the way, but it is also necessary to allow some people to be dazed, dream, and have a little life without many pursuits.Each person's personality and growth experience are different, not everyone has to go, either success or failure These two roads, and between them, there are N roads leading to success as everyone understands.
This passage mainly supports such a view:
A.Everyone has different standards, and success cannot be unified
B.Those who are dazed and dreamers will never succeed
C.People with dual views of "success and failure" are problematic
D.Judge a person's success with his personality and experience

d
Anthropologists have repeatedly proven how valuable this cultural comparison is in research on primitive nations.Formal customs of a tribe maybe 90% the same as those of neighboring tribes, but they just deny the core basic institutions.Arrangements, no matter how small their ratio, on the whole, could make the future of the nation in a unique direction.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.In primitive ethnic studies, cultural comparison is the most important research method
B.There are both similarities and essential differences between the formal customs of nearby tribes
C.Basic institutional arrangements account for a small percentage of the tribal formal customs
D.Basic institutional arrangements may determine the development direction of a nation

c
An important sign that modern industrial civilization has replaced traditional agricultural civilization is that large-scale socialized production has replaced traditional small-scale production and natural economy.This is not only a change in the mode of production, but also inherently includes a change in cultural models.Because, large-scale socialized production The fundamental principles of the operation mechanism and organization of the company are the rational and scientific principles provided by the cultural model of rationalism, as well as modern organizational principles that reflect the spirit of rationality.
The correct understanding of this text is:
A.Traditional small production and natural economy make agricultural civilization stagnate for a long time
B.The core of socialized production is the transformation of rationalist cultural models and production methods
C.Changes in production methods and cultural models have promoted the progress of human civilization
D.The change of cultural model has fundamentally brought modern industrial civilization to human beings

c
The creation of Ci Fu in the Han Dynasty was based on lyrical Fu.The representative works are Jia Yi's "Drag Qu Yuan Fu" and "Peng Niao Fu".In the late Eastern Han Dynasty, Ci Fu and Lyrical Fu became mainstream.It ends with a lyrical fu, and its trajectory is drawn in a circle.However, Jia Yi's lyrical fus are all saucy, apparently inherited from Chu Ci.The lyrical fu in the late Eastern Han Dynasty is both sauertic and scattered.The style, as well as the four-character poetry style, presents a diverse pattern in the style of the work.
The correct understanding of this text is:
A.The overall development trajectory of Ci Fu in the Two Han Dynasties is a circle, which mainly inherits the style of Chu Ci
B.Sao style, prose style and four-character poetry form the literary world of the Han Dynasty
C.Lyrics are the mainstream of Ci Fu in the late Eastern Han Dynasty, and various styles coexist, showing a diverse pattern
D.Jia Yi is a representative figure of lyrical fu in the Han Dynasty, and his works are romantic

d
If it is in a static environment, although environmental protection will indeed increase the cost of the enterprise in the short term, under the conditions of dynamic competition, strict environmental protection can trigger innovation and offset costs in the long run.This will not only increase the cost of the enterprise, Instead, it may generate net income and make the company more competitive in the international market.Therefore, the implementation of appropriate environmental protection will not only hurt the competitiveness of the company, but will be beneficial to it.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Static environmental protection and dynamic environmental protection have different impacts on enterprises
B.Dialectical view of the relationship between short-term environmental protection and corporate development
C.Strengthen environmental protection and find ways to offset the cost of environmental protection
D.Reasonable environmental protection measures can enhance the competitiveness of enterprises

b
We have found that the difference between the original and counterfeit is aesthetically important, which does not mean that the original is necessarily better than the counterfeit.An inspired reproduction may be more rewarding than an original painting; a damaged one The original may have lost most of its previous advantages; an image printed from a worn-out etching plate may be aesthetically inferior to a previously printed image than a good photographic reproduction.
One thing that cannot be derived from this text is:
A.The fundamental difference between the original and the fake is the aesthetic superiority and uniqueness
B.The pros and cons between the original and the fake are not necessarily clear-cut
C.If an original is damaged, it may be far worse than a better preserved copy
D.Good photographic reproductions are sometimes more valuable than images printed on etched plates

b
In recent years, mobile phone A.PP has been widely developed and applied, which has played an important role in promoting economic and social development and serving people's livelihood.Some A.PP collects and uses personal information, which is too broad in content and scope, and some information is not necessary for the development of safe, efficient, and convenient services.In fact, only those who are required to collect related services must not collect and do not collect information that cannot meet user service needs should be collected.Personal information collected in order to accumulate big data to accurately distribute advertisements and promote products is irrelevant to the current needs of users and exceeds the necessary limit for collection.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Mobile phone A.PP It is not necessary to collect a large amount of user information
B.Mobile phones A.PP should not collect information that has nothing to do with user needs
C.Mobile phones A.PP operators should limit the scope of information collection
D.Mobile phone A.PP brings many conveniences to people's daily life

d
Basic research is the source of the entire scientific system and the foundation of building a strong country through science and technology.In 2018, China's total social research and experimental development (R & D.) Funding was about 1.94 trillion yuan, and the total number of R & D personnel is expected to be 4.18 million.Reasonable allocation can achieve more.According to the 2017 Statistical Bulletin of National Science and Technology Funding Inputs, in 2017, China's basic research funding was 97.55 billion yuan, accounting for 5.5% of R & D.Although the scale and intensity have increased in recent years However, because the input intensity has been too low for a long time, the utilitarian nature of basic research resource allocation has been intensified, and the problem of lack of technology sources has become increasingly prominent.In the future, it is necessary to substantially strengthen the multi-input system of basic research to improve resource allocation and use efficiency.
Which is this text is most likely to tell next:
A.Problems in basic research in China
B.Progress made in basic research in China
C.How to solve the problem of missing technology sources
D.How to strengthen diversified investment in basic research

b
The thickness of the ice cap of the Earth's Antarctic reaches 4.8 kilometers.The pressure of the ice layer can reduce the freezing point of the water.The temperature at the bottom of the ice cap can allow the existence of liquid water.The radar wave can detect the liquid water below the Antarctic ice cap.And it receives reflected echoes.Electromagnetic waves of different frequencies have different penetrating capabilities.The lower the frequency, the greater the depth of penetration.When the electromagnetic waves are transmitted down through the ice, they will be reflected back at the interface between different substances.Waves, such as the interface between ice and bedrock, water-containing sediment, and liquid water bodies, will all reflect echoes, and the radar will advance along the flight track to continuously measure and obtain underground images.
Which of the following statements is consistent with the original:
A.Radar is the most basic means of detecting underground objects
B.The frequency of electromagnetic waves is inversely proportional to the penetration depth
C.There must be life at the bottom of the Antarctic ice sheet
D.The reflection of the electromagnetic wave is the same between different materials

c
Whether it is Douyin s slogan Recording a Better Life or Quick Hand s slogan Recording the World to Record You, we always emphasize the recording function of short videos.In this sense, short videos have similar functions to documentaries.From a micro perspective Judging from the fact that short videos record only some fragmented content, but from a macro perspective, short videos record the overall style of an era.Unlike documentaries, short video records are a jigsaw-like record that aggregates Yu collaged the fragmented records of ordinary individuals' moments in life, and combined the rich and diverse perspectives to record the overall style of an era.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Differences between short videos and documentaries
B.Both short videos and documentaries have recording capabilities
C.Short video records the overall look of an era
D.Short videos record fragmented content

a
Ancient Chinese has a comprehensive education program in primary and secondary schools in China, and arts and other non-literary majors have reached the master's degree, but this lacks the necessary qualitative requirements.Although some universities continue to teach ancient Chinese, only As an elective course, the setting of foreign language courses runs from compulsory courses from the child stage to the master's and doctoral degrees.The imbalanced curriculum setting has caused serious imbalances in a foreign language and ancient Chinese teaching, leading to the trend of ancient Chinese The edge of teaching.
The point expressed in this passage is:
A.Ancient Chinese should be included as a compulsory course in the teaching of postgraduate students such as art
B.The ancient Chinese education plan for primary and secondary schools should be improved
C.Graduating foreign language compulsory courses for graduate students
D.Chinese teaching should be included as an elective course in art courses

c
The four major human troubles are not only "life", "old", and "dead" that no one has escaped, and even "illness" cannot be eradicated.Mankind has its own invention of "medicine"."When the" medicine "is not very effective, the spirit, the guidance, and the wish (ancient psychotherapy) will regain its attractiveness (such as the internal dysfunction of the external dysfunction and the internal dysfunction of the external dysfunction.Out of desperate cancer patients), but they can't get rid of vassal status.
This passage aims to emphasize:
A.Some fundamental human troubles are inevitable
B.When "medicine" fails, humans turn to other methods
C."Medicine" is the basic means of treating human disease
D.The relationship between "disease" and "medicine" is both opposite and interdependent

c
In the course of more than 5,000 years of civilization development, the Chinese nation has created a broad and profound and splendid culture.At present, how to "live the cultural relics stored in the Forbidden Palace, the heritage displayed on the vast earth, and the words are written in ancient books" It has become a real problem that we must face.Imagine that if a traditional culture loses its connection with the times and lacks emotional communication and spiritual rapport with modern people, "only a few people admire each other in the study", that and one What's the difference between piles of scattered symbols and dull materials? Only by starting from "sleeping" and moving from "house world" to "big world" can we cultivate a more contemporary cultural confidence with innovative characteristics.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.The Chinese nation has a broad and profound traditional culture
B.How to "live" cultural relics is a problem we must face
C.Cultural relics should go out of the closed state and open to the public
D.Traditional culture should strengthen its connection with the times

c
Some people say that the fundamental problem hindering the process of urbanization in China is the underdevelopment of rural education.Even farmers with low levels of cultural knowledge can only engage in the simplest physical labor, and the higher the degree of urbanization, the lower the quality of labor.The requirements are also higher, and eventually, most of the farmers still have to withdraw from the cities.However, the backwardness of rural education is precisely the fault of the government, which must not be used to delay the household registration reform and urbanization.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Underdevelopment of rural education hinders China's urbanization
B.The degree of urbanization is directly proportional to the requirements for labor quality
C.Urbanization must not be delayed because of backward rural education
D.The backwardness of rural education is directly related to the government's fault

c
When culture cannot express life, but suppresses it, the tension of life increases.At this time, it is necessary to change the old culture and create a new culture to re-express life.But the transformation of culture does not have to start with culture, sometimes, directly Expressing the tension and crisis of life, this expression itself forms a new culture.
The text mainly states:
A.One of the functions of culture is to express life
B.Culture can both express and suppress life
C.The conflict between life and culture may give birth to a new culture
D.Culture sometimes directly expresses the tension and crisis of life

d
Like philosophers, writers do not directly question the meaning of life or the existence of the word universe, but through the specific fate of the characters, through the depiction of natural sceneries, to touch on deep metaphysical issues.On the surface, this seems to make us Stay away from metaphysics.In fact, this kind of emotional experience brings us closer to metaphysics.
The text mainly states:
A.Writers generally do not touch on deep metaphysical issues
B.Writers and philosophers have metaphysical thinking
C.The author's way of experiencing emotionally will keep us away from metaphysics
D.Writers help us approach metaphysics

a
Reinforcement refers to the process and method of enhancing, weakening or eliminating a certain behavior by changing the stimulating factors of the environment.Among them, direct reinforcement refers to the process in which an individual is strengthened by directly showing the behavior that should be strengthened.Alternative reinforcement refers to the individual The process of being strengthened by observing the actions of others.Self-reinforcement refers to the process of strengthening an individual's behavior with a remuneration that he can control when his or her behavior reaches a set standard.
According to the above definitions, the following are alternative enhancements:
A.People and Clouds
B.Kill a hundred
C.On merit rewards
D.Small punishment and great commandment

a
The two things have opposite characteristics in terms of nature, size, appearance, etc.When people recognize one thing, they think of the other from the opposite side.This kind of association is called contrast association.
Based on the above definitions, the following associations are used in the following verses:
A.Liu Yuxi's Wuyi Lane: "In the old days, Wang Xietang swallowed up and flew into the homes of ordinary people."
B.Su Shi's "Niannujiao Chibi Nostalgia": "Going to the east of the river, the waves are gone, and the people of all ages are popular.On the west side of the old base, the humane is the Three Kingdoms Zhoulang Chibi."
C.Li Yu, "When is Yu Meiren's Spring Flowers and Autumn Moons?": "The carvings and jade blocks should still be there, but Zhu Yankai.How sad is it to ask Jun? It's like a river springs to the east."
D."The Book of Songs Guan Guan": "Guan Guan Zhuo Qiu, in the river's continent, a lady, a gentleman is good."

b
Inheritance refers to all the property and other property rights that can be inherited by the law when the inherited person dies.According to the relevant provisions of China's inheritance law, the inheritance must meet three characteristics: it must be the inheritance left at the death of the citizen; it must be an individual citizen Of all property; it must be legal property.
Based on the above definition, the following statements are true:
A.Li still has no word after one year's declaration of disappearance by the court, his personal property can be regarded as a heritage
B.After the death of Zhang, the common property of his husband and wife are not both of Zhang's legacy
C.Zhao said to his family that the more than ten thousand yuan gambling debts owed by Qian to his family can be used as his legacy
D.Wang died of an industrial injury, and his death benefit can be distributed as an inheritance

c
The bystander effect, also known as the decentralized responsibility effect, refers to the suppression of rescue behaviors caused by the presence of others in an emergency.
According to the above definition, the following situations are in line with the onlooker effect:
A.A truck rollover occurred on the highway, and everyone helped the truck driver Xiao Yang to protect the cargo from looting.
B.Occasionally a pedestrian falls on the road, Xiao Li sees no witnesses around him and is afraid to help
C.Xiao Zhang urged his wife to call the police when a fire broke out near the supermarket.His wife answered that someone must have called the police.
D.Someone fell into the water at the seaside, and the lifeguard Xiao Wang ran and shouted, reminding the onlookers not to rush into the water for rescue

d
Bebe's law means that when someone experiences a strong stimulus, the first large stimulus can weaken the effect of the second small stimulus.
Based on the above definition, which of the following verses does not fit the connotation of Bebe's Law?
A.Once the sea was difficult for the water
B.Wuyue returns without looking at the mountains
C.Don't be sad for a long time
D.Iron Horse Glacier Comes to Dream

d
Work communication is a communication that directly reflects and guides the actual work.It can either analyze the current experience and problems in the work through the reporting of news facts, and propose things with regularity to promote work; it can also target some still in the bud The tendency and phenomenon of the state are recorded or analyzed, which has caused people's attention and thinking.
Based on the above definition, which of the following news stories is least likely to be a work newsletter?
A."Working Group Touches" Soft Nails ""
B."Be alert to the routine of the WeChat group"
C.Microsoft Revelation
D."Wind and Rain, Divine Land"

b
The halo effect, also known as the halo effect, refers to the fact that when a cognitive person forms a good or bad impression of a certain characteristic of a cognitive object, it conceals other qualities or characteristics, or tends to reason about other characteristics based on it.
According to the above definitions, the following are not part of the halo effect:
A.Lush in the eyes of a lover
B.The crows in the world are generally black
C.Hairless on the mouth
D.One Jun Covers One Hundred Ugly

c
Mother tongue transfer is in the process of acquiring a second language.The learner's first language, that is, the use of the mother tongue, will directly affect the acquisition of the second language, and it will actively promote or negatively interfere with it.
Based on the above definitions, the following are mother tongue transfers:
A.The texts of Japan and South Korea contain a large number of Chinese characters, and Chinese culture in history is the source of their development.
B.A moved to foreign countries with his parents when he was five years old.
C.Englishman B is particularly difficult to master quantifiers when learning Chinese
D.C grows up in a bilingual environment and is fluent in both languages in life and study

c
Role failure means that the role bearer has been proven to be unable to continue to assume or fulfill the rights and obligations of the role, and has to quit halfway and abandon the original role.From the result of the role failure, there are usually two types, one is the role The bearer has to quit the role halfway.The other is that although it is still in a certain role position, its performance has proven to be a failure.
Based on the above definitions, the following failing roles are:
A.couple divorce
B.Friends break
C.Staff secondment
D.Official removal

c
The rapid development of science and technology in recent years has provided inspiration for science fiction creation, and also provided rich materials for science fiction creation.The theme of science fiction is to surround science and technology fantasy, to reveal the social problems brought about by the development of science and technology and to bring them to human The development of science fiction is the result of the development of science and technology.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the conclusion?
A.The science fiction that accompanied the Western Industrial Revolution went through three historical periods: start-up, maturity, and heyday.
B.The development of science and technology has expanded the imagination space of science fiction, and science fiction provides a humanistic perspective for the development of science and technology
C.Technology is only a background element in science fiction, and science fiction essentially still needs to tell a complete story
D.Science fiction shows the aspirations of human beings, and ultimately promotes the development of technology to turn those dreams into reality

b
All professors with outstanding academic standards are deeply loved by students, and all professors with outstanding academic standards are focused on training students' professional basic knowledge.Therefore, some professors loved by students do not advocate focusing only on academic frontier issues.
The prerequisites for the establishment of the above argument are:
A.Professors who only focus on academic frontiers are not loved by students
B.Professors with outstanding academic standards do not advocate focusing only on academic frontier issues
C.Professors who focus on training students' basic knowledge are loved by students
D.Some professors who focus on training students' professional basic knowledge do not advocate focusing only on academic frontier issues

d
Some researchers claim to have found a new way to control blood glucose levels in people with diabetes, and the key to this new therapy is caffeine.They tested mice with diabetes and when the mice took caffeine, The ability to control blood glucose levels is better than that of mice that did not consume caffeine.Based on this, the researchers believe that the past method of controlling blood glucose concentrations in people with diabetes through insulin injections may also be replaced by caffeine in the future.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.The above research results are published in the world's top medical journals
B.Injecting daily insulin is more troublesome for diabetics
C.Research shows that caffeine reduces the risk of rectal cancer and melanoma
D.Caffeine uptake by kidney cells in mice and humans promotes insulin production

a
Only by establishing the basic status of competition policy can we promote the supply-side structural reform.Under this new situation, we must strengthen the top-level design to establish the basic status of competition policy.Strengthening the top-level design must be based on creating an institutional environment for fair competition Establishing the fundamental status of competition policy is also an inevitable requirement for achieving innovation-driven.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Supply-side structural reforms cannot be promoted without strengthening the top-level design
B.Promote supply-side structural reforms to achieve innovation-driven
C.Enabling a fair and competitive institutional environment is a sufficient condition for strengthening top-level design
D.Top-level design can only be strengthened by promoting supply-side structural reforms

a
Studies have proven that the bone soup prepared by the traditional method has a low free calcium content, and the calcium content in each 100 ml of bone soup is only about 2 mg, so the traditional concept of "drinking bone soup to supplement calcium" is wrong.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Only free calcium can be digested and absorbed by the body
B.The bone soup contains fatter, drinking bone soup often may cause hyperlipidemia
C.The bone soup contains collagen, which can enhance the human hematopoietic function
D.The calcium intake of Chinese residents is generally insufficient, and food supplements are the most convenient

a
Judging the sex of human remains in archeological research is of great significance for understanding the structure of ancient society.Scientists found that enamel contains enamel protein, and the gene encoding this protein happens to be on the sex chromosomes-X and Y chromosomes.It is believed that the method of determining the sex of the remains with teeth can be used for archeological research.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the above argument?
A.Teeth are the easiest to find and best preserved of ancient human remains
B.No significant gender differences in bones of child remains
C.The sex ratio of human remains is roughly the same as that of human society at the time
D.Measuring certain skeletal features such as the structure of the pelvis can often directly determine gender

b
The chemical name is polytetrafluoroethylene and the commercial name is Teflon.It is widely used in the inner pot of rice cookers.Studies have shown that the substance will become toxic under high temperature above 260 degrees, so some people think that rice cookers will make " Poison Rice ".
Which of the following, if true, would best challenge the above view?
A.Teflon as a coating is particularly easy to peel off and mix into food
B.The working temperature of the Teflon inner rice cooker is 119 degrees
C.Teflon is toxic enough to cause cancer under high temperature conditions
D.Teflon materials are also used in medical, metallurgical and other fields

d
Industrial exhaust emissions are an important reason for the increase in greenhouse gases, but there are still a large number of greenhouse gases coming from the bottom.Methane is produced in the bottom sediments of water bodies such as lakes, ponds, and rivers, and the methane mainly comes out of the water in the form of bubbles and enters the atmosphere.Found that nutrient-rich water bodies release more methane, so experts have suggested that in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in water bodies, the abuse of fertilizers should be limited.
For the above argument to be true, which of the following premises must be added?
A.Methane emissions from water sediments are greater than industrial exhaust
B.Methane is the main component of greenhouse gases
C.Chemical fertilizers easily cause pollution to the environment through water bodies
D.Abuse of fertilizers can easily bring too much nutrition to water sediments

d
There are three teachers, civil servants, and bank staff, of which A is not a bank clerk, B is not a teacher, and C is not a civil servant.Teachers are older than B, and C is the youngest of the three.
Based on the above conditions, the following statements are wrong:
A.A is a teacher
B.B is a civil servant
C.A is not a civil servant
D.C is not a bank clerk

b
Researchers have long believed that humans were differentiated from African apes about 5 million years ago, but a recent study has suggested that this differentiation has occurred much earlier in Europe.The hypothesis is based on the discovery of 7.2 million years ago human remains in caves in Greece and Bulgaria.Researchers from multiple countries analyzed the roots of two known samples.They used specialized X-rays, or computers Tomography scans the mandibular fossils from Greece and the upper premolar fossils from Bulgaria, and finds that their characteristics indicate that the two ancient apes-nicknamed "Greek", maybe pre-humans, that is, primitive humans.
According to this text, the following is true:
A.Primitive humans differentiated from European apes
B."Greek" ancient apes have human characteristics
C.Researchers find only roots of European ape
D.X-ray technology can accurately calculate the age of the ancient ape man

b
Chinese-American physicist Li Zhengdao said that "China's abacus is the oldest computer in the world." British scholar Needham also called the abacus "the fifth-largest invention in China." Then, why is the abacus so attractive that it won two people? What is the high respect for scholars? It is the simple structure of the frame beam and beads, combined with the exquisite abacus formula, to solve the calculation problems of addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and even the square.In the era of no computer, it has promoted social economy Development has played an inestimable role.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Structure and principle of abacus
B.Reasons for the abacus' respect
C.The role of abacus on the social economy
D.The status of the abacus in the history of science and technology

c
The scale is one of the important ways of industrial modernization, and it is questionable whether China's agricultural development is suitable for large-scale agricultural production models.For many years, large-scale farm production methods in the United States have proven that intensive agricultural production will cause degradation of the agricultural ecological environment and biodiversity.It is destroyed, which in turn affects food security.At present, China's per capita arable land area is only 1.52 acres, which is only the world average level, which is far lower than the U.S.per capita level, so the US ranch model is not necessarily suitable for China's development.At the same time, China's agricultural modernization started late.Compared to developed countries such as the United States, there is still a certain gap in agricultural technology and management methods.The "steps" of modernization have suddenly taken too much, and it is likely to cause a disconnection between the upper and lower levels.
What this text is most likely to say next is:
A.Agricultural reform should not be rushed, but steadily
B.Development of large-scale agricultural production models should draw lessons from abroad
C.The scale of agricultural production should be tailored to suit local conditions
D.Disconnection of production links is the bottleneck of large-scale agricultural development

d
Among the marketing propaganda focuses of paid knowledge, the most attractive is the effective use of fragmented time, such as learning and improving self while waiting for buses, running, and then effectively managing time.Although this fragmented learning method looks at It seems very flexible and can improve the time utilization rate, but scientific research shows that it can't really let you absorb the learned knowledge, which is not in line with the operation mechanism of the brain to absorb knowledge.Those golden sentences that make you wonder, those that make you 醍醐The moment of initiation will be forgotten in a few days, not to mention the internalization and transfer of knowledge.Just as fast food is delicious and full, it does not mean that it is nutritious.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.The future of paid knowledge is not clear
B.The propaganda direction of paid knowledge is not true
C.Learning is a long and arduous process
D.The "fragmented learning" approach is not ideal

a
The technology development process of mankind since modern times is different from that of ancient times.The development of ancient technology is only an occasional event, such as gunpowder, compass, etc., although it has had a significant impact in military history, due to the simple structure, there is no major improvement in the follow-up.However, modern technology is not, The deployment of machines to steam engines, and then to internal combustion engines, electric motors, and technological progress is continuous and a linear process that can be expected.Therefore, we can aim at the future and make a leap forward in the process.For example, Qian Xuesen's basic industry in China is very weak., It advocates focusing on the development of missiles instead of aircraft; the United States directly launched the Apollo moon landing program when artificial earth satellites and manned space lag behind the Soviet Union.These are typical examples of leapfrog development.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Leap-forward development is a prerequisite for seizing the opportunity of technological development
B.The path of modern technology development is essentially different from ancient times
C.Courage and courage are the spiritual qualities that support leapfrog development
D.The infinite pursuit of technological improvement can achieve leapfrog development

d
No matter how rich and wonderful the original work is, the adaptation of the literary classics into a TV series is a re-creation.The TV series should present the complex and heavy theme of the original as much as possible, and the fragmented story must be adapted into the fate of the line-shaped characters through adaptation.Historical changes, reflection on the survival of the nation, the glory and decline of Confucian culture, the suppression and publicity of human desire ...The motif of literary classics must be reinterpreted by the hand of adaptation.And, no matter how you change, the plot's The advancement, the shaping of the characters, and the development of the plot must all conform to the inherent behavioral logic of the characters.
Regarding the principles of adapting literary classics to TV series, the article does not cover:
A.To highlight the theme of literary classics
B.Have a clearer mainline
C.should have a reasonable internal logic
D.Use necessary exaggeration

a
Recently, several national ministries and commissions jointly issued the "Provisions on the Strict Exclusion of Illegal Evidence in the Handling of Criminal Cases", which clarified the identification criteria and exclusion procedures for illegal evidence in terms of the investigation, prosecution, defense, and trial.The so-called " "Evidence" is the "foundation" of conviction and sentencing.According to the standard of evidence in China, a citizen can be convicted only if the standard of "facts are clear and the evidence is sufficient" can be judged.This kind of legal form, or the acquisition procedure violates the legal provisions, is not legal evidence and cannot be trusted by the court.Although the law stipulates "black and white" to strictly exclude illegal evidence, from the perspective of judicial practice, such evidence is like stubborn psoriasis.Not stop, never stop.
The most likely next paragraph of this text is:
A.Reasons why illegal evidence cannot be strictly ruled out
B.Contents of "8 Legal Forms" of the Criminal Procedure Law
C.Impact of illegal evidence on judicial work
D.Realistic background of new regulations

d
The contemporary society is showing a trend of urban-rural integration, cultural strata and regional differences are becoming smaller and smaller, the regional and group differences of folklore are disappearing, and the significance of folklore as the identification or identification of regions and people is gradually weakening.Under the trend and background, it becomes fashionable rather than practical.For example, embroidery or hats in the tourist field are basically not used, but used for decoration and collection.Folklore has become a romantic, fashionable Consumer goods have become part of popular culture.
The text mainly says:
A.Reconstructing folk aesthetics as a mass culture from an aesthetic perspective
B.Popular pop culture affects the common people s aesthetic taste of folklore
C.The narrowing of the gap between cultural classes and regions makes folklore a popular culture
D.The rapid development of urban-rural integration has changed the nature of folklore

b
Folklore is a form of expression of culture, which is the living form of tradition and culture.It is the product of the combination of cultural essence and reality left over thousands of years of washing.Folklore has a strong identity function for specific groups.It has an irreplaceable role in the construction of contemporary society.
From what angle does this passage define "folklore"?
A.Group construction
B.Social functions
C.Values
D.Cultural heritage

b
The basic meaning of "the world is public" is that the world is shared by the people of the world, not a group or a group.Behind the concept of "the world is public," we see the most basic political concept of the Chinese, and it is also the past The basic principle of China s political operation for the past 4,000 years is political equality, and everyone has the opportunity to participate in the governance of the world.Of course, there are many ways to participate.A common person can also participate in the governance of the world, such as self-cultivation Qi Family, this is the content and foundation of governing the country and peace.
This text mainly introduces:
A.Basic Principles of Chinese Political Operation
B.The meaning and manifestation of "the world is public"
C.Many forms of people's participation in governing the country
D.Political Concepts Reflected in "The World Is Public"

b
Royals, literati and the mainstream of the society throughout the dynasties have shown their love for the five famous kiln porcelains of the Northern Song Dynasty.In the blue, there was a faint glow, only a few dozen pieces existed in the world, and Sotheby's took one, costing more than ten million yuan.In the Southern Song Dynasty, the "longquan kiln" celadon became mainstream, and it is also highly respected today.Many of the ancient porcelains are still shining with the nobleness of cyan glaze, and people's love for them is still one of the mainstream in the aesthetics of utensils.
This statement is intended to explain:
A.Guanyao porcelain has a very high collection value
B.Cyan has extraordinary aesthetic significance to porcelain
C.Color determines porcelain value, not kiln mouth
D.Porcelain has been loved by people since ancient times

a
At the moment when the universe completes the Big Bang, the matter is constantly flying away in all directions, which is the expansion of the universe.During the expansion of the universe, there is a slight difference in the density of various substances, which makes the parts of the universe in the role of gravity Concentrate towards a place with a slightly higher density of matter nearby.Gravity gradually increases and increases with the concentration of matter, while the greater the gravity, the more the matter becomes more concentrated.The area of material concentration is very large, and may even exceed hundreds of thousands of light years.Such a large area, the final structure is a galaxy.
The text mainly says:
A.How galaxies are formed
B.The physical process of universe expansion
C.Why the Big Bang happened
D.Gravity in the process of material concentration

a
Allelopathy refers to the direct or indirect effect that a plant has on the plant or surrounding plants (including microorganisms) by releasing chemicals to the environment.
According to the above definitions, the following are not allergic:
A.After the pesticide sprayed on ginseng is absorbed by the soil, it will kill the nitrifying bacteria and ammoniating bacteria in the soil
B.The leaves and peels of walnut trees will release glucose to walnut quinones, which will kill the plants under the walnut tree.
C.The phenolic substances secreted from eucalyptus leaves can inhibit the growth of nearby flax after being washed down by rainwater
D.Hydroxamic acid is produced after rye residues are decomposed by microorganisms, affecting their own growth and development

b
Obligatory alternative means that although the perpetrator has committed an illegal act and caused a result, even if he complies with the law, the result cannot be avoided.
Based on the above definitions, the following optional actions are:
A.A is driving normally, and pedestrian Wang rushes towards A from the sidewalk, but Wang is injured.
B.Yi drunk and drove.Pedestrian Wang was also drunk and rushed towards B from the sidewalk.As a result, Wang was injured.
C.C driving at high speed, pedestrian Wang crossed the road, C was too late to brake, and Wang was injured
D.Ding was driving overloaded, and pedestrian Wang crossed the road.Fortunately, Ding made an emergency brake and did not hit Wang.

b
Cognitive dissonance is a state of conflict experienced by a person after making a decision, taking action, or coming into contact with beliefs that violate their original beliefs, emotions, or values.When people feel cognitive dissonance, an uncoordinated presence will promote People try to reduce inconsistencies.In addition to trying to adjust their behaviors or changing their attitudes, people can also actively avoid domestic and foreign factors and information factors that are likely to increase disharmony.
Based on the above definitions, Which of the following reflects cognitive dissonance:
A.Xiaoming participated in a very boring activity and received very little compensation from it
B.The salesman convinced Xiaohong to buy kitchenware that she didn't really need at a relatively high price.A few days later, Xiaohong felt that she liked the kitchenware very much.
C.Xiao Wang was criticized by his father for failing to take the exam.After returning to his room, he seriously thought about the reason and decided to study harder in the future.
D.Diligent Xiaoyu participated in many extracurricular classes, which caused him to be late every time he practiced the piano.He was very sorry to the piano teacher

a
Strategic emerging industries are based on major technological breakthroughs and major development needs, and have a major leading role in the overall economic and social development and long-term development.Intensive knowledge and technology, less material resources consumption, and large growth potential industries.
Based on the above definitions, the following are not strategic emerging industries:
A.Food processing industry
B.Energy saving and environmental protection industry
C.Information Industry
D.New materials industry

c
A collective refers to a unified whole composed of a certain number of homogeneous individuals, and the individuals that make up the collective do not necessarily have all the attributes of the collective.The concept of a collective refers to the concept of using a collective as a reflective object.
According to the above definitions, the following concepts shown in bold type are collective concepts:
A.Natural numbers are integers not less than 0
B.People enjoy a wide range of democratic rights
C.Our classmates come from all over the world
D.Teachers are intellectuals

b
Horizontal migration refers to the interaction between experiences at the same level of abstraction and generalization, and is the interaction between two experiences that belong to the same level of level in difficulty and complexity; vertical migration refers to interactions at different levels of abstraction and generalization.The interaction between experiences is the interaction between a higher-level experience with a higher level of generalization and a lower-level experience with a lower level of generalization.
According to the above definitions, the following are vertical migration:
A.Elementary school students will learn to write "Sen" after learning to write the word "Wood"
B.After learning the concepts of "plant" and "animal", it is helpful to learn the concept of "biology"
C.Learning concepts like "tiger" and "lion" can help identify unfamiliar whales or dolphins
D.After learning the knowledge about squares, it helps to learn about rhombuses, rectangles and other related knowledge

d
Subjective idealism believes that human's subjective spirit (such as purpose, will, feeling, experience, mind, etc.) is the origin of the world, and objective idealism believes that God, philosophy and other objective spirits exist before and independent of the material world Ontology, while the material world is just an externalization of this objective spirit.The former is original, the first, and the latter is derived, and the second.
According to the above definition, the following ideas belong to objective idealism:
A.The heart is born from the heart, the heart is turned from the heart
B.One flower, one world, one grass and one soul
C.Everything exists because they are perceived by us
D.Reason is the basis for the existence of everything in the world

d
Harm payment refers to the performance of the debtor in the contract relationship during the performance of the contract does not comply with the provisions of the contract, and such improper performance has caused damage to the creditor's performance other than the performance, this damage includes personal Damage or damage to property other than the subject matter.
Based on the above definitions, the following do not reflect damages payments:
A.Company A and Hotel B agreed to hold a thank-you banquet at the hotel.As a result, some guests in the banquet had food poisoning after eating seafood.
B.A and B have always had a cooperation agreement.In early 2018, A sold poultry with infectious diseases to farmer B, causing other poultry on-farm B to contract and die.
C.An electronic mall signed a purchase agreement with suppliers B, and B supplied the defective power bank to A.A consumer purchased the power bank of A mall, and an explosion occurred during use, and one hand was injured.
D.A fruit shop wants to purchase fruit, so it signs a contract with the supplier of B, and then finds that some of the fruit sent by B is rotten and cannot be sold.

c
The protruding part in the middle of the normal curve is the "head", and the part that is relatively flat on both sides is called the "tail".Most people's needs will be concentrated in the "head" part, and the needs distributed in the "tail" part are personalized and scattered.A small amount.But this part is differentiated, a small amount of demand will form a long "tail" on the demand curve.The so-called long tail effect means that all the markets distributed in the "tail" will form a sum A market larger than the "head" market, emphasizing "personalization" and "small profit large market", is to make little money for everyone, but to make money for many people.
According to the above definition, the following are consistent with the long tail effect:
A.Xiao Ji opened an online bookstore in charge of book sales.Craftsmen can also sell their own handmade bookmarks here.Bookmarks are cheap but popular, and the sales actually exceed the sales of books.
B.With the rise of online book sales, Xiao Zhang changed the physical bookstore to a "book bar" and no longer sells books.After some time, he found that the daily sales of coffee and refreshments were higher than the original book sales.
C.Many "white-collar workers" want to drink coffee during work but have no time to buy it.Xiao Wang founded a coffee delivery website and bought coffee at the coffee shop and delivered it to the customer who placed the order.Although the service fee is only 2 yuan per cup, the website income not bad
D.Xiao Liu's e-commerce website originally used to sell and distribute small appliances.Later, they expanded their main business and distributed magazines and flowers.After a period of time, the orders and revenue of magazines and flowers gradually exceeded the distribution of home appliances.

d
When facing undesired events, individuals often adjust between avoiding or accepting the facts to obtain inner balance.If a new choice appears close to the state of inner balance, it is easy to accept.Therefore, first put forward high requirements, and then propose more Low requirements are often more acceptable to the other party.This is known psychologically as the "demolition effect".
According to the above definitions, the following are not part of the demolition effect:
A.A merchant first raises the price and then conducts discount activities, which often attracts more customers to buy goods.
B.A student runs away from home after making a mistake, and returns to school safely a few days later, the head teacher no longer investigates his previous mistakes too much
C.When a friend makes an unreasonable request and is rejected, he immediately makes a relatively reasonable request, which is often easier to accept.
D.Someone chooses to compromise when they see that most people make a choice, no matter how irrational that choice is

d
Generally speaking, the temperature of young children rises less than that of adults due to sunlight.However, it has been found that if the temperature in the car compartment is high, young children are prone to heatstroke, and this phenomenon rarely occurs in adults.Even in adults Staying in the car for an hour at a high temperature of 45 㠃.Will not heat stroke.
Which of the following, if true, best explains the findings?
A.Among children aged 0 to 3 years, the younger the child, the weaker the resistance
B.With the increase of age, the proportion of water in the human body to the total body fluid becomes smaller, and the change in body temperature is no longer obvious
C.The inside of the car is a closed space.When the outdoor temperature reaches, the temperature inside the car can be reached.Adults will likely open the windows when they feel uncomfortable in the car.
D.Heatstroke often occurs when the water equivalent to body weight is lost.The body surface area corresponding to the child's weight is larger and can absorb heat faster.Since the number of sweat glands is the same as that of adults, the water loss rate is faster.

c
In the context of the country's development of emerging industries, although a company has been in a leading position in a certain industry for a long time, the production data in the first half of the year shows that the leading edge is getting smaller and smaller.After inviting experts to conduct business diagnosis, experts believe that the company has a leading edge The reason for the reduction is that although the company has a sound management system, the lack of aggressiveness in the corporate culture has led to the company's development slowing down in a good policy environment.
Which of the following, if true, cannot refute the opinions of experts?
A.Compared with similar companies in coastal areas, which benefit from a sound industrial chain, the company is in the Mainland and its development is limited.
B.The reason for the slowdown is that the company's production data in the second half of the year has generally been higher than in the first half.
C.The company has always focused on strengthening the construction of corporate culture and has formed a harmonious corporate atmosphere
D.Corporate culture is not a company's core competitiveness.The key problem is that the research and development of new products are not enough.

b
American early childhood education focuses on developing children's "critical thinking".One of the important points is to distinguish fact statements from opinion statements.Fact statements can be verified, there are "true and false" and there is no "good or bad"; opinion statements are mostly subjective Experience, influenced by values, etc.
In the following slogans, facts and opinions are taken into account:
A.Gold Chocolate, wake up your sweet memories
B.Measuring brand 65-inch frameless all-glass ultra-thin TV, giving you the general field of vision
C.The wine is refreshing, and it is difficult to leave, and the aftertaste is endless.
D.Horizontally opposed engines, left-right symmetrical full-time four-wheel drive

b
Autistic patients often have a low level of cognition, and some autistic patients show narrative disorders, that is, they cannot understand emotions and lack the ability to recognize themselves or others' emotions.Because and lack of emotional cognition, people usually think People with autism are more apathetic.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.In a moral dilemma, people with autism experience intense emotional stress in order to avoid harmful actions
B.The incidence of alexithymia is about as high as in autistic patients, much higher than that of ordinary people
C.People with autism also have normal empathic responses to others, and even pay more attention to others' emotions than ordinary people
D.Although alexithymia is accompanied by autism, the two are not necessarily related because many ordinary people also appear

c
When people swim in the ocean, the body releases an invisible electrical signal.Researchers have developed a marine invisibility garment based on this situation.The invisibility clothing shields electrical signals released by the body, making it impossible for marine life such as sharks to detect People's tracks so that people can get up close and observe marine life such as sharks.
Which of the following is a prerequisite for scientific researchers' assumptions?
A.Some marine organisms use ultrasound to exchange information, forage, and find and avoid natural enemies
B.Some fish have many cone cells in their retina, which can sensitively sense the subtle light changes in the water
C.Marine life such as sharks uses people's electrical signals to discover people's tracks
D.The invisibility garment is very thin and light, and will not hinder people's underwater activities.

c
Why do some primates have larger brains than others? The reason is usually considered to be social behavior, that is, primates live in larger and more complex social groups.In order to better deal with various social relationships, they need a bigger brain.
Which of the following, if true, cannot be questioned?
A.It is easier to predict brain size through dietary characteristics of primates than community complexity
B.Some primates, such as orangutans, usually live alone, but their brains are also large
C.The size of the cerebral cortex is not directly related to the size of the brain, but it is very important for primate cognition, spatial reasoning, etc.
D.In primates, the fruit-eating brain is larger than the leaf-eating, because the fruit is more dispersed in time and space, and finding the fruit is a more complicated task

a
At present, people obtain electricity by building dams on rivers, but there are only a few places on the earth that are suitable for dams, and dams will also damage the ecological environment.In contrast, the surface of the earth covered by the ocean.There is huge energy around the clock, and the collection of wave energy is suitable for a wide range of seas with little damage to the ecological environment.Therefore, collecting wave energy for power generation is more advantageous than generating dams on rivers.
Which of the following cannot be questioned if it is true?
A.It is estimated that the wave energy that can be developed and used in the world reaches 2.5TW.At present, some low-power wave energy equipment has been promoted for navigation buoys, lighthouses, etc.
B.The flow direction of the river is relatively stable, and the wave is a slow movement of the sea water, the direction is not fixed, and the efficiency of the generator set up under this condition is very low
C.Whether it is to build a tower on the sea floor to support power generation, or to fix a generator on the sea floor, it will cost a lot of money, and the cost is much more expensive than a river power station.
D.The water energy of the river is easy to collect, but the wave energy in the deep sea and the open ocean is difficult to extract, and the available wave energy is limited to the coast.

a
A.B, C, and D discuss the completion of homework by classmates.A says: All students in the class have finished their homework.B says: If Xiao Li finishes the homework, then Xiao Zhao does not finish the homework.C Said: Xiao Li finished his homework.Ding said: Someone in the class didn't finish their homework.
Knowing that only one of the four people is wrong, which of the following can be introduced?
A.A is wrong, Xiao Zhao did not finish his homework
B.B is not right, Xiao Li has finished his homework
C.C is wrong, Xiao Zhao did not finish his homework
D.Ding was wrong, Xiao Zhao finished his homework

b
In the process of interpersonal communication, appearance is the most easily observed attribute characteristic.Compared with people with ordinary appearance, attractive-looking individuals are often considered to have higher ability, more positive personality characteristics and better Interpersonal relationships, even income level and personal happiness index will be relatively high.In the work, when the same task is completed by different people, usually customers will give a relatively high evaluation of the service quality of good-looking employees.
It can be inferred from this:
A.As appearance becomes more and more attractive, people's evaluation of their personality characteristics is getting better and better.
B.Enterprises should choose good-looking people as employees to improve customer service satisfaction
C.Resume should not be accompanied by a photo, because the photo will affect the fairness of the recruiter's decision
D.Providing author's photos when publishing articles can improve readers' evaluation of article quality

b
A survey report in 2017 showed that more than 80% of households believe that reading is an important way for children to understand the world and acquire knowledge, and more than 60% believe that reading is of great significance for children to develop love and learning habits and develop a healthy personality.Among them, more than 30% of the children in the interviewed households were able to read daily, and over 60% of the children read between half an hour and 1 hour.However, only 30% of the parents often accompany their children to read, nearly 6% Becoming a family is for children to read by themselves.Interestingly, although parents themselves have been occupied by mobile phones, computers, and televisions for too much time, 13.63% of parents hope to use reading to squeeze their children's time to play electronic products and watch TV.
Which of the following options is best for text titles:
A."Chinese parents highly appreciate the value of reading for their children's growth"
B."Put down your mobile phone to accompany your child to read"
C."You look at your phone, your child reads a book?"
D."Reading, not just about books"

d
At present, China's urban construction faces many contradictions such as economic development and industrial structure adjustment, environmental protection, social governance models, and people's livelihood security.The construction of smart cities is the general trend.Many of our applications in smart cities have been at the forefront of the world., Bicycle sharing, etc., but there are also some problems, such as insufficient top-level design, lack of system regulations and innovation, etc.In addition, there are many aspects of smart city construction that do not take into account issues directly related to citizens, and citizens' perception is not obvious.How to combine the construction of smart cities with the interests of citizens and focus on the needs of the masses is the key to advancing the construction of smart cities and solving the problem of landing smart cities.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.China's smart city construction has taken the lead in the world
B.Construction of smart cities faces many comprehensive problems
C.Building smart cities can solve many contradictions in urban construction
D.To build a smart city, connect the ground gas to the needs of the masses

b
Precision medicine refers to the analysis and identification, verification and application of biomarkers for large sample populations and specific disease types based on personalized medicine based on genome, proteomics and other technologies to accurately find the cause and treatment of diseases.Target, and ultimately achieve personalized and precise treatment of diseases and specific patients.
Based on the above definitions, the following options are not part of precision medicine:
A.A suffers from cancer, doctors comprehensively test its genes and determine treatment options
B.B has a recent abnormal dizziness, and the doctor prescribed it over-the-counter after asking for symptoms.
C.Bing claimed that he was allergic to a certain drug when he sought medical treatment, and the doctor designed a medication plan based on his allergy.
D.Ding went to the Chinese hospital for treatment of insomnia, and the doctors treated them according to the concept of "same treatment but different treatment, same disease treatment"

d
Emotional advertising is an advertising strategy that appeals to consumers' emotions or emotional reactions to convey the added value or emotional satisfaction that products bring to them.The value of such emotions in the minds of consumers may far exceed the product itself, thus making Consumers develop a positive brand attitude.According to the definition above,
The following slogans are not emotional ads:
A.A slogan for a brand beverage: "a`Coke, the Chinese own Coke!"
B.The slogan of a brand of beer entering the Southeast Asian market: "Okay, hometown water."
C.A brand diaper slogan: "Baby is in a good mood every day, and mother must be more beautiful."
D.A brand body lotion slogan: "For the skin to be soft and smooth, please use ``lotion."

b
Rational expectation refers to the expectation of an economic phenomenon, if people are rational, they will maximize
According to the definition above, Which of the following are rational expectations:
A.As soon as the branch of the provincial hospital was put into use, Xiao Chen opened a fruit store nearby.
B.Lao Qin learns that a certain policy is about to be implemented and conducts stock operations based on long-term stock experience
C.Rumors say that a key middle school branch will be built in Chengnan, and old Liu immediately bought a house nearby
D.Zhang learned that his college entrance examination score ranked 20th in the province, and he decided to apply for Tsinghua University first.

d
The two-dimensional code uses a certain geometric figure to record data symbol information in a black and white pattern distributed on a plane according to a certain rule.In the code preparation, the concept of "0" and "1" bit streams is used, and a number corresponding to binary is used.The geometric shape of the text is used to represent the numerical value of the text, and it is automatically read by the image input device or the photoelectric scanning device to realize the automatic processing of the information.The number of bits that a two-dimensional code can represent is fixed.The more information it contains, the more redundant it is.The smaller the margin: conversely, the greater the redundancy.
According to the above definition, which of the following options does not meet the meaning of the QR code:
A.A certain geometric figure is distributed according to a certain rule to form a corresponding QR code.
B.The basic principle of the image code in the two-dimensional code uses the internal logical basis of the computer
C.Convert text value information into binary geometry, which can be read by equipment
D.The amount of information contained in the two-dimensional code is large, which means that the redundancy needs to be minimized when encoding

d
General relativity is a theory of gravitation established by Einstein in geometric language.He rephrased gravity as a space-time bent by matter and energy in space-time to replace the traditional view that gravity is a force, and this space-time curvature It is directly related to the energy and momentum of matter and radiation in space and time.
According to the above definition, the phenomena in the following options that do not involve general relativity are:
A.Scientists observed when observing a total solar eclipse, and the light produced a deflection when it passed near the sun.
B.Scientists have found that the clock moves slower in a strong gravitational field, so the light emitted from the surface of a massive star to the earth will move towards the red end of the spectrum
C.Scientists found that when a star is dense enough, its gravitational force distorts areas in space and time so that light cannot escape, thus finding the existence of black holes
D.Magellan found that when sailing towards a distance, the sail gradually sinks, and finally disappears into the line of sight, while the sea level appears to be curved, and the water in the distance seems to be lower than the water level in the vicinity.

c
Green design refers to the environmental attributes of the product, such as disassembly, recyclability, maintainability, reusability, etc., during the entire product cycle, as a design goal, while meeting environmental protection conditions To ensure that the quality of the product reaches the optimal state.
Based on the above definition, the following options are in line with the green design philosophy:
A.Dubai Sun Village smartly puts solar collectors to maximize daylight hours
B.A Dutch chemical company regards health and environmental protection as its important values
C.Brazil's popular use of green plants instead of brick, stone, reinforced concrete masonry walls
D.A school designed the teachers' background to be light green to protect children's eyes

b
Incorporate activities, there are many types of inventory.Shipping inventory refers to the products in the warehouse of the factory at the end of the value chain, which are ready to be shipped at any time.In-transit inventory, also called transit inventory, means that it has not yet reached its destination and is currently in In-transit or waiting-to-transit status while stockpiled in a vehicle.
Based on the above definitions, the following options are in-transit inventory:
A.Xiao Zhang bought himself a sweater online, and two days after placing the order, he found that the sweater had arrived at a transit station
B.A large truck in a high-speed service area is full of various towels purchased by A.supermarket from B.
C.A truck of a leather shoe factory is full of cowhide used by the factory to make new leather shoes
D.A company store toys for sale in Chengbei stores in its own warehouse in Chengnan

b
Stimulation generalization refers to the formation of conditional organisms that have learned to respond specifically to a certain stimulus, so they can also respond to similar stimuli in the same way.Stimulation differentiation is to make the organism through selective strengthening and regression.Learn to react differently to conditioned stimuli and stimuli similar to conditioned stimuli.
Based on the above definition, the following statements are incorrect:
A."Once bitten by a snake, ten years of fear of good ropes" is a generalization of stimulus
B."Looking into the ridge side to the peak, different in height and distance" belong to stimulus differentiation
C.In order to highlight the brand, the manufacturer uniquely designs the packaging to try to make customers differentiate.
D.After a brand of toothpaste becomes a famous brand, the manufacturer also names the cosmetics it produces under the same brand, using the generalization of customer stimulation

d
The magnitude of an earthquake is a measure of the magnitude of the earthquake given by the instrument.It is a grade that divides the magnitude of the energy emitted by the source.And the intensity of the impact of the engineering building is determined by the feeling of people during the earthquake or the degree of reaction of the utensils after the earthquake, the degree of damage to the engineering building, and the change of the ground surface in the absence of instruments Macro scale.
Based on the above definition, Which of the following statements is true:
A.The greater the magnitude of the earthquake, the stronger the corresponding intensity of the earthquake
B.An earthquake has only one magnitude and one intensity
C.The closer to the source, the larger the magnitude and the stronger the intensity
D.The more severe the surface damage, the stronger the earthquake intensity

c
Water tourism is a short-term experience with social, leisure, and consumer attributes when people travel to the water and surrounding areas to seek pleasure.It has gradually become an important carrier for people's leisure fashion and regional tourism development.Water tourism resources refer to waters (Water body) and associated shores, islands, forests, grasses, buildings and other natural and human landscapes that are attractive to people.
According to the above definition, the following options are not part of the water body tourism resources:
A.Wuyi Mountain's "Jiuquxi" can be seen on both sides
B.On the street on the bank of Qinhuai River, there is a "Gangnan Gongyuan" built in the Ming Dynasty.
C.A forest park has a "release pond" stocking thousands of koi
D.A building stands on the bank of the Yangtze River, becoming a background for tourists to take pictures

c
The researchers found algorithmic errors in the commonly used software for functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI).They collected the results of 499 healthy people when they were at rest and found that their statistical methods needed to use real cases.This means that software can sometimes go astray and show activity even when the brain is at rest-the activity shown by the software is a product of software algorithms, not the brain being studied is really active.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Research conclusions can be obtained by fMRI and compiled by related programs
B.fMRI can capture changes in blood flow in the brain, but cannot effectively show whether the brain is active
C.The false positive rate of fMRI software currently used to diagnose brain function reaches 70% or more
D.Only 30% of the results obtained with fMRI-specific software will be verified and further confirmed

c
Our body's circadian clock system is affected by many factors, one of which is light.Studies have shown that light can effectively deceive the brain into "day mode", even if the eyes were closed at the time.The researchers found that it can be used Light therapy to help us adjust jet lag, including continuous light and flashes at different intervals, and flashes that last only 2 milliseconds every 10 seconds are most effective.Studies have also found that people who have experienced "flash processing" during sleep have trouble sleeping.The cycle will be delayed by two hours.
Which of the following, if true, best supports this view?
A.The darkness between each flash helps to restart the eyes, thus restoring the eyes' sensitivity to light
B.Most people who experience "flash processing" during sleep are not affected by the flash
C.Go to the city two hours early in the time zone, and people who have received light therapy two hours before sunrise on the departure day will not feel jet lag
D.It takes a long time to adjust the time difference by yourself, and the average time difference can only pass one hour every day.

d
A.B, and C chose to engage in different occupations after graduation: teachers, lawyers, engineers.Other students made the following guesses: Xiao Li: A is an engineer, B is a teacher.Xiao Wang: A is a teacher, C It is an engineer.Xiao Fang: A is a lawyer and B is an engineer.It was later confirmed that Xiao Li, Xiao Wang, and Xiao Fang all guessed only half right.
So, what occupations are A.B, and C engaged in?
A.A is a teacher, B is a lawyer, and C is an engineer
B.A is an engineer, B is a lawyer, and C is a teacher
C.A is a lawyer, B is an engineer, and C is a teacher
D.A is a lawyer, B is a teacher, and C is an engineer

d
Place phobia is mainly manifested in the fear of certain specific environments, such as high places, squares, objective environments, and crowded public places.It often starts with a spontaneous panic attack, and then produces expected anxiety and avoidance behaviors, and then conditionalized Some clinical studies have shown that panic attacks are often associated with panic attacks.However, some experts believe that the first panic attack is a necessary condition for the onset of panic phobias.Therefore, they believe that panic phobias are the consequence of the development of panic attacks.Panic disorder.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the above-mentioned expert opinion?
A.The course of place phobia often fluctuates, and many patients may improve or even ease in the short term.
B.Place phobia may be genetically related and linked to panic disorder
C.Research finds that onset phobia is more than 40 years old, and its course tends to be chronic
D.Study finds that approximately 23% of patients have a place fear before a panic attack

a
A research team sent two batches of testers to sleep in the sleep laboratory overnight.The first batch was scheduled to sleep late, thereby reducing the total sleep time; the second batch was scheduled to sleep early, but more often during sleep.Was awakened twice.After the second night, the results were already apparent: the positive emotions of the second batch of testers were severely affected.Their energy level was lower, and the positive emotion indexes such as compassion and friendliness declined, and some researchers Based on this, it is believed that being awakened caused the tester not to get enough slow wave sleep, and slow wave sleep is the key to restoring energy, but some researchers have questioned the credibility of this study.
Which of the following, if true, is the most capable of refuting the questioner?
A.The decline in the positive sentiment index of the first batch of testers is not obvious
B.Most of the second batch of testers have long been emotionally inactive
C.The health status and psychological quality of the two batches of testers were already very close
D.Two groups of testers had uneven energy levels before participating in the sleep experiment

a
East Asians seem more modest, but psychological research shows that they are just as proud and confident as they are from other cultures.A research team recruited 40 volunteers to participate in the research, half of which were from East Asian countries.They came from western countries.They showed a lot of positive and negative words to these volunteers and asked them which adjectives are suitable for them.As a result, no matter what the cultural background of the volunteers, they tend to use more positive adjectives.To describe yourself, I believe that some of the more negative characteristics are not suitable for myself.Researchers believe that this shows that people who participate in the test have the same motivation to beautify themselves regardless of their cultural background.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the argument:
A.East Asians are used to negatively evaluating themselves, while Westerners often overstate their abilities
B.When volunteers are asked to describe themselves in positive words, their responses are the same
C.East Asians are only a cultural convention, they have the same self-esteem as Westerners
D.Research finds that volunteers have similar brain waves regardless of their cultural background

c
If the central bank allows the renminbi to continue to depreciate, the market's expectations for the devaluation of the renminbi will be easily strengthened.If the market forms a strong renminbi depreciation expectation, a large number of funds will flow out of China.The outflow of funds from China will not only strengthen this renminbi depreciation expectation As a result, but more funds will also flow out of China, and it may lead to the overall decline in China's asset prices, which may then trigger regional and systemic risks in the financial market.These are situations that we are not willing to see and are not allowed to occur.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Continued currency depreciation will lead to a complete decline in assets
B.Expectations of currency depreciation due to severe capital loss
C.The central bank will not allow the yuan to continue to depreciate
D.China will focus on intervention in the outflow of funds

b
China's shale gas exploration in the southwest has achieved significant results, with estimated natural gas resources reaching 100 billion cubic meters, which is the first time that China has achieved a major breakthrough in shale gas exploration in a complex structural area outside the Sichuan Basin.Some experts say The site is expected to become a new industrial gas field, which can meet the gas needs of the millions of residents and the development of industry and agriculture, and promote economic development.
The assumption of this expert opinion is that:
A.The complex geological structure in the south is conducive to natural gas generation
B.Any natural gas that is explored can be successfully extracted
C.China's current natural gas production cannot meet actual demand
D.Natural gas as clean energy is an important driving force for economic development

c
The claim that the moon's tidal force has a clear correlation with natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, and volcanic eruptions on the earth is suspicious, because there are many natural disasters every year, and the "super moon" is only once every 14 months, even if the moon passes through the perigee.It is also only once a month.Some scholars will find out some disasters not far away from the appearance of the "super moon" to demonstrate.This obviously lacks evidence to support and ignores a lot of cases, such as the disasters that happened before and after the moon at a distance.Based on a large number of studies on the relationship between earthquakes and the moon, there is no statistical correlation between the frequency of earthquakes and the passage of the moon through the perigee.Therefore, there is clearly a lack of reliable evidence that the tidal force of the moon will cause earthquakes.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Correlation between the moon's tidal force and earthquakes before and after the apogee
B.The causal relationship between the moon's tidal force and earthquakes that occur on the moon
C.The relationship between lunar tidal forces and earthquakes needs to be comprehensively analyzed in time and space
D.There are many factors for the earthquake trigger mechanism, but the effect of the moon's tidal force is more obvious

d
The pigments are mainly phenols such as anthocyanins, and their colors constitute the color of the wine, and bring their own aroma and delicate taste to the wine.The color in the aged wine mainly comes from tannins.In addition to the contribution of the color of the wine, it also acts on the mouth to produce bitterness, which promotes people's appetite.The tannin content is too high, the bitterness is heavy, and the wine is rough.Tannin also masks the acidity, so red wines are significantly less acidic than white wines because they are rich in tannins.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Aged Portuguese wine promotes appetite and its color comes from tannins
B.Bitter and heavy wines must contain too much tannin
C.Weak and thin wines must have too low tannin content
D.Tannin can affect the color of wine and taste and appetite of drinkers

b
In today's social and cultural practice, we must pay more attention to whether the current traditional cultural fever really touches the humanistic spiritual essence of traditional culture and whether it really enhances people's spiritual realm.Generally speaking, the form of culture should be consciously the content of culture If service ignores the content of culture, especially the pursuit of the humanistic spirit that runs through it, it will inevitably go astray and deviate from our original intention of promoting traditional culture.Culture is alive and cannot be simply solidified.It is important not to focus only on form but ignore its heritage.
Given this, we must:
A.Changing symbolic practices that place too much emphasis on traditional culture
B.Pay attention to correcting the formal tendency in the promotion of traditional culture
C.Highlight the instrumental value of traditional culture with a practical mindset
D.Promote traditional culture with the help of modern electronic technology

d
Organizational identity refers to the fact that members of an organization are consistent with the organizations they join in terms of behavior or ideas, and feel that they have both a sense of rational contract and responsibility in the organization, as well as an irrational sense of belonging and dependence, as well as the psychological basis Behavioral results of dedication to organizational activities.
According to the definition above, the following options are not recognized by the organization:
A."We must strictly demand ourselves by the standards of Communists"
B."When the company faces difficulties, we must not give up"
C."I want to consciously maintain the good image of the company at all times"
D."I'm proud of my alma mater today, and proud of my alma mater tomorrow"

d
The process of will activity will reflect the following two laws.Among them, the law of willpower marginal effect means that the strength of will will decrease with the increase in the scale of its own activity; the law of willpower time decay will mean that the strength of will will follow its own behavior.The increase in duration shows a negative exponential decline.
Based on the above definition, which of the following options best embody the law of time decay of willpower:
A.Forget it, rotten wood is not broken
B.For the mountain Jiuyao
C.Poor and strong, not falling behind
D.Be upset, then go down, and go down

c
Elements refer to more than a hundred basic metal and non-metallic substances in nature, which are composed of one atom.Each nucleus in its atom has the same number of protons, which cannot be decomposed by ordinary chemical methods, and can constitute everything Atoms are basic particles that are inseparable in chemical reactions.Atoms are indivisible in chemical reactions, but are divided into physical states.They are composed of atomic nuclei and electrons moving around them.Molecule is composed of atoms and is a kind of material The name of the elementary particle is a particle that exists alone and keeps chemical properties to a minimum.
Based on the above definition, the following options are correct:
A.Atoms are the smallest particles that make up matter
B.Air is made up of various tiny atoms
C.Atoms with different numbers of protons are not the same type of element
D.Carbon monoxide molecule (C.O) consists of one element of oxygen and one element of carbon

c
Brain-like computing technology is generally divided into three levels: the structural level mimics the brain, the device level approaches the brain, and the intelligence level surpasses the brain.Among them, the structural level mimicking the brain refers to analyzing the brain as a physical and physiological object to obtain the basic unit (each Neurons and synapses, etc.) and their connection relationships (network structure); device-level approximation to the brain refers to the development of devices that can simulate the functions of neurons and synapses, thereby limiting the physical space and power consumption Construct a human brain-scale neural network system; intelligence level beyond the brain refers to the information-like stimulation, training, and learning of brain-like computers to make them produce intelligence similar to that of the human brain.
According to the above definitions, the following belong to the level of intelligence beyond the brain:
A.Draw accurate maps of the human brain to analyze and detect the brain
B.Adjust the synaptic connection relationship, connection frequency and strength of the neural network
C.Development of electronic equipment with a functional density equivalent to that of the human cerebral cortex
D.Non-linear dynamics of capturing minute single neuron discharges

b
Consumption lag refers to the average consumption level that personal consumption lags behind the country's economic development and personal household income.Consumption lead refers to the current level of income that is not enough to purchase the products or services currently required, and loans, installments, advances, etc.Consumption.
According to the above definitions, the following are ahead of consumption:
A.Staff Xiaowang ordered train tickets online by credit card payment
B.College student Xiao Li bought a well-known brand computer through a lending platform
C.Retired worker Lao Zhang has commercial houses and cars, but insists on using only old-style candy bar phones
D.Young teacher Xiao Liu has a 100,000 yuan time deposit that has not expired and borrowed 80,000 yuan from a colleague to buy a car

b
Like motion means that under certain time and space conditions, people see motion between stationary objects, or where there is no continuous displacement, they see continuous displacement.
Based on the above definition, the following options are not motion-like phenomena:
A.Green hills on both sides of the strait
B.Sitting on the ground for 80,000 miles
C.Ueumae-gun, Gunpo, the sky moves
D.The bright moon is passionate, walk everywhere

c
Projective identification refers to a person's behavioral model that induces others to respond in a predetermined way, which is reflected in interpersonal relationships.Party A often projects the "good" or "bad" object in his heart to Party B."Good" or "Bad", and Party B accepted this projected fantasy, so he treated Party A in the way envisioned by Party A.and then Party A further verified his hypothesis and thought that Party B was what he thought People.
According to the above definition, the following options are projective identification:
A.You can also come out of Takako
B.Yan Shifang can be a master
C.Father Tiger really has no dogs
D.Loving mother has been defeated since ancient times

d
Caring for obsessive-compulsive disorder refers to a person who particularly needs others to rely on themselves, and always loves to provide others with the care that others don't need.Moreover, such people also force others to accept their own care, so that others cannot be independent.He will feel contented and feel valuable.This symptom will suppress people's nerves, and at the same time bring a lot of inconvenience to relatives, friends and even colleagues.
According to the above definitions, the following are caring for obsessive-compulsive disorder:
A.Zhang said: "I will go crazy without seeing my son one day"
B.Li Moulian coaxed her daughter into taking cold medicine
C.Liu lived in his own home from elementary school to college
D.Wang rented an apartment near the university where his daughter attended

c
The opposite theory of the investment market means that the investment market itself does not create new value, does not add value, and can even be said to be impaired.If an investor is the same as most investors when investing, he must not be the one who makes the most profit, because It is impossible for the majority to profit; to obtain the maximum benefit, it must be inconsistent with the actions of the majority.
Based on the above definitions, the following options do not fit the opposite theory of the investment market:
A."As long as you disagree with most investors, the opportunity to get rich will always exist"
B."When the market is full of investors, we leave the market again"
C."It has fallen so much, it's the end"
D."People abandon me and others fear me for greed"

a
Hydrological rhythm refers to the periodicity of the lake's water regime with changes in rhythm.The generalized hydrological rhythm includes day and night, monthly transport, seasonal and interannual rhythms.Under normal circumstances, the average water level of the lake for many years is stable due to factors such as the basin climate and underlying surface.The value tends to be stable, that is, the normal average annual water level of the lake.Therefore, the interannual rhythm of the lake is characterized by the mutation-driven by disturbance factors and the stability of the stage after adaptation to disturbance, and there is no gradual trend.Hydrological rhythm refers specifically to the monthly rhythm and seasonal rhythm.
Based on the above definitions, the following are related to narrow hydrological rhythms:
A.Poyang Lake is affected by the continuous decrease of rainfall and the decrease of incoming water, and the water surface area continues to shrink.
B.The historical average annual water temperature of Hongze Lake is 16.3 㠃.The highest water temperature is in September and the lowest water temperature is in January
C.The annual rainfall of Dongting Lake was 1,560 mm, of which about half of the precipitation was from April to June.
D.The annual average temperature of the Chaohu Basin is stable between 15 and 16 㠃.There is a frost-free period of more than 200 days

d
For a long time, psychologists have supported the "mathematical talent theory"; mathematical ability is the ability that humans have from birth, even animals have this ability.They believe that there is a natural mathematical kernel that develops slowly through the self.This kind of mathematical kernel will eventually "grow" into all the mathematical abilities we are familiar with.Recently, some opponents have put forward different views; mathematical abilities have no talent and can only be the product of culture.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the opponent's view:
A.Babies from 10 to 12 months already know that 3 black dots are different from 4 black dots
B.Mathematics is the product of the brain, and the growth pattern of the brain has long been "preset" by genes
C.Artificially trained gorillas, dolphins and elephants can handle mathematical problems
D.The majority of the residents of the primitive tribe can only represent a number below 5 or even less

a
The study found that the 20- to 39-year-old group is more enthusiastic about using sports applications in smartphones, the main reason is that most of this group has already participated in work, and sub-health is more common in this group, so more and more White-collar workers and young people pay more attention to physical health; at the same time, the obesity rate of young people is relatively high, and young people's pursuit of beauty is far more than middle-aged and elderly people, so they care more about sports; in addition, the user group at this age is more familiar Operation of the smartphone.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above findings?
A.Many young people are addicted to games in their smartphones
B.Many young people work overtime for long periods of time
C.Young people's lack of exercise can easily lead to sub-health problems
D.Contemporary young people are too rich in nutrition and overweight

b
The investment of most parents has a significant positive predictive effect on their children's academic investment.The level of parental investment decreases with the increase in their children's school grades.At the same time, most parents pay more attention to home counseling and lack of investment in their children's participation in community and school activities.The parenting style, which is supported or controlled by parents, plays a moderating role in the relationship between parents' investment and their children's academic investment, and partly through the mediating variable of meeting the children's academic psychological needs.
What can be inferred from this:
A.Parents' investment and parenting style will inevitably affect their children's academic investment
B.The decrease in the investment of most parents in their children's education means an increase in their children's schooling
C.The creation and formation of a learning environment at home is inversely related to the connection between schools and communities
D.The satisfaction of children's academic psychological needs is the driving force and primary factor affecting their academic investment

d
A fast, sustainable, and unpredictable competitive environment requires small businesses and simplified structures, while also having sufficient technical reserves and the ability to resist capital risks.At present, the way to resolve this contradiction is usually to establish a "win-win principle" on a global scale.Virtual enterprises are a kind of dynamic alliance between enterprises.Each member enterprise participating in a virtual enterprise has a certain degree of autonomy.When a market opportunity arises, the participating enterprises will organize together to jointly develop, produce and sell new products.When the product is found to be unprofitable, it is automatically disbanded.Therefore, the virtual enterprise is considered to be the most competitive business model in the 21st century.
Which of the following, if true, best supports this view?
A.Modern information technology and communication methods developed in today's society have facilitated communication between enterprises.
B.Enterprises want to survive, develop and expand their advantages in the current competitive environment, and need a new operating model
C.Any problem in the production of any affiliated company in the virtual enterprise will interrupt the operation of the entire production chain
D.Virtual enterprises can quickly focus on the strongest design processing and sales forces to achieve rapid response to the market

d
Before the large-scale medical use of antibiotics, the drug resistance effect was almost meaningless to bacteria, and the harmful effect of mutation itself was more important.Normal use of antibiotics can kill almost all target bacteria, and individual fish that miss the net are usually eliminated by the human immune system.Although some of these bacterial individuals already have drug-resistant buds, these buds are not enough to withstand normal doses of antibiotics and will disappear when the individual dies.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Gene mutation is the root cause of the spread of drug-resistant bacteria
B.Bacteria use genetic mutations to weaken the effects of antibiotics
C.Antibiotics will not be able to attack the germs after they become resistant
D.Drug resistance will not spread quickly without antibiotic abuse

c
The latest report from an international paleontology research team stated that the South Turtles that lived in South Africa 280 million years ago were the ancestors of modern turtles, and they survived the mass extinction of the Permian to Triassic species.In order to avoid the harsh natural environment, they worked hard to dig downwards.At the same time, to ensure that the forelimbs' digging action was strong enough, the body needed stable support, which led to the continuous widening of the ribs.It can be seen that the turtle's shell is adapted to the performance of the environment is not just for protection, but for burrowing underground.
Which of the following should be added as a prerequisite for the conclusion of the above conclusion?
A.Modern tortoises have inherited some of the habits of Zhengnan turtles who are good at burrowing.
B.Only burrows can survive mass extinction
C.The turtle's shell evolved after the turtle's ribs gradually widened
D.Zhengnan turtle's forelegs are strong enough and do not require turtle shell protection

b
Self-control is not only about self-control, but also the ability to eliminate the interference of irrelevant stimuli and persist in completing related tasks (even tasks that you don't like).Self-control is stable and will be consumed.Psychologists divide the experimental subjects into two groups and let them solve the same problem in the same field.One group can only eat radish while the other group can also eat biscuits.As a result, the group that only eat radish insists on time It is shorter because they consume self-control while resisting the temptation of cookies.They conclude that people's self-control is limited, and excessive use will lead to reduced self-control.
Which of the following should be added as a prerequisite for the conclusion of the above conclusion?
A.Subjects have different interests in solving problems
B.Biscuits and radishes have different temptations to test subjects
C.Biscuits and radishes have different effects on human energy
D.The anti-interference ability of the two groups of subjects is not exactly the same

d
Nowadays, new Internet-based science popularization methods have emerged endlessly.Shallow reading, live video streaming, and game interaction methods have made more and more channels for acquiring scientific knowledge, and the threshold is getting lower and lower.Researchers believe that although "Internet + science popularization "The method of acquiring and disseminating scientific knowledge has changed a lot, but this is not a subversion of the popularization of science, but it shows the improvement of citizen scientific literacy.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the researcher's point of view?
A.News media, Weibo and other information media are the most important channels for users to understand scientific hot events
B.It is difficult for the public to see authoritative scientists during the spread of many scientific hot events
C.Data show that users are generally happy to acquire knowledge through such easy and pleasant forms of graphic information
D.Compared with celebrity gossip, reposting popular science content on social media can give the reposter more points.

c
Traditional craftsmanship has never been a completely romantic existence.It is not built on the air tower, but survives on an economic chain that is spread from production to consumption, thus forming a craftsmanship professional group and a set of industry systems.The consumer market's handicrafts are undoubtedly difficult to survive.Therefore, in contemporary society, the attention and promotion of opponents' craftsmanship should still pay attention to digging the soil of their survival, explore the way of expansion, and cannot be immersed in the imagination and obsession with the overly idealized folk culture In.
What does this paragraph focus on the explanation?
A.Contemporary development of traditional crafts
B.Historical origins of traditional crafts
C.Strategies for revitalizing traditional crafts
D.Misunderstanding of developing traditional crafts

a
The murals of Dunhuang, today, regarding its artistic category, the contention of the group of authors has long been submerged in its great achievements as a custom record.It has a long-lasting emotional resonance, it evokes a broad cultural identity, it guides people A deep understanding of the spiritual beliefs and secular life of the ancestors, spanning the long river of history vigorously, so vividly and powerfully, acts on the hearts of the viewers in a way of memory.
What does this text emphasize?
A.Great achievements of Dunhuang frescoes
B.Cultural spirit of Dunhuang frescoes
C.People's recognition of the value of Dunhuang frescoes
D.People's emotional resonance for Dunhuang frescoes

b
AI has been used in medical services for a long time.The performance of machine doctors looks amazing, but in the eyes of AI experts, these medical applications belong to the field of image recognition in computer vision, and image recognition technology supported by big data, The performance of the machine has surpassed humans in many aspects, and it is normal to show its strength in the field of medical imaging.
What does this text mean?
A.A.I progress in the field of medical image recognition
B.A.I has matured for medical image recognition
C.A.I has surpassed humans in medical performance
D.A.I will definitely enter the field of medical services

c
In recent years, the speed of RMB internationalization has parted from the previous soaring progress, which is largely due to the end of the RMB appreciation cycle and the end of overseas speculators' enthusiasm for holding RMB in the short term.It has increasingly played a substantial role in the international monetary system, but its recognition as an international currency has steadily increased.More and more official and private institutions have begun to take the international currency function of the RMB seriously and consider holding the RMB for a long time.Holding RMB is no longer just a means of short-term investment.For example, in June 2016, the European Central Bank issued a statement saying that the bank had completed an investment of RMB 500 million in foreign exchange reserves.
Is the following statement inconsistent?
A.RMB internationalization has entered a new and more stable stage
B.End of RMB appreciation cycle curbs short-term speculation
C.Slower RMB internationalization speeds up market recognition
D.European Central Bank begins to recognize RMB's international currency status

c
The ancient village of Huizhou is different from ordinary villages.It has developed into a higher form in terms of site selection layout, human settlements, the culture of cultivation, clan inheritance, and Confucian businessmen's spirit.Ancient villages, like traveling through a long time and space, not only feel the natural scenery like pale ink and wash, but also experience the wisdom of the ancients from the rural history and culture.
According to the meaning of the text, the ancient villages of Huizhou differ from ordinary villages mainly in that?
A.Architectural aesthetics
B.History
C.Cultural forms
D.Living Wisdom

b
Insufficient legal aid makes it difficult to improve the legislation and judicial aspects of criminal human rights to benefit all or even most of the suspects and defendants, and then a dual imbalance occurs.Because lawyers can use legal knowledge and litigation experience And other resource advantages to guide the development of case processing in a direction that is conducive to its clients.Its admissibility rate of defense opinions such as surrender and meritorious service is relatively high.Therefore, there are criminal suspects of defense lawyers, and the defendants are more suspected of crimes than defense lawyers People and defendants are more qualified and may enjoy the "institutional dividend" brought by the progress of the rule of law, and get more opportunities for leniency and even acquittal.
What does the author mean by this text?
A.Legal aid is difficult to reach most suspects and defendants
B.The lack of legal aid may affect the realization of the rights of suspects and defendants
C.The help of defense lawyers has given some suspects and defendants leniency
D.The resource advantages of legal aid lawyers should be brought into full play during the trial

d
Laser technology is a high-tech developed in the early 1960s.The laser has a strong emission ability, high energy concentration, billions of times brighter than ordinary light sources, and tens of billions of times brighter than the surface of the sun.If medium intensity The convergence of the laser beam can generate a high temperature of thousands to tens of thousands of degrees at the focus.In addition, the monochromaticity of the laser is very good.We know that different colors of light are determined by different wavelengths of light, and the wavelength of the laser is basically the same The spectral line width is very narrow and the color is very pure.Due to this characteristic, lasers are widely used in communication technology.
The following statement is inconsistent?
A.Laser technology has a history of more than half a century
B.The laser wavelength is basically the same and the monochromaticity is good
C.Laser technology has broad scientific and technological applications
D.Laser technology has the potential to upend traditional optical theory

d
The lack of financial support for the development of rural tourism needs to be solved urgently.Rural tourism scenic spots are multi-directional open areas and belong to public space.To improve the development environment, the government is incumbent on it.By integrating fiscal funds, it is possible to promote the upgrading of scenic spots and encourage local governments to adopt Increase financial support in the form of awards in lieu of compensation, and build first and then supplement; by leveraging financial funds, a docking platform between banks and the government can be set up to solve the loan problems of business entities and increase credit for rural tourism; also Through PPP, crowdfunding and other new financing models to encourage social capital to enter.Let rural tourism be invested, built well, and managed well.
What does this text highlight?
A.The lack of funds seriously affects the development of rural tourism
B.Construction and management of rural tourism require funding
C.Give full play to the advantages of different funding channels
D.The development of rural tourism urgently needs to promote multi-channel investment and financing

b
Every city has an "optimal scale", which depends on the mutual comparison of the positive and negative effects of city size.In reality, the positive utility is mainly the agglomeration utility of the urban economy, and the negative utility includes traffic congestion and environmental pollution.High housing prices, inadequate infrastructure, etc.While economic agglomeration will increase labor productivity, it will also increase urban land and housing prices.At this time, the production costs of enterprises and the cost of living of residents will rise.Crowded cities, Pollution and crime issues can also offset the benefits of urban expansion.Businesses and residents will only stay in a city if the positive effects of a city outweigh its cost of production or living.
What does the following statement inconsistent with the text?
A.The "optimal size" of a city depends on the balance of positive and negative effects
B.The negative effect of a big city is often greater than its positive effect
C.Issues such as congestion, pollution and crime can affect urban expansion
D.Economic agglomeration utility is an important factor in determining city size

c
Part of the work of quantitative historical research is to find a suitable quantity to reflect the past.For example, height data can just take on such a role in historical research, especially economic history research.There are many factors that affect height at the individual level.At the social level The average height is closely related to the standard of living in an individual's adolescence.Height will be shaped at a certain age and will not change much until old age.Height is equivalent to "freezing" past socioeconomic conditions, although there is no Amber is so accurate at anchoring bugs, it is precious.
What does the author mainly want to explain through this text?
A.How does socioeconomic status affect human height?
B.Economic history research can refer to human physical data
C.How to select appropriate parameters for quantitative historical research
D.Height data frozen socio-economic conditions

c
Salt weathering refers to the physical weathering of the decomposition or shedding of particles on the surface of rock outcrops caused by the expansion of salt crystals in the pores of rocks.Its geomorphology shows the formation of weathering cavities of different sizes.The phenomenon of salt weathering is more obvious in arid regions and seashores in the inland, which is a common physical weathering effect on the land.Geomorphology plays an important role in shaping the process, however, it has been ignored and misunderstood by the geoscience community, and is interpreted as the result of other effects such as wind erosion or water erosion.
What is most likely to be discussed after this text?
A.The harm caused by salt weathering
B.Relevant characteristics of the geographical distribution of salt weathering
C.How the salt weathering phenomenon was overlooked and misunderstood
D.The causes and processes of salt weathering

d
In general, we are used to thinking that exercise is the key factor or even the most important factor in weight loss.However, some experts point out that although exercise is very good for health, it actually does not help much in weight loss.In fact, the status of opening a leg and holding a mouth is not equal, and holding a mouth is actually more important than opening a leg.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of these experts?
A.Of the total calories consumed by individuals, only a very small part of the calories consumed by exercise
B.In general, we always move more and eat more, move less and eat less
C.Many people will slow down due to fatigue after exercise and reduce calorie expenditure
D.Just eating a small piece of pizza can produce the equivalent of an hour of exercise

a
Da Li knows Mr.Zhang's friend Xiao Wang, and Xiao Wang knows Da Li's friend Ms.Lin.Anyone who knows Xiao Wang has a master's degree in public administration, and anyone who knows Ms.Lin is from Jiangsu.
Based on the above information, it can be concluded that Jiangsu people with a master's degree in public management are?
A.Da Li
B.Xiao Wang
C.Mr.Zhang
D.Ms.Lin

d
In order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and effectively respond to global warming, some experts have suggested that tree-burning power generation should be used as a strategy to reduce carbon dioxide emissions.They believe that trees are more "carbon neutral" than coal and natural gas.The carbon dioxide produced will be absorbed by trees that have grown again in situ.
Which of the following, if true, would most question the opinions of the aforementioned experts?
A.Plant trees in time after cutting the trees, and the new trees will once again absorb carbon in the air, forming a stable carbon cycle
B.Once the policy recommendations for tree-burning power generation are implemented, they may lead to deforestation and aggravate the global environmental and ecological crisis
C.The calculation of the carbon cycle is more complicated.The carbon released by cutting trees and burning trees may not be equal to the carbon reabsorbed by planting trees.
D.The carbon emitted by cutting trees and burning trees will not be fully absorbed until the newly planted trees grow up, and there is a time lag.

d
Dogs are not too poor, and sons are not too ugly.People who love their hometown do nt say bad things about their hometown, Zhang San never says bad things about their hometown.It can be seen how much he loves his hometown!
Which of the following reasoning methods is most similar to the above?
A.If the light is not on or off, if you haven't heard the words of Director Zhang, I am still struggling to sign up for the industry competition.Now everything is clear.It seems that Director Zhang's words are too important It's up!
B.Don't enter the tiger's hole, win a tiger? A huge success is often accompanied by a huge risk.Li Si invested in the stock and obtained a high return.It can be seen how much risk he has taken!
C.Jade is incomprehensible and people lag behind when they do nt learn.People who pursue progress do nt love learning.Professor Wang has been doing nothing and does nt love learning after retirement.It can be seen that Professor Wang is no longer a person pursuing progress!
D.People cannot look, and seawater cannot be measured.A talented person will not show his talents, and Mr.Li has never shown his talents.It can be seen how talented he is!

b
I know I have to go to bed early, but I ca nt help staying up late.I know that smoking and alcohol are harmful to my health, but I ca nt stop the temptation of tobacco and alcohol.I know that sports are good, but I m too lazy to walk ...There is no lack of common sense of health, they are more of a lack of self-discipline.People who are self-disciplined will go to bed early, will not eat, and insist on exercise.If a person adheres to the self-discipline, he will not indulge himself and can maintain his own circadian rhythm And lead a healthy and happy life.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.All people who exercise are disciplined
B.Some people who lack self-discipline do not lack common sense of health
C.If one does not adhere to the spirit of self-discipline, he will indulge himself
D.People who maintain their own circadian rhythm can lead healthy and happy lives

b
With the implementation of the "two-child policy", breastfeeding has increasingly become an unavoidable topic for the majority of young women during childbirth.Medical experts recommend that it is best to breastfeed exclusively in the first 6 months after birth.And parents also want to provide the best nutrition for their children.However, statistics show that in recent years, the exclusive breastfeeding rate of infants from 0 to 6 months in China has been significantly lower.The exclusive breastfeeding rate of infants within 6 months in rural areas is 30%, and only 16% in cities.
If the following items are true, which other items can explain the above statistical results?
A.Women in the workplace often suffer from breastfeeding embarrassment due to high work pressure and inadmissible working environment.
B.Breastfeeding can reduce the prevalence of children, and the benefits to children's health can continue into adulthood
C.Many mothers do not understand the advantages of breastfeeding, but instead imagine that formula is too beautiful
D.Mothers affect sleep quality due to breastfeeding at night, their work and life rhythm is completely disrupted by breastfeeding

c
.Community home care: refers to the family as the core, community-based, to provide professional and social services to the elderly living at home, in order to solve various practical difficulties in daily life.
Which of the following belong to community home care?
A.Since living in the old-age care home last year, Uncle Wen has gained a total of 5 pounds.There is not only a good life there, but also more than 20 elderly people in the surrounding community as companions.He is even reluctant to go home during the Chinese New Year.
B.A community united with an elderly enterprise to launch a suitable aging transformation project: rationally adjust the living facilities of the bedroom, balcony, bathroom, kitchen, etc.of the home based on the physiological characteristics and living habits of the elderly.Last year alone, more than 600 families have completed the renovation work.
C.Mother-in-law Zhou who has retired for many years goes to a community care service center to learn folk dance with a professional teacher every morning, and then goes there as a volunteer in the afternoon, before returning home in the evening.The center will also send full-time staff to visit her regularly for medical examinations and other services.
D.An elderly community in the south provided an online booking source of housing and pick-up and drop-off service for "migration bird elderly" ready to spend the winter in this community through the "Internet + community + service" model, and arranged travel, entertainment, and social life throughout the process

b
.Out-of-court justice: Refers to bad behaviors that are not justified in their own interests.They are often justified and full of justice; but once they are involved in their own interests, even if they face the same bad behaviors, they often adopt completely different attitudes.
The following are the justices outside the courtyard?
A.Xiao Zhao is reading a book at home, and there is a fierce quarrel from outside the yard.He rushed out and saw that the couple next door turned out to be arguing.He hurried home and called and asked the neighborhood committee to send someone to mediate
B.Dean Zhang severely criticized the lateness of individual teachers at the college meeting, emphasizing the need to deal with it seriously.Some people mentioned that he was late last week, and he added that everything cannot be generalized.
C.Before Chen served as a department manager, he often complained like other employees that the company's management measures were too strict.Now he has gradually understood the good intentions of the management department
D.Xiao Li is a junior in a medical school.He often promotes the meaning and benefits of voluntary blood donation to his classmates and friends around, but he has never donated blood once.

b
Cultural anxiety: refers to the psychological state of confusion, anxiety, disappointment, and self-confidence caused by the squeeze of foreign cultures on traditional culture during globalization and modernization.
The following are not cultural anxieties?
A.In response to the invasion of Western culture, some parents suggest that the education department formulate relevant policies as soon as possible to allow traditional classics including the Four Books and Five Classics to enter primary and secondary school classrooms.
B.Squares, neighborhoods and parks containing foreign place names, such as "Roman Forum" and "California Town", can be found everywhere in cities, large and small.
C.Christmas, Valentine's Day, and Easter are becoming more and more popular, but many traditional festivals have been ignored by young people.Some scholars have called for measures to be taken to restrict foreign festivals as soon as possible.
D.Many historical and cultural heritage and human landscapes have disappeared with the transformation of the old city in full swing.More and more people of insight are deeply worried about this.

c
Co-pilot law: Refers to the person sitting next to the driver who often likes to point and comment on the driving process according to their own experience.It refers to the words, behavior or mentality of the onlookers who instruct others to complete the operation process based on their personal experience.
Which of the following is the co-pilot rule?
A.As soon as Lao Li got on the train, the coach turned on the driving training voice prompt system: "Please fasten your seat belt" and "Release the handbrake" ...Lao Li observed the coach's expression while operating
B.Xiao Zhang always likes to sit in the front row while chatting with the driver, and talks with the driver about the north and south.He also commented from time to time on the driving standards of other drivers on the road.
C.The most lively public square in summer is chess.Chess fans are standing around each table, and every move of the two players is pointed.
D.Manager Feng submitted the preliminary plan for personnel adjustment to the chairman for review.The chairman circled a few people after reviewing it, and gave him a few words, and asked him to take it back and revise it.

c
Active compensation: refers to the behavior of an enterprise to actively make financial compensation to consumers for its defective products or services.
Which of the following is active compensation?
A.Xiao Wang and a few colleagues found a dead fly in the dish when spending money in a hot pot restaurant, so they went to the boss to discuss the situation.After more than half an hour of negotiation, the boss finally agreed to waive the order and apologize.
B.The canteen of a university received complaints from students about the low quality of meals and high prices, and immediately rectified.Three days later, the quality of meals in the canteen has improved significantly, and prices have also dropped.
C.A company found that a newly launched mobile phone exploded while charging, and soon publicly promised to the society: users can replace the mobile phone battery for free within 30 days, and the company will bear the cost of postage and travel expenses.
D.Lao Zhang bought a motorcycle last week and it feels good to ride.Two days ago, the manufacturer suddenly notified him to bring the original invoice to the designated repair shop to replace the circuit controller, and gave him a 200 yuan gas card.

a
.Reverse talent flow: Refers to the phenomenon of professionals who originally worked in well-known big cities and chose to work in small and medium cities.
Which of the following is the counter flow of talent?
A.The county of Xiao Zhao's hometown has experienced rapid economic development in recent years.He is hiring professionals with a working background in a large city.After repeated consideration, Xiao Zhao resigned from a research department in Beijing and returned to his hometown to apply successfully.
B.Xiao Han, who has graduated from high school, has worked hard in Shenzhen for many years.I deeply feel that although there are many job opportunities and considerable annual income, but the pressure of competition is too great, sometimes it can not help.After the Spring Festival, he decided to stay in his hometown to start a business.
C.Xiao Huang obtained a master's degree in bridge design from a university in Tianjin and came to the small city where his girlfriend is located to find a good job.He and his girlfriend are very happy.
After D.80, white-collar Xiao Li served at the headquarters of a financial institution in Shanghai.A few days ago, she decided to change jobs to a nearby insurance company.

c
.Language intelligence: refers to the use of computer programs to achieve language communication between humans and machines, or to allow machines to complete language-related tasks autonomously.
Which of the following is language intelligence?
A.The artificial intelligence "Alpha Dog" defeated several world-class Go masters with an absolute advantage in the man-machine battle that lasted several months.
B.In order to expand the foreign market, a company's new product has set language switch buttons.With these buttons, users can switch between multilingual operating systems
C.In a poem competition, according to the keywords spoken by the judges, the robot "Xiao Wei" wrote several poems with beautiful words and fresh mood on the spot.
D.High-speed rail, trains, and subways are equipped with a bilingual Chinese-English voice system that can automatically broadcast station names along the way, current speed, and real-time temperature

b
Sinking crisis: Refers to the excessive worry that young people have when they face problems that should only occur in the next age group.
Which of the following is a crisis sinking?
A.Whenever I think of the retirement that will start two years later, there is an inexplicable loss and anxiety in Lao Zhang's heart
B.Xiao Li just admitted to Jiangcheng University and saw the house prices soaring in the surrounding area.He is worried that he cannot afford a house after graduation and cannot settle down.
C.Xiao Huang graduated four or five years and is still single.She is worried that she will find it hard to find the right person if she drags on.
D.Xiaoliang and his wife recently couldn't sleep because of their daughter's going to elementary school next year: the school district room of the famous school that they couldn't afford

a
.Vicious boycott: refers to the uncivilized, irrational, and boycott behavior that may be caused by the parties when their legitimate rights are damaged for a long time and cannot be resolved through repeated consultations.
Which of the following are vicious boycotts?
A.The owner of a community couldn't stand the noise of the square dance.After repeated communication failures, they raised 260,000 yuan to buy a sound reinforcement system commonly known as "treble cannon", and played the car horn sound in a loop to the square every day.
B.The orchard contracted by Lao Li has been frequented by thieves many times.In order to avoid greater losses, he wrapped iron wires and connected electricity to several fruit trees.Since then, the orchard has never been stolen again.
C.The property of the community found that the speed of the battery-powered express car was too fast and there were potential safety hazards.They repeatedly asked them to slow down, but with little effect, so all battery-powered express cars were prohibited from entering the community.
D.A community has been harassed by psoriasis advertisements for a long time, so he bought a call to death software and called the mobile phone numbers on the advertisements one by one, which quickly solved the big problem.

c
.Sequelae of intermediary: refers to the phenomenon that users' personal information is leaked to other institutions and is harassed for a long time after receiving services from intermediaries.
The following are the sequelae of the intermediary?
A.Xiao Chen bought an air conditioner in the mall, and the seller notified Xiao Chen's information to the manufacturer.Xiao Chen received many calls asking about the installation time and location, and later he often received return calls for air conditioner usage.
B.Xiao Cai bought a house in a real estate development company, and then often received phone calls from the decoration company asking whether they needed home improvement.Xiao Cai did not plan to renovate for the time being, and was very disgusted with these calls.
C.Xiao Zhang found a satisfactory job through a headhunting company, but every day for the next few months, he would receive some unknown calls, recommending him "good treatment, flexible time, easy tasks"
D.Pharaoh met Ding Mou who claimed to know a famous doctor when he registered for medical treatment.After seeing the famous doctor recommended by Ding Mou, his condition did not improve, he no longer ignored Ding Mou, and he no longer answered Ding Mou's harassing calls.

b
.Non-fiction writing: refers to the writing background of "experience the facts", adhering to the "honesty principle", emphasizing the unique sense of presence and realism, is a type of literary creation.
Which of the following is non-fiction?
A.In recent years, the domestic film and television industry has a special interest in the secret history of the court, and many film and television works are based on real events contained in historical books.Well-documented historical materials have become an important source of such film and television creation.
B.In order to truly reproduce the main details of a bizarre homicide, the writer Ake personally went to the town where the case took place, conducted a field investigation for more than two years, and finally wrote his famous work "The Beginning and End of a Small Town".
C.Cao Xueqin not only has serious and profound philosophical thinking about social life, but also carefully observes the different destinies of himself and ordinary people around him.These real stories provide rich material for his creation of "A Dream of Red Mansions".
D.Many scholars studying rural issues in China have been stationed in the countryside for many years, and have written monographs based on field survey data.This is obviously different from the style of academic writing that likes to use foreign popular theoretical methods.

a
.Targeted sales: refers to the marketing method that a merchant sells to a specific customer at a price lower than similar products in the market for a specific purpose.
Which of the following are targeted sales?
A.In order to raise awareness and attract car buyers, a certain auto city decided to give doctors and teachers a discount of 20,000 yuan on the day of opening, which is much cheaper than many 4S stores.
B.In order to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the establishment of the company, the board of directors of a company decided to distribute souvenirs to employees.After consulting with a leather goods manufacturer, they purchased a batch of stylish, high-end leather bags at preferential prices.
C.In order to avoid waste, a fresh food store stipulates that after 8pm every day, all non-frozen fresh fish and fresh meat products are sold at 50% off
D.In order to realize the first quarter sales performance of a food production company, it launched promotional activities at the same time online and offline at low prices in the industry, and the sales volume increased significantly.

d
.Headline model: refers to an information service model that is accurately pushed and screened by specific companies to Internet users, media, etc., and has important reference value for users.
Which of the following belong to the headline mode?
A.After purchasing milk powder in a shopping mall, Xiaoli has received discounts on bath tubs, remote control toys, children's books, and other products from the shopping mall in the past three years.
B.An online literature retrieval platform can provide the required literature and its download rate, citation rate and other information according to user requirements, but the user must provide accurate personal information
C.An online media company divides the content of its platform topic into two categories: free and paid.The paid content is very professional and is mainly used by people with specific needs.
D.A new media company analyzes customer data and organizes a dedicated team to screen different types of information in real time to ensure that specific users can see the content they care about as soon as possible

a
After the promulgation of the "General Principles of Civil Law" in China, the legislation of the civil code subdivision will be launched.We look forward to further strengthening the protection of personal dignity in the process of legislative subdivision and further highlighting the spirit of the age of human care.Because we are currently on the Internet In the era of big data, high-tech inventions face the risk of being misused or abused, which will pose a real threat to personal rights such as personal privacy.For example, with the development of the Internet, various "human flesh searches" have spread, Illegal theft of other people's information, e-mail, etc.by technical means are common.Such acts seriously infringe upon the personal personality rights, and even endanger property and personal safety, and require effective responses at the legislative level.
The "effective response" proposed in the article mainly refers to?
A.Speed up the personality rights legislation and improve the protection level of personality rights
B.Revise the spirit of the age of humane care through sub-legislation
C.Strengthening the crackdown on illegal activities such as "human flesh search"
D.Focus on the rule of law research in the age of the Internet and big data

c
An online search of information instead of encyclopedia-type knowledge reserve is becoming a norm of knowledge production.Previously, knowledge storage methods that tried to store knowledge in the brain through individual memory, faced with infinite, including cloud computing The Internet way of storing information has been defeated without suspense.The Internet's replacement of human memory and the externalization of extraction have made people no longer a pure knowledge owner, but transformed into a new one.The creator and holder of knowledge-all classic knowledge accumulation are prepared to create and possess new knowledge.
What does this passage mean?
A.The memory function of the brain is no longer important in the Internet age
B.Classic knowledge accumulation will be replaced by Internet storage
C.Information technology has changed the way knowledge is accumulated and stored in the past
D.Cloud computing will make humans no longer the sole owners of knowledge

b
The new knowledge environment and the multi-disciplinary infiltration will deeply affect the expression of history.Although traditional history also emphasizes attention to the bottom and the people, but subject to data and means, historical subjects in the past have been mainly limited to the elite.The development and penetration of big data, as well as sociology, and historical anthropology will definitely change the expression of traditional history.Field investigations in anthropology and the storytelling of sociology will certainly make historical works more lively and interesting.
What is not covered in the following summary?
A.The study of traditional history pays less attention to the people at the bottom
B.Internet development has stimulated enthusiasm for the study of history
C.The expression of history books should be lively and interesting
D.Historical research can draw on the research methods of other disciplines

c
Submarine sand deposits are abundant, ranging from precious diamonds, platinum sands, gold sands, to general cassiterite, magnetite, chromite, tungsten ore, and cheap grit debris, there are more than 20 kinds.Mining has become an important industry in Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia and other countries.However, sand and gravel are the most mined from the shallow sea bottom, and the U.S.alone extracts more than 500 million tons.These gravels are used for glass.In addition to the production of ceramics and grinding wheels, they are mainly used as building materials.There are also some countries that use calcareous sand, shells, calcareous shale and other raw materials to produce cement from offshore shallow seabeds.
The following summary is in line with the text?
A.Almost all raw materials for industrial production are obtained from submarine sand deposits
B.Mining of submarine tin mines has become a pillar industry in Southeast Asian countries
C.The offshore shallow seabed has become a huge supply base of building materials
D.Mining of sand and gravel in shallow seas is concentrated in the United States

d
It is necessary to pay attention to avoiding hollowing out in the development of the service industry, but it is wrong and dangerous to think that the rapid development of modern service industry in China's economic growth will definitely lead to a hollowing out of the industry.This view of China will make China's economy lose an important window period for the rapid development of the modern service industry.In fact, the formation of an industrial structure dominated by the service industry does not mean the decline of the status of the manufacturing industry, nor does it mean "de-industrialization" "It is not the same as starting the hollowing out process of the industry.
The main emphasis of this text?
A.The rapid development of modern service industry cannot lead to a hollowing out of the industry
B.How to objectively evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of the rapid development of modern service industry
C.Whether it will cause industrial hollowing depends on the prosperity of the manufacturing industry
D.Don't worry about the hollowness of the industry and miss the opportunity to develop the service industry

c
People often subconsciously think that feeling lonely means that this human figure is alone.But in fact, people may not feel lonely when they are alone, but may also feel lonely when the crowd is crowded.Because loneliness comes from the connection that people "own" and "desire" The difference between them is a subjective feeling.A person may be surrounded by others, but is unavailable because he desires some kind of connection, and then feels lonely; while being alone is an objective state, which is "only me at this moment A person".
What does this text mainly explain?
A.Establishing connections is an important way to avoid loneliness
B.The true psychological mechanism of human loneliness
C.Loneliness is not necessarily related to being alone
D.Association between subjective feelings and objective states

b
It is often said that reading can increase knowledge and cultivate temperament.Some experts point out that reading can also cure diseases, especially for mental illness caused by some social factors, such as depression, depression, panic, trouble, etc.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of these experts?
A.Reading can encourage patients to change their thinking styles, improve their cognitive ability, re-know the world and know themselves
B.Patients can intentionally or unintentionally obtain emotional approval and comfort from reading, and release inner anxiety and anxiety
C.Liu Xiang, a questioner at the Han Dynasty University, attaches great importance to the medical role of reading.
D.Reading can produce a neuropeptide in the brain, which can enhance cellular immunity and benefit human health

a
In order to enrich the amateur life of employees, a certain company allocates a fixed fund each year for the travel benefits of its employees.Some employees of the company spontaneously set up a donkey association, some of whom are the backbone of the company's technology.Recently, Some leaders of the company plan to use the funds for other purposes.The idea was agreed by all members of the company's management, but members of the Donkey Friends Association did not agree with the decision of the company's management.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Some technical backbones are not members of management
B.Management members are not technical backbones
C.The members of the Donkey Friends Association are technical backbones
D.Some management members are technical backbones

b
Water bear worms can survive for 30 years without eating and drinking, and can endure high temperatures of up to 150 㠃.They can survive in the deep sea and icy space.Their amazing survivability enables them to escape the extinction of most life on Earth.In a catastrophe, the only thing that can damage water bear worms is a star explosion or a large gamma-ray explosion.Some experts have asserted that water bear worms are an earth creature that can survive to the day the sun dies.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of these experts?
A.Some Earth creatures can survive to the day the sun dies
B.Water bear insects will not encounter stellar explosions or large gamma-ray explosions before the sun dies
C.Only by being able to survive without food and drink for 30 years or endure the high temperature of 150 㠃.Can you survive to the day when the sun is dying
D.Only by eating and drinking for 30 years can you avoid the star explosion or the gamma ray explosion

d
The main component of green tea is tea polyphenols.Recently, a large number of animal experiments have found that tea polyphenols can inhibit the proliferation of tumor cells and promote the death of tumor cells.However, some experts have not found that the more tea is consumed, the more cancer The lower the incidence, they don't think regular drinking tea can prevent cancer.
Which of the following, if true, is the most reasonable hypothesis for the expert to conclude?
A.If tea is contaminated by carcinogens such as heavy metals, pesticides during production, processing, and transportation, the more tea you drink, the more you risk cancer.
B.If people drink tea for a long time but follow bad habits such as smoking, drinking, staying up late, etc., it is difficult to see the anti-cancer effect of regular tea drinking
C.Only by assuming that teas of different varieties but the same serving size contain basically the same tea polyphenols, can we conclude that regular tea drinking can prevent cancer
D.Only when a large number of people drink tea is found that the incidence of cancer decreases, can we conclude that regular tea drinking can prevent cancer

d
.Family economy: refers to the use of people's attention to family relationships to hold commercial profit promotions during traditional festivals.
The following belong to the family economy?
A.A photo studio launches an outdoor family portrait shooting promotion on the third anniversary of the store
B.A food company appropriately raised the sales price of gift box moon cakes during the Mid-Autumn Festival
C.A shopping mall launched a discount on children's clothing and toys on the eve of Children's Day
D.Massage chairs and health products in many shopping malls during the Chongyang Festival have different degrees of discounts

d
Rural complex: refers to a new type of cross-industry, multi-functional agricultural production and management system that integrates characteristic industries, leisure tourism, and rural communities.
Which of the following belongs to the rural complex?
A.In a high-tech agricultural park just completed in a county, electronic control facilities are installed in 10,000 acres of Liangtian.There is also a multi-functional elderly apartment and more than ten large health clubs near the park.
B.As the first batch of provincial-level rural tourism demonstration areas, the "farmhouse" in Xiangyang Village has become the pride of a certain town.Every spring, the acres of rapeseed fields there attract thousands of foreign tourists.
C.A township intends to build a modern new rural community within three years.There are no high-rise buildings, small bridges and flowing water everywhere, and complete service facilities.
D.After several years of hard work in a certain village, an industrial chain of green food production and operation, tourists 'catering and accommodation, and wetland park tourism has been formed.Mountains are greener and greener, and villagers' lives have become richer.

a
The sequelae of digital technology: refers to the phenomenon of memory loss or cognitive decline caused by excessive use and dependence on digital products.
The following are the sequels of digital technology?
A.Xiao Zhu has a good sense of orientation.In the past, he had never used a navigator when driving.Since the navigator was installed, it has been inseparable from it for a day.Last night the navigator broke down.He had opened the car for 15 minutes.Hours
B.Mr.Ding, who is more than sixty years old, has worse and worse memory.Many of the documents that have been used for a long time are not clear now, and it is often necessary to use mobile phones to retrieve and verify the relevant content.
C.Xiao Li and a few friends went to the Internet cafe for an overnight stay together on the weekend.When I walked out of the Internet Cafe the next morning, I felt that the pedestrians on the roadside were vague.
D.Ms.Zhang has heard from friends many times that you can also buy wealth management products directly on your mobile phone, and downloaded a wealth management A.PP.Unexpectedly, she was deceived by more than 30,000 yuan on a phishing website.

b
.Voice fusion: refers to the phenomenon that the two people's voices that are frequently communicating gradually converge under the condition of complete unconsciousness.
Which of the following are speech fusions?
A.Mr.Lou has lived abroad for many years, rarely use Chinese, let alone speak his hometown dialect.At a dinner party, he met a fellow countryman, and the phrase "bad mess" evoked the long-forgotten local accent.The two spoke in a hometown dialect.Chat all night
B.Lao Zhang and his wife have been married for more than ten years.The eating habits of the family have been indistinguishable from the north and the south.Even Mr.Zhang's northeast cavity has almost lost its original taste.His wife's Cantonese sounds strange, daughter.Always make fun of them as real "singing husband and wife"
C.Ms.Zhu s spoken Chinese class is loved by international students.Not only is the pronunciation standard and the tone soft, but she also talks about some interesting short paragraphs in the classroom from time to time.In less than half a year, most students can learn her tone for daily routine Conversation
D.After Xiao Huang came to work in a small seaside town in the south, she insisted on watching local dialect TV programs every day, imitating the announcer's pronunciation.After half a year, her tone, tone, and words sounded like a native native

a
Precise poverty alleviation cannot focus on individual facts and solve individual problems without knowing how to link individual poverty or special poverty to the macro-economic background of economic and social development.It should be clearly recognized that although all kinds of special poverty have special factors, Special poverty also exists in the context of the current information society.Informatization and networking contain a wealth of resources and energy, and poor people or groups should be vigorously supported to understand and adapt to the new situation of information and networking as soon as possible.Training and typical demonstrations introduce poor people who are far away from information and networking into this historical process.
The most appropriate keywords extracted from this text are
A.Information Society Technology Training for Precision Poverty Alleviation
B.A typical demonstration of targeted poverty alleviation and special poverty
C.Macroeconomic background of the poor
D.Special poverty training for poor groups

d
Psychologists have suggested that if social networks are used well, they can also significantly reduce people's negative emotions and improve their moods, but only if we use the network as a platform to build an exercise, truly express ourselves, and sincerely and in good faith Socializing with others.It is sometimes difficult to find like-minded friends offline due to geographic separation and other issues.However, depending on the convenience of the Internet, many people are more likely to find confidants.
What is the main emphasis of this text?
A.Network communication platforms have a clear advantage in regulating emotions
B.Spatial barriers are the root cause of meeting confidants in reality
C.Social networks replacing offline communication is an inevitable trend in the future
D.Correct use of social networks can make up for the lack of real interaction

c
Even if the most stringent pesticide residue standards are implemented, there are still risks.However, if zero residue standards are implemented, humans will face a greater risk of food shortages.Therefore, the formulation of standards requires a comprehensive balance between the cost of pesticide residues and the pesticides The yield of crops is increased.This is a trade-off between total social costs and total benefits, and is a by-product of humankind's pursuit of maximizing the overall welfare of society.
What cannot be said from the passage?
A.Implementation of zero standards for pesticide residue inspections is unlikely in practice
B.Human decisions need to be weighed against total social costs and benefits
C.Residual pesticides in crops are actually good for solving food shortages
D.Crops containing certain pesticide residues are the last resort for humans

b
Some people have proposed from the level of legal operation that the application of peasant paintings will cause contradictions in copyright, because the national and national cultural heritage, the authors are collective and anonymous.The authors of peasant paintings are very clear and have the provisions of the Copyright Law Subject and object conditions.
According to the text, what is incorrect about the following statement?
A.Farmer painting author owns the copyright of the work
B.Peasant painting does not belong to the culture of the country or nation
C.Cultural heritage cannot usually belong to a single individual
D.The nature of copyright may affect the application of farmers' paintings

c
Fenglin Bay is an ideal river for salmon spawning and breeding.If there is a hydropower dam downstream, salmon will not be able to breed here.Only when the trees on the shore of Fenglin Bay have lost their leaves, salmon will swim here.If you see many sea eagles and brown bears gathering in this river bay, you will know that the salmon is migrating.Now there is a lot of salmon swimming in Fenglin Bay.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.There is a hydropower dam downstream of Fenglin Bay
B.There are many sea eagles and brown bears in Fenglin Bay
C.The leaves on the shore of Fenglin Bay are gone
D.Sea Eagle and Brown Bear Feed on Salmon

c
Most people's diet contains excess fat.The fat in food is mainly in the form of triglycerides.In the digestive tract, fatty acids are hydrolyzed and released by lipase before they can be absorbed into the blood and re-synthesize triglycerides If lipase is inhibited, this synthesis can be terminated.Some researchers have performed experiments on this.They divided female mice of equal weight into three groups, the first group fed freely and the second group fed a high-fat diet.The third group was fed a high-fat diet but added a "tea saponin" extracted from the tea.It was found that from the 5th week to the end of the 10th week, the weight of the second group of mice It is significantly higher than the first group, but the third group is not significantly different from the first group.From this, the researchers have concluded that the "natural product" of tea saponin has the ability to inhibit lipases.People Drinking tea does produce weight loss.
Which of the following is true and most likely to question the researchers' above conclusions?
A.Rats on a high-fat diet have approximately twice the weight of uterine fat than mice on a regular diet
B.If tea saponin is added to a high-fat diet, its uterine fat is basically the same as that of a rat eating a regular diet
C.The amount of tea saponin used in the experiment is too large.According to the same proportion, ordinary people need to drink at least five kilograms of dry tea a day.
D.The differences between mice and humans are still very large, and the conclusions of the mouse experiments have only a certain reference for humans.

a
Finance, as the foundation and important pillar of national governance, plays an important role in promoting scientific and technological innovation, leading, enhancing, and safeguarding.Specifically, fiscal policy can provide input-side thrust for scientific and technological innovation through targeted and precise fiscal investment; Supporting and controlling differentiated tax preferential channels, constructing guiding incentives for technological innovation; setting a demand-side pull for technological innovation through a clear and selective government procurement channel.
This text highlights
A.Main ways of fiscal policy to promote technological innovation
B.The role of fiscal policy in technological innovation
C.Impact of fiscal policy on technological innovation
D.Fiscal policy needs to take into account the needs of scientific and technological innovation

c
Throughout the history of cartography, the effective use of maps means understanding a series of abstract symbols drawn on a plane, and then associating these symbols with various three-dimensional features of the local environment to successfully determine your location.But this is not All ordinary people can do it, and not long ago, the map itself was a scarce artifact, and some maps were classified as military sensitive.However, the maps that can be seen on the mobile phone screen changed all this.
This text focuses on explaining
A.The development of cartography has gone through a long historical process
B.There are many technical difficulties in the use of mapping
C.The advent of smartphones has promoted the development of cartography
D.Smartphones have greatly improved the quality of human life

d
In the era of increasing modernization, digital fully intelligent industries and current large industries are the most productive forces for social development.Handicrafts are the ancient production of human beings, and lifestyle can also play its economic auxiliary role, but its cultural functional significance will become increasingly prominent.Similar to the indispensability of spiritual utopia, the existence of handicrafts will provide modern people with the opportunity to return to the simple human nature and look back to human childhood.The revitalization of traditional crafts will also open up a new world of modern life and cultural creation.
This text is intended to emphasize
A.Handicrafts can assist in economic development
B.Handicraft production methods in modern society are indispensable
C.Cultural creation is closely related to traditional crafts
D.The existence of handicraft lies in its cultural function significance

b
Ecological civilization is first and foremost a kind of worldview, that is, how to view the relationship between man and nature and between people.In fact, the relationship between man and nature and the relationship between people is a mutual reflection of the same thing.At the same time, people The relationship with nature also determines the relationship between people to a certain extent.When the relationship between people and nature is tense, such as certain natural resources and ecological environment can not bear the existing population, it will produce people-to-people Confrontation.
The following statement is inconsistent with the text
A.Harmonious coexistence between man and nature is actually helpful to coordinate the relationship between people
B.Managing the relationship between people is more important than the relationship between people and nature
C.A correct worldview can guide us to deal with the relationship between people and people and nature
D.The confrontation between people may be related to the tension between people and nature

a
The implementation of the energy-saving target responsibility system and assessment and evaluation system has actually established a bureaucratic energy-saving supervision model, which means the establishment of a general responsibility system for local governments in energy-saving work.Its characteristic is to integrate energy-saving work with the personnel evaluation of local governments.The evaluation system is linked, the purpose is to be government-led, to provide local governments with a strong political impetus to promote energy conservation, and the marketization of energy conservation and emission reduction is to fully give energy-saving enterprises (or other units) the autonomy to make use of the market's resource allocation.Decisive role in
What this paragraph is most likely to discuss next is
A.How to effectively implement marketization of energy saving and emission reduction
B.Why implement marketization of energy saving and emission reduction
C.How to effectively promote the responsibility system for energy conservation goals
D.How to link personnel evaluation with energy saving and emission reduction

c
At present, there is increased communication between villages or between urban and rural areas.Due to factors such as demolition and relocation, new community groups have been formed in new areas, and the village is facing the stage of "de-acquaintance".Linking it with a common regional culture is An effective form of rural governance.Historically, groups organized by blood or a recognized culture have strong vitality and stability.On a certain level, rural social relations, the adjustment of rural conflicts, and the rural The maintenance of social order depend not only on the legal system, but also on informal systems such as village etiquette, village community ethics, and village rules and covenants.
This text mainly emphasizes
A.Historical Origins and Present Situation of Rural Social Order
B.Main reasons for the change in the current rural social order
C.Maintaining new rural social order requires exploring more effective governance methods
D.Informal institutions are often more effective than legal means in rural governance practices

a
After reading a lot of biographies of poets in the Tang Dynasty, I found that most poets before the Mid Tang Dynasty were mostly arrogant.It is a common thing to be proud, brag, brag, and pride.Du Fu should be a gentle and careful person, but It's not ambiguous to boast: "In my old days, I watched the state guest as early as possible.I read 10,000 volumes, and there was a god in my writing.I gave my enemies my strength, and my poetry made me a relative." Laughing at Kong Qiu, "Going out laughing and going out, my generation is a Basil" "An Neng's eyebrows are broken, and I am not happy", everyone knows it well."Heaven ca nt come to the ship, he claims to be wine."Zhongxian", although written by Du Fu, is unique in Li Bai's personality.
According to the text, the author's arrogance in Li Du's poems
A.Not surprising
B.Appreciate very much
C.slightly
D.There are derogations and derogations

a
According to the new rules of criminal evidence, the authenticity and identity of appraisal materials have become the prerequisites for the conversion of appraisal opinions into verdicts.This is obviously a major change in China's criminal evidence system.Through this change, we can find judicial The policy makers of the reform already have a new theoretical understanding: the identification of physical evidence is the premise and basis for the start of the judicial identification process: without the authenticity process, the "judicial identification opinions" of any professional on physical evidence will be There is no legal significance; physical evidence as a kind of "submission materials", in the case of reasonable doubt about its authenticity and identity, the appraisal opinion will not be qualified as the basis for finalization.
The most appropriate keywords extracted from this text are
A.Basis of Verification of Criminal Evidence
B.The basis for finalizing judicial reform opinions on judicial reform
C.Judicial reform of the criminal evidence system of appraisal materials
D.Evidence system for judicial appraisal procedures

c
Before the birth of photographic technology, those cultural relics that had been damaged or disappeared or could not be collected for various reasons depended on Mo Tuo to enter the researcher's field of vision.And many cultural relics need to be properly stored and carefully protected, and can not be repeatedly touched.Through Mo Tuo, Researchers can not only obtain the materials needed for research, but also avoid multiple exposures to cultural relics, causing cultural relics to be contaminated or damaged.Modern photography technology is very developed, but the presentation of details is still not as intuitive and clear as Mo Tuo.Mo Tuo can carve stone, The text and patterns on ancient artifacts clearly appear on paper for researchers to use.
This text mainly explains
A.Mo Tuo is superior to photography in the study of cultural relic preservation literature
B.Researchers have a long history of using Motuo to study stone carvings and ancient artifacts
C.Mo Tuo has important value for studying historical documents and preserving cultural relics
D.Mo Tuo has different values for the protection of literature research in photographic technology

a
From the perspective of top-level design, China's craftsmanship cultivation and construction needs to be based on the establishment of a cooperative guarantee platform, the development of a multi-disciplinary dialogue between different subjects, the construction of a collaborative development mechanism of production, education, and research, and the strengthening of the spirit cultivation function of vocational schools.The training subject of craftsman spirit must urgently strengthen the market management system according to its role positioning and functional attributes, cultivate a high-quality consumer market, continuously improve the compensation system for technical and technical personnel, and build a three-stop interactive mechanism for vocational colleges, training centers, and enterprises.
This text is intended to explain
A.The main strategies for the cultivation of the artisan spirit in China
B.Top-level design cultivated by Chinese craftsman spirit
C.Management of the work of fostering the spirit of chemical artisans
D.Building a collaborative platform is the focus of craftsmanship

d
In the early stages of traditional culture, the culture showed a comprehensive form, which became the common cradle of traditional Chinese medicine and classical literature.Before these two disciplines were separated, the traditional Chinese medicine and classical literature There are obviously mixed phenomena among them.Whether it is poetry, folk songs, folk songs, or market minors, they are important communication carriers of ancient medicine.On the other hand, many ancient medical books are works of rich literary value.Reading these classical medicines When writing, I can often experience the inevitable and profound part of literature.
The following statement is inconsistent with the text
A.Medicine and literature are not distinct in the early stages of traditional culture
B.Reading classic medical ancient books may get an aesthetic experience
C.Chinese traditional medicine and classical literature are rooted in a common cultural soil
D.Study of classical literature is the basis for studying traditional medicine

a
The independence of national audit is fully guaranteed, which determines the degree of implementation of the rule of law in auditing, determines the level of audit quality and the fairness of audit results, and determines whether audit can play its "immune system" function in national governance activities, and then determines the audit Whether the anti-corruption mission can be successfully completed.
The following statements are most similar to the meanings of the line drawing section:
A.Whether the independence of national audit is fully guaranteed or not determines the possibility of achieving the rule of law in auditing
B.Whether the state fully guarantees the independence of audit determines the degree of realization of the audit rule of law
C.Whether the independence of national audit is fully guaranteed determines the degree of realization of the rule of law in auditing
D.Whether the country can fully guarantee the independence of audit determines the possibility of the realization of the rule of audit law

a
Belief, conviction, and confidence are vital at all times.As small as a person, a collective, as large as a political party, a nation, a country.As long as there is faith, belief, and confidence, it will become more and more frustrated, more and more fighting Be brave, otherwise you won't defeat yourself.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Without faith, conviction, and confidence, we will not defeat ourselves or defeat ourselves.
B.Without faith, conviction, and confidence, we will not become more frustrated, more furious, and braver
C.If we do nt defeat ourselves or fight ourselves, it means that we have no faith, conviction, or faith
D.If we become more frustrated, and more brave, we will not lose ourselves without fighting and fail

a
In the era of the popularity of smart phones, we send and receive messages every day.Electronic information exchange between people has become a unique way of communication in today's era.When facing important people or relationships, many people often send messages Just look forward to being returned, if not, they will have a sense of suspicion or abandonment, and they will fall into deep trouble and anxiety.
Which of the following is most likely the assumption they need to fall into deep trouble and anxiety?
A.The current technology has been able to achieve instant communication with smart phones, convenient and fast, and basically free of charge.
B.Some chat software can feedback the message in the sender's mobile phone whether the receiver has read the message
C.Some people are very busy at work, and they are used to processing related information after a busy day
D.Some people receive too much information a day, and it is easy to miss important information that someone expects to return in seconds

c
In today's society, many elderly people drift into foreign countries to become "Lao Diao people" in order to help their children take care of the next generation.In a recent urban survey, the young people interviewed admitted that their parents are Lao Diao people, and their loved ones have just started Due to the pressure of work, there is no time to take care of children and do housework.According to some experts, the Lao drift group in Chinese cities will further expand.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of these experts?
A.Older people can have better medical conditions in rural areas than in rural areas
B.Some elderly people are entangled in home affairs and are more willing to live in their hometown
C.The implementation of the national two-child policy will promote more children to be born
D.After the implementation of the two-child policy, the second-child birth rate in urban areas is lower than in rural areas

c
People eat when they are hungry.Once they consume energy nutrients such as carbohydrates, fats and proteins, they can eliminate hunger.This lack of energy nutrients is a dominant hunger; however, human health requires 16 types of iron, zinc, etc.Mineral elements and vitamins A.Vitamin E and 13 kinds of vitamins.If these micronutrients are lacking, it will cause hidden hunger.Obviously, explicit hunger can be solved only by "satisfaction", and hidden hunger can only be "eat well" response.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.It is necessary to "eat enough" and "eat well", so as to ensure human health
B.Eliminating explicit hunger is more important to people, and only "full" can "eat well"
C.Hidden hunger is not the same as the dominant hunger.
D.Hidden hunger is more harmful to human health than dominant hunger, and more hidden

d
In a county, the new party and government leadership team has just been formed and is determined to do something practical for the masses.In the face of limited financial resources, the new leadership team made it clear that only two major tasks can be completed this year.For many of them included in the public policy agenda They believe that if you build a rural road, you cannot build a sewage treatment plant; if you build a sewage treatment plant, you need to build a sewage pipe; if you build a sewage pipe, you cannot build a garbage treatment plant.
According to the thoughts of this leadership team, which of the following cannot be built at the same time this year?
A.Country roads, sewage pipes
B.Country roads, waste treatment plants
C.Sewage treatment plant, sewage pipe
D.Sewage treatment plant, garbage treatment plant

c
The "dark forest theory" proposed in the science fiction "Three Body" tells us that humans must not reveal the location of our earth to the universe, or they will be destroyed by alien civilization.However, as early as the "Three Body" publication in 1974 In the year, humans sent a radio signal to the Wuxian cluster, which is more than 22,000 light years away from the earth, and proactively announced its existence to the universe at the speed of light.This M13 cluster of Wuxian stars has hundreds of thousands of stars.Scientists believe that stars are usually accompanied by planets, but there can be no life on the stars, but there may be on the planets.People who believe in the dark forest theory can't help worrying about the reckless behavior of humans, and think that the good expectations of humans may be Usher in cruel reality.
Which of the following, if true, best illustrates this need?
A.So far, humans have not found any signs of alien life
B.Earth-like planets are not uncommon, with an average of 1 every 5 stars
C.There are no planetary systems in the densely packed Star cluster of the Perseus
D.Even if the civilization of the Mars cluster is received, it will be after 22,000 years

c
Social penalties: Refers to restrictions and penalties from other departments that are not directly related to the person's untrustworthy behavior.
The following are social penalties:
A.The high-speed rail "Bully Man" who forcibly occupied another person's seat on the grounds of "can't stand up" was severely criticized by the police on the spot and was transferred to the public security organ for public security punishment after getting off the bus.After the incident was exposed, the parties' bad behavior It has been unanimously condemned by netizens across the country.
B.Due to data falsification, a professor's paper published in an international journal was retracted.In the condemnation of netizens, the professor was revoked for the performance rewards obtained based on the paper, provincial and ministerial research projects, and Rong glance title ,Social work
C.On the eve of the Spring Festival, some of the contract laborers who maliciously owed migrant workers' wages were exposed by relevant departments and various media, and attracted close attention from all sectors of society.According to the regulations of banks, insurance, railways and other departments, these violators applied for credit cards, purchased insurance and Both trains and high-speed rail tickets will be restricted
D.A chemical company along the Yangtze River has repeatedly secretly discharged sewage to the Yangtze River regardless of the ban.It has recently been criticized by the relevant provincial departments, revoking its production license, and its superior departments and principals have also been severely punished.

b
Friendly purchasing: When a large amount of products are backlogged due to natural disasters or other irresistible factors, the buyer purchases these products in a way that is not lower than or even slightly higher than the wholesale price or the market price to help producers overcome difficulties.behavior.
Which of the following are friendly purchases
A.The recent rise in raw material prices and the tight supply of various electronic devices.An enterprise actively increased its prices and purchased a large number of urgently needed electronic devices from long-term suppliers to ensure the normal production of the company.
B.Due to the torrential rains that caused flash floods, dozens of acres of watermelons on the market were flooded by the local melon farmers.After the counterparts helped the city, they bought all the watermelons of the melon farmers at market prices
C.Fruit harvest in a certain place in the south has resulted in a large backlog of unsaleable goods.Buyers have learned that the Northeast has a good sales market.They purchase in large quantities from worried fruit farmers and resell in the Northeast.
D.Although the traditional handicrafts of a certain ethnic group have successfully applied for an inheritance, their products have always been cost-effective.After vigorous promotion by folklore experts in the media, they have finally got out of the mountain and the market has responded well.

a
Emotional labor: Refers to the behavior of employees in the service industry who integrate personal emotions into the work process when they interact with customers face-to-face, and have a positive impact on customers, enterprises and service personnel themselves.
The following are emotional labor
A.An airline stewardess standing on both sides of the boarding gate welcomes passengers, and sometimes smiles and touches the child's head
B.Xiao Liu always smiles and answers her calls kindly and enthusiastically.She has been rated as the most beautiful operator for many years.
C.The intelligent customer service "Xiao Qing" of a certain hotel is empathetic and has a sweet voice, and the guests who stay at it like to interact with her
D.Xiao Qin has worked in the Letters and Calls Bureau for many years, and every time he receives visitors, he is very patient and understands the details in detail.

a
Invisible implantation: refers to publicity strategies that make audiences unknowingly affected through peripheral information, symbol systems, and other unobservable forms.
Which of the following is invisible implants
A.In a TV series, all characters use the same brand of mobile phone, and use the brand's classic ringtones
B.Before the arrival of the City Games, the merchants successively put various cultural and creative products with the emblem of the City Games on the counter.
C.In the collection of the museum logo design in a certain city, the plan No.8 attracted the attention of the judges with its strong regional cultural elements.
D.The wedding anniversary is approaching.In order to remind the careless and busy husband, Xiaoli secretly replaced his mobile phone screensaver with a wedding photo.

a
Reverse urbanization: Refers to the phenomenon of urban residents actively flowing from urban areas to suburbs or rural areas due to work, life, environment and other reasons.
Which of the following is anti-urbanization
A.Citizen Mr.Li has worked and lived in the city center for many years.Last year he moved to a suburban enterprise and bought a suite near the unit.I feel that work and life are very convenient.
B.With the expansion of business volume, the warehouse of a logistics company cannot meet the business needs, and the cost of renting another site in the city is too high, and the company rents a large warehouse in the rural area with lower rents.
C.In recent years, due to traffic congestion in the city and too much pressure, many urban white-collar workers have gone to the surrounding countryside for vacations and enjoy the joy of rural life
D.Due to the adjustment of the establishment system, Ms.Lin's husband changed from a big city to the Gobi Desert a thousand miles away.In order to support her husband's work, Ms.Lin planned to take her son to settle near the new station.

c
The theater effect: refers to the phenomenon that individual members pursue the maximization of their own interests, causing other members to follow suit, resulting in imbalance in collective order and damage to overall interests.
The following are theater effects:
A.Xiaoming participated in a high-priced tutoring class.After Xiaofang's parents knew it, she reported a more expensive one.They felt that if he didn't, Xiaofang's performance might not be as good as Xiaoming's.
B.The e-commerce platform launched a variety of promotional methods during the small holiday, and some of them played a trick of raising prices first and then discounting, which seriously affected the overall credibility of the platform.
C.In recent years, the car sales battle has intensified.Several major manufacturers first advertised on TV stations and newspapers, but later evolved into high prices and asked celebrities to endorse.
D.Considering that there are large-scale activities on Xianxia Road, Xiaowang chose to work on the Chunguang Road, which is not usually taken.However, it was unexpected that everyone would walk along this road, which caused the Chunguang Road to be seriously blocked.

b
Differentiated competition: In the short-term fierce competition, multiple companies in the same industry use flexible and changeable personalization methods to establish a good corporate image and win the market's operating methods.
Which of the following is differentiated competitions:
A.During the Spring Festival, several major online short video platforms have launched red envelope grabs.You posted 500 million, and he posted 800 million.The competition has become fierce.
B.Under the condition that other real estate developers have reduced their prices, a certain property has improved the quality of the property, introduced the resources of famous schools, and its sales have been far ahead of other properties in the same period.
C.Whenever the New Year is celebrated, several large electrical appliance malls in the urban area will offer preferential activities such as giving away small home appliances and extending the warranty period.Citizens often wait until then
D.Under the general slump of physical bookstores, a bookstore located in a prosperous neighborhood has always maintained its market positioning and is committed to selling high-quality professional books in order to local cultural landmarks.

b
Big data "kill cooked": refers to the sales strategy of charging a higher standard for customers who have multiple consumption records or higher spending power when the same goods or services are provided, based on the screening results of big data.
The following are big data "kill"
A.Xiao Li is in charge of the reception work of the unit, and often has to make an appointment for business car transfers.Later, as long as he hits a taxi, the online appointment platform will directly push the high-priced business car.
B.Lao Zhang, who often makes hotel reservations online, always kept the price at 380 yuan when booking a single room in a hotel.His nephew came to see him during the summer vacation and also booked the same room on the Internet, but the price was a quarter cheaper.One
C.A supermarket located in the financial service area of the city center has a favorable environment and strong customer purchasing power.A branded beverage sells for as much as 15 yuan here, and this kind of beverage costs only 10 yuan in a convenience store in a residential area.
D.A shopping website launches a new user promotion activity.Every newly registered user can get a coupon for free.The new member is much cheaper than the old member, which makes the old members depressed.

c
Code-switching: Refers to the phenomenon in which speakers use multiple languages or dialects to communicate during the same conversation.
The following are not part of the code conversion
A.Mr.John has lived in China for many years and always insists on using Chinese when talking with his colleagues.Sometimes he really doesn't know how to express his meaning accurately, and he will be mixed with three or two English words.
B.Manager Ma received the visiting customers and introduced them to the company in Mandarin.After learning that there were two Shaanxi fellows in the customer, he immediately spoke Shaanxi and talked with them.
C.At an international academic conference, Professor Chen brought a thick Sichuan accent when he gave a speech in English, and most of the foreign scholars who attended the conference hardly understood his speech.
D.After coming to the international student dormitory, Mr.Fang, the teacher in charge of the class, asked about their daily life.When he found a student showing a puzzled expression, he immediately explained it in English.

d
Crisis public relations: refers to management activities in which government departments, social groups, or enterprises face various emergencies that may cause serious consequences, and take various measures in an organized and planned manner to avoid damage or reduce the degree of damage in order to gain public understanding.
The following are not part of crisis PR:
A.After the news of multiple batches of drugs produced by a company marked with false production dates was exposed, the company leader immediately in the newspapers and television stations to the nation's public to send money, should be recalled these batches of products, promised to compensate the victims through appropriate channels, quickly Find out and truthfully announce the truth of the incident, and ask people from all walks of life to supervise
B.After the rumors of the college entrance examination answer card being dropped in a certain place, the local government department quickly set up a joint investigation team to publish the operating rules of the college entrance examination questions, proctors, and scoring, and released the progress of the investigation in a timely manner.It was finally determined that the rumor was completely rumored
C.The news of "a brand of ham sausage using outdated pork" spread on the Internet.The company quickly checked and apologized, recalled, compensated, and formulated detailed rectification measures, promising that such incidents would never happen again, and the media and consumers were slow.Slow down
D.The management of a shopping mall has learned the lessons from the fire caused by the aging of the circuit in the adjacent mall, and suffered heavy losses.It regularly organizes professionals to strengthen the inspection of the line safety, replace the old wires in time, and post the `` Regulations on Electricity Usage '' to remind merchants.All are very cooperative, and the fire awareness is significantly increased

d
, Internet public welfare: refers to civil society or enterprises through the online platform to launch public welfare activities with low thresholds, high transparency, strong interaction and other characteristics.
The following are Internet public good
A.A company allocates special funds every year to carry out public welfare activities, solicits cataract patients on the official website and provides all medical expenses to patients who meet certain conditions.
B.Learned that Lao Zhang was involved in a car accident.His old classmates passed the class group.The circle of friends quickly raised more than 30,000 yuan in donations and transferred them to his home.
C.A loving service station publishes online donation accounts from all walks of life on its homepage before the start of school every year, and invites some donors to send donations to the mountain elementary school together
D.A village committee initiated a One Gang One donation and fund-raising activity through the online platform to help college students from the poor families in the village solve the tuition problem

d
The development, maintenance, or decline of language has never been a purely linguistic issue, but the result of a complex game of social, political, and economic forces.At present, the academic community mainly discusses the protection of dialects from the perspectives of sociology, political science, and economics.However, there is not much research on the legal protection of dialects, especially the protection of administrative law.Therefore, the establishment and improvement of the administrative law mechanism of dialect protection in our country, to coordinate the conflict between Putonghua and dialects, so that the language is universal, standardized and diverse.Seeking balanced protection between sexes has important theoretical and applied values.
What is most likely to be discussed after this text is
A.The theoretical and practical value of dialect protection
B.Language Normalization and Diversified Approaches
C.The conflict between Mandarin and dialect is not irreconcilable
D.How to protect dialects through administrative legislation

a
The development gap measured by per capita income itself implies a difference in the structure of resource endowments, that is, developed regions have relatively rich capital elements, which has a comparative advantage in capital-intensive industries; while relatively less developed regions have rich labor.And the comparative advantage of low production costs.The difference in resource endowment structure between the eastern, central, and western regions can undoubtedly become an opportunity for economic development in the central and western regions to catch up.
The following statement is inconsistent with the text
A.Differences in resource endowments in different regions have advantages and disadvantages
B.Relatively lack of labor in developed regions
C.Midwest can take advantage of abundant labor
D.Capital-intensive industries are mostly concentrated in the eastern region

b
Urbanization is a long-term historical process.In this process, both the positive urbanization of the population from rural to urban migration, and the inevitable phenomenon of reverse urbanization such as the return of rural migrant workers.By accelerating the reform of the household registration system, Promoting the civicization of the agricultural transfer population can ensure the continuous advancement of urbanization.At the same time, the implementation of the rural revitalization strategy can not only create a wider use of rural talents and labor, but also make urbanization progress more stable and far-reaching.
The following statement is inconsistent with the text
A.Promoting urbanization is not the same as allowing only the population to migrate to urban areas
B.In the process of promoting urbanization, migrant workers should be encouraged to return home
C.Implementation of rural revitalization strategy and urbanization process are not contradictory
D.Reform of the household registration system is a key step in the process of urbanization

d
Traditional literature has been divided into pure literature and popular literature since modern times.The readers of pure literature are often niche and elite, and popular literature is read by a wider group of people, and the author is also formed in accordance with these two reading directions It is a relatively stable group.Online literature is different from these two, allowing more young groups to participate in the reading.Its diversity allows more people to meet their needs in the meantime, so it is not part of the literature readers The mass participation in literary reading as the "increment" of literary reading has also made many young writers of different identities find the possibility of professional writing in this space.A large number of young readers and writers have entered from the entrance of online literature In literature.
This text focuses on explaining
A.The emergence of online literature has expanded the audience of literary works
B.Internet literature is more attractive to young people than traditional literature
C.Online literature can better meet the needs of various groups of people than traditional literature
D.The development of online literature has expanded the readership and authorship of literature

c
The link between shrinking animal size and warming has not only occurred in ancient times.With global warming, many living species have also decreased in size.Toads, snakes, turtles, slugs, forest rats, dung flies, Arctic regions Butterflies, a variety of North Sea fish and a sheep-these animals have become smaller and smaller.This phenomenon once puzzled scientists, but through multiple sets of experiments, field observations and research on fossils The answer seems to be getting clearer.
The following options are inconsistent with the text
A.Small animals have survival advantages in climate warming
B.Scientists have long been concerned about the correlation between animal body shape changes and climate warming
C.The shrinking of animal size caused by warming is limited to theoretical ideas at this stage
D.Climate change caused by animal warming in ancient times

d
In addition to teaching in human society, there are also activities such as non-professional learning and professors that fail to trigger learning.Even teaching does not only exist in schools, but occurs in all aspects of human social life.In the field, humans have been engaged in a variety of educational activities long before the emergence of modern schools: after the emergence of modern schools, human educational activities still occur widely in the field of social life outside the school.Limiting your own research horizons within the school's space-time framework actually determines a wrong subject boundary for yourself, so you can only vaguely regard a large number of educational phenomena like the so-called "education in a broad sense" and vaguely exclude them from your own Outside the main research horizons.
The following statement is inconsistent with the text
A.Educational activities are widespread in all areas of human life
B.Learning behaviors that are not taught can also be included in educational activities
C.Current pedagogical studies misjudge the boundaries of disciplines
D.The emergence of modern schools has limited the research horizon of pedagogy

a
In one study, researchers found that the stereotype of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (chronic obstructive pneumonia) is so ingrained that women with this disease may not be diagnosed in time.The researchers asked 192 doctors to diagnose a batch Patients, who are men or women with long-term cough and a history of smoking.In the initial examination, only 49% of women were diagnosed with COPD, compared with 64.6% of men.A medical test report pointing to COPD was provided.At this time, the gender gap in the diagnosis rate narrowed, but it still did not completely disappear.
The "stereotype" in the passage refers to
A.Women are less likely to have COPD
B.Women with COPD are not easily diagnosed
C.Men are more likely to have COPD
D.COPD is easily diagnosed in men

d
In terms of solubility, pesticides can be divided into water-soluble and fat-soluble.Traditional methods of soaking with water can only remove water-soluble pesticides on the surface of fruits and vegetables, but cannot remove its main residual substance, fat-soluble pesticides.During the soaking process, water-soluble pesticides will dissolve in water and form an aqueous solution with a certain concentration.If the soaking time is too long, it is likely to cause the pesticides in the water to be re-adsorbed by fruits and vegetables, and also cause many water-soluble nutrients such as vitamins in vegetables.C.And calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc, etc.are dissolved in the water, which causes its nutritional content to be lost.
The most appropriate summary of the text below is
A.The disadvantages of washing fruits and vegetables with water immersion methods outweigh the benefits
B.How to control the duration of washing fruits and vegetables with water soaking method
C.It is more difficult to clean fat-soluble pesticides than water-soluble pesticides
D.Water-soaking method has limitations in cleaning fruits and vegetables

a
At present, people often simply understand "active aging" as "something to do with old age", but its real meaning is far more than the latter.Usually, the main body of "something to do with old age" in China is mainly old cadres and old professional scientific and technological talents.Old intellectuals, etc., but they are only a part of the elderly."Active aging" is targeted at all elderly groups.Not only veteran cadres, old intellectuals must "actively age", but ordinary elderly must also "actively age"."Oldness makes a difference" emphasizes the "participation" side of the elderly, "active aging" also emphasizes "health" and "security" and the organic unity and combination of the three.Participation in society is only "active aging" One aspect.
This text is intended to clarify
A."Active aging" is richer than "doing something old"
B.The subject of "doing something good" and "active aging" are different
C."Everything Old" values participation more than "active aging"
D.The root cause of the long-term misunderstanding of the concept of "active aging"

a
No reform can be successful without the support and participation of the people.Only by fully respecting the people's will and forming a broad consensus can the people actively support the reform and actively participate in the reform.We must adhere to the people's dominant position, give full play to the spirit of the people's initiative, and rely on the people Promote reform and opening up.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Reform can succeed only with people's support and participation
B.Only by upholding the status of the people as the main body can the spirit of mass initiative be brought into play
C.If people are enthusiastically engaged in reform, it shows that there is a broad consensus
D.Without full respect for the will of the people, the people will not actively support reform

d
Food safety has become a hot issue of concern in modern society.A social survey this year for a city showed that 29.2% of the respondents felt safe in eating, and 23.8% of the respondents did not feel safe.The survey data were 22.4% and 32.6%, respectively.Investigators asserted that the public's sense of food safety has improved this year, and the overall state of food safety is better than last year.
Which of the following, if true, would most likely challenge the above findings?
A.Some respondents did not express their attitudes towards food safety this year
B.The city government has increased its management of food safety this year
C.The city's media reported multiple food safety incidents such as fake milk powder this year
D.This year's social survey has increased the number of catering operators

c
Not all seniors are suitable to participate in investment activities.Most investment types require investors to have rich professional knowledge, but most seniors are lacking in this area, so that they can only be left to some liar's flicker.Compared with securities investment such as stock market, funds, etc., it is easier for the elderly to invest in art.If they do not have sufficient discrimination ability, they will be deceived, thinking that they have encountered the beauty of "pick-up".
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Some seniors have rich expertise and are suitable for participating in investment activities
B.Some elderly people do not have enough discrimination ability, but they will also encounter the beauty of "pick-up"
C.Some seniors need sufficient discrimination if they do not want to be deceived
D.Elderly people are not suitable to participate in investment activities, whether it is the stock market, funds or art investment

c
Chinese parents pay more and more attention to children's reading.Most parents want their children to read more and read well.In 2018, 70.3% of families in a city had the habit of parents accompanying their children to read.The number of books read by parents increased by 1.8 compared with 2017.The percentage of time is also longer than last year; however, the city's per capita reading volume of children's books in 2018 was only 4.72, a decrease of 0.6 percentage points from 2017.
Which of the following, if true, best explains the above phenomenon?
A.In recent years, children's academic burdens have been heavier, and many people who read outside of the classroom are "overwhelmed but not enough"
B.Most post-80s and post-90s parents are highly educated and value the significance of parent-child reading
C.Many children are used to "listening" in parent-child reading, which is not counted in 2018
D.Parents' electronic reading on mobile phones and computers has not been considered in children's book reading

d
Public empowerment: refers to the active participation of the public in the formulation, implementation, evaluation, and supervision of public policies, fully expressing their own interests, and to promote the democratization and scientificization of public policy processes.
The following are public empowerment
A.On the eve of the Ching Ming Festival, some people with the support of the Municipal Civilization Office created a civilized sacrifice sweeping website, calling on the public not to set off firecrackers, burn paper money, and use virtual flowers, electronic candles and other green environmental protection methods.
B.Little courier brother Xiao Li was elected as the deputy to the People's Congress of the city, and based on extensive visits and full investigation, he submitted a proposal on how to protect the rights of courier and promote the healthy development of the courier industry.
C.A city is about to hold a hearing on a natural gas price adjustment.Relevant departments require all streets in the area and neighborhood committees to do a good job of publicity and mobilization, and to promote public representatives in accordance with the assigned quotas to ensure openness and fairness
D.In the process of formulating a county's development plan for the next five years, the county party committee and county government have solicited many valuable opinions by holding resident forums and expert hearings.

c
Information Poverty Alleviation: refers to the use of information technology to solve the economic and cultural poverty problems caused by information occlusion.
The following are information for poverty alleviation
A.A logistics company teamed up with an Internet giant to recruit a group of courier from poor households in remote mountainous areas.After professional training, they took up posts to help them embark on the path of getting rid of poverty and getting rich.
B.A mobile phone manufacturer for the rural market introduced a low-cost, easy-to-operate, smart phone with a large screen and a long standby time.Villagers have replaced their old mobile phones.
C.A key middle school in the provincial capital has set up an online classroom and remotely synchronized live broadcast to a middle school in a poor county, so that teachers and students in both places share high-quality teaching resources.In recent years, the number of students admitted to key universities in the county has increased significantly.
D.Xiao Zhou, who returned home after graduation, took a few classmates to open an online store and sold his own planted red dates online.Sales gradually increased and the days became more and more prosperous.

d
Information anxiety: refers to the negative emotions such as boredom, irritability, and tension caused by people who are difficult to obtain, process, and use the required information surrounded by excessive information.
The following are information anxiety
A.Xiaomin is passionate about entertaining gossip.She always pays attention to Weibo updates.When she sees unread information on her mobile phone, she can't help but click.The time spent browsing information every day is far more than her own working hours.
B.After registering the intention of buying a house with the developer, Mr.Min will receive dozens or even hundreds of calls and information every day, selling houses, decorations, investment, financial management, loans, which makes him overwhelmed.
C.Xiao Xie is addicted to online games, and it is all night long to play.During the daytime, he always thinks about games.Over time, he has developed a serious feeling of learning exhaustion, his mental state is sluggish, and his physical fitness is getting worse and worse.
D.Li checked the information in the foreign language database, and dozens of related papers jumped out every time a keyword was entered.Because of poor English, there is no way to screen, and I don't know which ones I really want to use.I feel that my spirit will soon collapse.Up

b
Non-face-to-face approval: Refers to the relevant departments to accept, review various application materials through online channels, and notify the applicant of the official processing method in a timely manner.
The following do not belong to the non-meeting approval
A.Xiao Li, who lives in the countryside, filled out personal information materials according to the instructions of the local social security website under the guidance of a friend.On the same day, he got his own social security certificate from the village committee.
B.Xiao Zhao sent an e-mail to the mayor's mailbox to report the situation of a company stealing sewage into the river.The involved company was ordered to suspend production and rectification by the environmental protection department.
C.Xiao Wang intends to open a restaurant and submit all the materials on the website of the Municipal Bureau of Industry and Commerce.What was unexpected was that he obtained a business license within one week.
D.According to the staff's prompt, Xiao Ding finished recording the application materials for the real estate certificate on the Internet.After logging on to the website the next day, he found that his materials were incomplete and needed to be resubmitted.

c
Fan filter effect: refers to the psychological phenomenon that young people automatically filter their shortcomings and over-amplify their advantages when they see the objects they worship.
The following are the fan filter effects:
A.Xiao Li loves to watch war dramas.No matter what movies have guns, guns, and troops, they will try to find them and watch them from beginning to end.
B.Five-year-old Xiaogang likes his father very much.In his eyes, his father is an omnipotent and superman.
C.After the news that a famous artist was arrested for taking drugs abroad, fans found a variety of reasons for him on Weibo.
D.A teacher has held many lectures in the "100 lecterns".His class is always packed, and students are crowded with students from various colleges.

a
In terms of informed consent, since the vast majority of subjects without professional knowledge cannot accurately understand the principles of gene therapy, it is difficult to really fully understand the risks they take.Another risk is that many gene therapies are serious Genetic disease that usually requires treatment in the patient's infant or childhood, but the informed consent and choice of whether or not to undergo gene therapy at this time will depend on the parent or guardian.Does the parent or guardian have the right to choose for the patient that may alter its body There is currently no clear consensus on the genes of cells.
This text is intended to emphasize
A.Difficulty in achieving informed consent in gene therapy
B.The particularity of the doctor-patient relationship in gene therapy
C.The particularity of medical risks in gene therapy
D.Divided views on informed consent in gene therapy

c
The guarantee of the independence of national audits determines the degree of implementation of the rule of law in auditing, determines the level of audit quality and the fairness of audit results, and determines whether audits can play their "immune system" function in national governance activities, and then determine the audit anti-corruption Whether the mission can be successfully completed.
The following statements are most similar to the meaning of the line drawing part:
A.Whether the independence of national audit is fully guaranteed or not determines the possibility of achieving the rule of law in auditing
B.Whether the state fully guarantees the independence of audit determines the degree of realization of the audit rule of law
C.Whether the independence of national audit is fully guaranteed determines the degree of realization of the rule of law in auditing
D.Whether the country can fully guarantee the independence of audit determines the possibility of the realization of the rule of audit law

a
Marx is a great man, and he is also a human being with flesh and blood.He loves life, is sincere and simple, and values love.Marx and Engels' revolutionary friendship lasts for 40 years, as Lenin said; "There are various very touching friendships in ancient legends.The story ", but the friendship between Marx and Engels" surpassed all the most touching legends of the ancients about human friendship ".
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Some great men love life and love justice
B.Ancient people's very touching friendships generally do not exceed 40 years
C.Engels also loves life, is sincere and simple, and values love
D.Lenin is also a great man and an ordinary person with flesh and blood

c
In today's society, many elderly people drift away from home to become "old drifters" in order to take care of their children and take care of the next generation.In a recent urban survey, 52.2% of the young people surveyed admitted that their parents are the old drifters, and they and their loved ones Just starting out, the work pressure is high, and there is no time to take care of children and do housework at all.According to this, experts assert that the Laosiao ethnic group in China's cities will further expand.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the views of these experts?
A.Older people have better medical conditions in rural areas than in rural areas
B.Some elderly people are entangled in their homeland and are more willing to live in their hometown
C.The implementation of the national two-child policy will promote more children to be born
D.After the implementation of the two-child policy, the second-child birth rate in urban areas is lower than in rural areas

d
An organ held an employee's autumn track and field sports meeting.It is known that all employees who registered for the sprint competition registered for the shot put, all employees who registered for the long jump competition did not register for the shot put, and those who registered for the high jump competition also registered for the long jump The employees who did not sign up for the high jump competition did not sign up for the long distance running competition.
Based on the above statement, which of the following can be derived?
A.Some employees who have registered for shot put are not registered for sprint competition
B.Some employees who signed up for the high jump competition did not participate in the long distance race
C.All employees who sign up for the long jump competition sign up for the long distance running competition
D.All employees who signed up for the sprint race did not register for the long distance race

a
In the era of the popularity of smartphones, we send and receive messages every day.Electronic information exchange between people has become a unique way of communication in today's era.When facing important people or relationships, many people often send messages Later, they look forward to being returned, if not, they will have a sense of suspicion or abandonment, and they will fall into deep trouble and anxiety.
Which of the following is most likely the assumption they need to fall into deep trouble and anxiety?
A.The current technology has been able to achieve instant communication with smart phones, convenient and fast, and basically free of charge.
B.Some chat software can feedback the message in the sender's mobile phone whether the receiver has read the message
C.Some people are very busy at work, and they are used to processing related information after a busy day
D.Some people receive too much information a day, and it is easy to miss important information that someone expects to return in seconds

d
Climate immigration: refers to the phenomenon of large-scale migration due to the deterioration of the climate and the natural environment, people cannot continue to live in their original place of residence.
The following are climate migrants
A.In order to restore the grassland ecosystem and protect natural pastures, the formerly scattered herdsmen have been relocated to a unified planned settlement
B.Every winter, in order to avoid the severe cold, batches of elderly people in the Northeast rushed to Hainan, where the climate is warm, to winter
C.Long-term drought in some parts of Africa, with crops failing for many years, local residents have left their homes one after another, looking for new places to live
D.With global warming, sea levels are gradually rising, many islands are flooded with seawater, and residents on the island are forced to relocate

c
Word-of-mouth marketing: refers to the use of effective methods to allow consumers to introduce the company's products, services or the overall image between friends and family, recommended marketing methods.
The following are word of mouth marketing
A.Xiao Zhang is a beauty expert.His family is full of all kinds of cosmetics.He also often takes pictures in his WeChat circle of friends and recommends his favorite cosmetics to relatives and friends.
B.In order to make a small town a tourist town, the Municipal Tourism Administration asked the cultural communication company to carefully plan a creative advertisement, which attracted widespread public attention, and the unknown town became famous
C.After Auntie Li bought a physiotherapy device, she publishes her own use process in the circle of friends with pictures and pictures every day.After winning thousands of likes, she changed back to a health pillow at the physiotherapy company.
D.A shopping mall released holiday promotion information on TV half a month ago, and also hired many retired grandparents to distribute small promotional advertisements in various districts.On the day of the festival, employees and their families lined up a 100-meter queue at the mall entrance.

b
"One-door" government service: Refers to the convenience of the masses, focusing on matters that would otherwise have to be run by multiple government departments in one service center or simplified service activities in one window.
The following are "one-stop" government services:
A.A city has established a comprehensive social governance cloud platform to push the social problems found in multiple channels to the corresponding functional departments in accordance with standardized procedures, clarify the responsible person and solve them within a limited time, avoiding the push between the departments.
B.A city has recently established a service station for people with disabilities.Previously, people who applied for living allowances had to bring an application form to the disability federations at all levels for approval and stamping.And done
C.In order to solve the problem of difficult medical treatment for patients, the city hospital opened a convenience clinic on the first floor and selected a group of doctors with excellent medical skills.Patients can complete the entire process of registration, consultation, payment, and medication collection.
D.School-age children with non-local household registration in a city used to submit guardian, housing, work certification and other materials on-site in the past.Now as long as they pass the online registration system designed by the education department, they can submit all the materials in one click.

c
New things, such as bike sharing and car sharing, are emerging like a tide.In response to this, at the third regular press conference of the Ministry of Transport in 2017, a spokesperson stated that it encourages the support of bike sharing as an innovative way of Internet + transportation, Government departments should strengthen norms and guidance, enterprises must assume management responsibilities, improve service levels, and the public must travel civilized to jointly promote the development of shared bicycles.The shared vehicle is essentially a leasing category, and all places are encouraged to adhere to the priority development strategy of public transportation.Research and explore the reasonable positioning of shared cars in local urban transportation.
Reasonable positioning in urban transportation refers to:
A.Problems with bike sharing and car sharing
B.How can government departments encourage innovative ways to support bike sharing?
C.The positioning of shared cars in urban transportation
D.Ministry of Transport's attitude towards bike sharing and car sharing

b
Standards are the fruit of the progress of human civilization.From ancient China's "cars on the same track, books and texts" to modern industrial large-scale production, there are vivid and standardized practices.With the in-depth development of economic globalization, standardization facilitates economic and trade exchanges and supports The role of industry development in promoting scientific and technological progress and regulating social governance has become increasingly prominent.To work together to build a community of shared destiny in cyberspace, we must also improve the rule system to form a "universal language" interconnected, regulated and coordinated development.
The most accurate summary of the theme of the paragraph is:
A.How to Improve the Cyberspace Rule System
B.The specific role of standardization
C.Reasons for building a community of shared destiny in cyberspace
D.Approaches to standardization

c
In the current situation, even if we are to act in accordance with the law, we need to consider more social influences; we must not turn "demolition in accordance with the law" into beating the masses, which not only puts ourselves into a passive state, but also pays the price of loss of credibility.The government's reliance is relied on for decades of good cadres such as Jiao Yulu, Gu Wenchang, and Yang Shanzhou.Such trust cannot be lost in the violence of three or five law enforcement officers.
The most accurate summary of this text is:
A.Only good cadres can get the support and dependence of ordinary people
B.Law must be adhered to, and social impact must also be considered
C.Don't let violent law enforcement erode the credibility
D.Loss of public trust is not conducive to social development

c
With the development of society and the advancement of science and technology, linguistics and literature have gradually separated.First, language teaching that has many professional needs in society has become independent.It has become a professional university with the main purpose of language teaching and language research, such as Beijing Foreign Studies University, Beijing Language Universities, nowadays, Confucius Institutes all over the world also belong to this type of school.Secondly, with the invention and development of recording technology, map analysis technology, and computer technology, linguistics has rapidly developed into a special laboratory that needs to be built with various voices.New engineering disciplines of instruments and professional engineering technicians.Today, emerging linguistics is widely used in high-tech fields such as medicine, physiology, psychology, genetics and genetics, a criminal investigation, language recognition, automatic control, and intelligent manufacturing.
According to this text, the following is true:
A.Literature is not as powerful as a language today
B.No distinction between languages and literature
C.Linguistics and literature should be treated differently
D.Social development and technological progress cannot be separated from the development of linguistics

b
Cotton flower, commonly known as grass flower, is a flower that blooms before cotton is formed into a cotton peach.It has been abandoned as a by-product of the cotton industry.Scientific and technical personnel of the Xinjiang Institute of Physical and Chemical Technology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences found that cotton was systematically analyzed during the chemical composition analysis of cotton flowers.Flowers are rich in flavonoids and have a good effect in treating dementia.They use modern technology to extract flavonoids from cotton flowers and make them in small doses with obvious medicinal effects."Flavone tablets" for the treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease.In June 2014, Xinjiang's first Chinese medicine category 5 new drug clinical trial was approved.
The most accurate summary of this text is:
A.Flavonoids help treat mild to moderate Alzheimer's
B.Chinese scientists turn waste into treasure and discover the new value for cotton flowers
C."Cotton Flower Total Flavonoid Tablets" Approved in Xinjiang's First Chinese Medicine Class 5 New Drug Clinical Trial
D.Chinese scientists extract cotton medicine for treating moderate dementia and successfully transfer pharmaceutical companies

c
The falsification of environmental protection data has become a chain of benefits.Although the company is the first responsible party for fraud, obviously the board should not only focus on the companies involved.The "pot" of corporate environmental data fraud should not be directly operated only by the companies involved The personnel came and the commander behind the scenes should also be included in the law enforcement vision.In addition, whether the local environmental protection department "opened one eye and closed one eye" due to the data "bleaching" consideration, how big are the equipment manufacturers and operation and maintenance units? To a certain extent, it "cooperates" with the "counterfeit customization" of the enterprise, which should also be paid attention to.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Systematic environmental data fraud
B.Crackdown on environmental data fraud should not only punish the companies involved
C.Eliminating environmental protection data fraud requires a full chain crackdown
D.Local environmental protection departments bleach environmental data for political performance

c
No sound, even the best pictures will be "no sense".Talking is an art that reflects the traces of history and tradition.In the past, vendors selling goods along the street often chose to yell."Scream" is not only about business and vitality."Small building listens to spring rain all night, and the deep lane sells apricot flowers in the Ming dynasty." The interweaving of the voice of nature and the voice of the market has also achieved that the chills can break the silence, the laughter can wash away the embarrassment, and the words can resolve the contradiction.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.What song to sing at the mountain
B.Three-inch non-rotten tongue is better than a million teachers
C.Say one more thing to dispel "silent indifference"
D.Silence is not necessarily better than sound

a
Compared to the complexity of social life, the diet of primates may better predict their brain capacity.This study, published in Nature-Ecology and Evolution, is by far the largest of its kind in the analysis, and it is currently Questions have been raised about why humans and some primates have evolved larger brains than most animals.After considering the evolutionary kinship and size of each species, the authors found that fruit-eating primates There are more brain tissues than primates that eat plant leaves.Although the author's analysis failed to explain why eating fruit brings a larger brain, they believe that this may be caused by cognitive needs (and memory of fruit location, artisanal Extraction of flesh) and calorie reward (ingestion of calorie-rich fruits instead of calorie-depleted plant leaves).
Consistent with the meaning of this text:
A.Diet may have an inevitable link to primate brain capacity
B.The hypothesis that many primates have evolved the larger brains of most animals has no value
C.It is clear why the brain tissue of primates that eat fruit is more than that of primates that eat plant leaves
D.The complexity of social life does not predict primate brain capacity

b
Fogelstein et al.Published an article in the journal Science in January 2015 saying that the difference in cancer risk in human tissues can be explained by errors that occur when stem cells divide, the so-called "bad luck".Cancer gene mutations are the result of "bad luck," and another third is due to genetic and environmental factors.A review article distributed by Science magazine said that the debate on the "bad luck" theory of cancer is expected to continue Some experts believe that this study does not mean to deny the importance of preventing cancer by improving the environment and lifestyle, and the British Cancer Research Association believes that cancer cases can be prevented.
What does not match the meaning of this text is:
A.The interpretation of "bad luck" is not a panacea, but also has some scientific reason
B.Abandoning treatment for cancer patients is a rational act
C.The academic community about the "bad luck" of cancer has been mixed, and no conclusion has yet been reached
D.Cancer cases are not all preventable

d
Face recognition technology has gradually penetrated into the trend of social life, and many people have even made face recognition universal.In fact, there may still be risks and loopholes behind high-tech applications.Although according to conventional views, the higher the technological content, the more its The safety factor is also usually higher, but as shown in the 3.15 party, with the development of science and technology, high-tech means such as simulation hoods, holographic projection, and face tracking continue to appear, and single face recognition technology has great potential.Limitations, there is no absolute security concept to say.Therefore, when using high-level security scenarios involving privacy, payment, etc., pay attention to merging human faces with voiceprints, fingerprints, irises and other biometric authentication signals, not a single With face recognition technology, the coefficient of security will be greatly improved.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Face recognition technology has become a social trend
B.Face recognition technology has great limitations
C.There will also be problems behind high-tech products
D.Multiple authentication methods help improve the safety factor

d
The spirit of basic science lies in poor reasoning.Basic science research requires hard training and requires in-depth perspectives to have new results and good ideas.Therefore, basic science research does not have a chance of success without long-term commitment.Some people think that instead of working so hard, it is better to wait for others to do basic science research and use it.But those who hold this view forget one thing: only the theories that they realize can best understand their strengths and strengths, The essence can be applied with ease.To establish the spirit of poor reasoning also requires the nourishment of philosophy.After all, scientists are also flesh and blood, with the support of philosophical spirit and accomplishment, in order to shape the temperament and will of scientists.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Basic scientific research is of great significance
B.Dedication in basic scientific research
C.The essence of basic science is poverty
D.Basic scientific research needs the nourishment of philosophy

a
Some people doubt that ancient poetry and writing an account for a small proportion of the text of the college entrance examination.Why should students spend so much time memorizing? Treating traditional culture with an "examination mentality" will inevitably lead to "cost-effective" confusion.We revisit those The poetic texts passed down from generation to generation are not because they are about to disappear and are about to be destroyed, nor because we worry about the ancients and love the old and the old, but because they describe the spiritual pursuit unique to our nation, the humanistic spirit and the power of wisdom.The endless cultural nourishment is our spiritual support for rejuvenation.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.We need to draw spiritual strength from traditional cultural hometowns
B.Poetry is the cultural imprint of the past and present
C.It is necessary to write ancient poems silently
D.The poetic heart is personal and poetic is common

c
Thanks to his contributions to science popularization and scientific communication, Dr.Zheng Yongchun of the National Astronomical Observatory of the Chinese Academy of Sciences won the Carl Sagan Award from the Planetary Science Division of the American Astronomical Society some time ago.Friends have talked about: What exactly is the science popularization work of Chinese scientists? Observation and reflection tell us that Chinese science popularization work is actually not too much, but too little; not well done, but not enough; not stronger than, and It is lost to its peers in the world, at least much worse than developed countries.
The author is most likely to tell next:
A.Reasons why China has less science popularization than developed countries
B.The reality of Chinese science popularization
C.The importance of science
D.Improve the way Chinese scientists are not keen on science

d
According to statistics, the number of children in China is 230 million, accounting for the total population of the country.In the future, it will be affected by the "two-child policy".The number of children will increase and the market for children's medicines has great potential.However, the domestic market for children's medicines has a large share.Occupied by a few foreign companies such as Wyeth, Roche, Bristol-Myers Squibb, etc.Developed countries have corresponding policy support in the development of children's special drugs, clinical trials, etc., and provide tax, patent, market and research funding to pharmaceutical companies And other preferential measures.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.The domestic child medication medical market has great potential
B.The domestic child medication medical market is basically monopolized by foreign companies
C.Developed countries support the development of children's medicines through various measures
D.China needs to formulate corresponding policies to support the child medication medical market

b
Most mutations that occur in nature are harmful or neutral.Popularly speaking, they are "useless", and mutations that bring benefits to organisms are extremely rare.However, in the process of biological evolution, there is no almighty God or self-righteousness.The elite of the world, at the time of each mutation, the organism does not know whether the mutation is useful, and only after it changes the phenotypic characteristics of the organism, it will be subject to natural selection.When the organism, especially the most tenacious on the earth, When creatures are in trouble, they will increase the chance of beneficial mutations by increasing the mutation rate, that is, increasing the chance of solving difficulties.
The most accurate summary of this text is:
A.Most mutations in nature are "useless"
B.The organism will produce appropriate mutations according to its actual situation
C.Nature is colorful because it tolerates countless "useless" mutations
D.Humans should help the natural world to eliminate "useless" mutations, thereby enriching the natural ecology

a
Marina Le Pen, chairman of the far-right party National Front, who has voted for the French presidential election, defines her economic policy as "wisdom protectionism" and claims to restore the glory of "Made in France" through tall walls.On the other side of the Atlantic Ocean, At the moment, the taste of protectionism in American politics is also very strong.Communists in Congress are trying to establish a "border adjustment" system, which means that imports are taxed and exports are exempted.There are even people who plan to start a trade war.Calculating the loss-benefit ratio.There is no other area that can make politicians and economists so much different like trade.
As can be seen from this text, the author's attitude towards "witty protectionism" is:
A.against
B.Agree
C.Neutrality
D.No attitude

c
With the multi-polarization of the world and the deepening development of economic globalization, the issue of global governance has become another important international topic.Countries around the world are facing multiple issues that need to be solved together, and the demand for governance has risen.However, due to constant gaps among large countries, coordination capabilities have weakened.In the past, the European and American countries, which were the main solvers of global problems, had their own problems and seemed powerless.In this situation, the world expects China to make a difference.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Global governance issues, national responsibility
B.Global governance issues
C.Global governance issues, China is entering the center of the world stage
D.Global governance issues that urgently need to be addressed

b
Unlike Go, which has a winning and losing relationship, it can be quantified to a certain extent.The beauty of the language and rich human inner world displayed by poetry can never be quantified and standardized.Artificial intelligence can go far in "reading" Far beyond all poets, it is able to identify which words are high-frequency, and can compose a poem according to the basic rules of poetry, but this combination is not creation.In this sense, it is indistinguishable that bad works and robot writing If you mix Du Fu's poems with robotic poems, it will definitely be easy to distinguish.
For the creation of artificial intelligence, the author's opinion is:
A.The quality of works created by artificial intelligence will exceed those of humans
B.The creation of artificial intelligence has not yet quantified and standardized the human inner world
C.The creation of artificial intelligence is not enough to compete with human works
D.The creative prospects of artificial intelligence are infinitely good

c
China's current water dilemma not only has serious water pollution, but also serious water shortages.China is still in the industrialization stage, and the pressure to reduce water demand and pollutant emissions is obviously very difficult to manage.No matter how difficult it is, there is no retreat for water treatment, because "let the people drink clean water" is the government's commitment to the people.In fact, the goal of water treatment is not only to let people drink clean water, but also to make the whole Ecosystem are drinking clean water.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The reality of water pollution and water shortage in China
B.Reasons for the difficulty of governance
C.The need for water management
D.Vision for Water Management

d
The construction workers on the scaffolding, the courier in the cold wind, the restaurant waiters who are busy and busy, and the sanitation workers who add glory to the city construction, "there are rivers in the low bones." Concerns about these may be drowned in "big words" Individuals, with their emotions, face up to the problem and continuously improve the level of social governance.I believe that in a large country of migrant workers, we can embark on a more peaceful, safer and juster way of protecting the rights and interests, so that they can smile.With dignity, sowing hope, and heading for tomorrow.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Law is an important weapon for rights protection, and disputes over the rights and interests of migrant workers should be included in the rule of law.
B.Migrant workers participate in the operating system of social governance
C.The road to the protection of migrant workers' rights is difficult
D.Multi-dimensional, all-round, and whole-process "empowerment" of migrant workers

b
When Xunzi first exported, the name was a lengthy term explanation.Over time, Xunzi was well known and loved by people in many countries and returned to her own name "zongzi".Similar to Erhu, Taiji, Facebook, Yin and Yang , Mapo tofu and other things with a strong "Chinese style" have also experienced step by step from free translation to transliteration.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Things with strong "Chinese style" are more suitable for a free translation
B.International recognition of culture has always been silent
C.Promoting Chinese traditional culture requires cultural self-confidence
D.Cross-border cultural exchange is a round trip ticket that knows oneself and the other

c
The "hormonal economy" under "Internet +" has fueled the live broadcast industry.Accompanying local fans with a lot of money and a lot of money to buy laughs, it is the legend that ugly ducklings turn into swans and become rich overnight, so that beauty, beauty, and capital are rushing, but It should also be within the allowable range of laws and regulations and moral ethics.If you are not sure, the problem will come.From the initial "mainly look at temperament" to today's main courage, using "live broadcast to make people" as a sign, " The "boring economy" and "hormonal economy" have vulgarization and shameless risks.It is inevitable that they will be criticized by the public and even punished by law.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.The Dilemma of Webcasting
B.Reasons for the popularity of webcasts
C.Webcasting requires self-discipline and more discipline
D.Social impact of webcasting

a
The researchers asked volunteers to stare at a small dot on the screen in a dark room for a long time while using infrared cameras to track the eye movements and blinks of the volunteers in real-time.Each time the volunteer blinked, the small dot turned to the right Move one centimeter.Volunteers said afterward that they did not notice this slight change.After about 30 blinks, the volunteers' eyes adjusted to the synchronous movement of the small dots, and they could automatically shift to the new small dots after the blink.
The text is intended to show:
A.Blink can stabilize the sight
B.Eye movements are affected by factors such as noise and will not cause instability of vision
C.The eyeball turns when blinking, and the eyeball always returns to the position when the eyes reopened
D.The brain cannot tell the difference between what people see before and after blinking

b
From a global perspective, the mobile Internet is developing rapidly, big data applications are irresistible, and the protection of personal information and privacy has become a global and industrial challenge.China is one of the most active Internet activities in the world.Massive personal information is constantly flowing on the optical fiber network and the invisible 4G network.Creating a legal environment that protects personal information and a law enforcement environment is the foundation of industrial prosperity and user safety.From this perspective, breakthroughs Enforcement bottlenecks and ensuring the security of personal information in the era of big data have important implications for individuals, society and the country.
This text mainly emphasizes:
A.Background for ensuring the security of personal information in the era of big data
B.Significance of ensuring personal information security in the era of big data
C.Challenges to Personal Information Security in the Big Data Era
D.Measures to ensure the security of personal information in the era of big data

a
There are four bookstores in the city of A.B, and D.Among them, all the books in A and B can be found in B and B.Books sold in B and B must also be sold in C and B, and some books in C and B are also sold in D.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Some books in A bookstore can be found in B bookstore
B.Some books in B Bookstore can be found in Ding Bookstore
C.All the books in Ding Bookstore can be found in B Bookstore
D.All books in Bookstore A can be found in Bookstore C

d
There are four people, they are thieves, robbers, judges, police.The first said: "The second is not a thief." The second said: "The third is the police." The third said: "The Four people are not judges, "said the fourth." I'm not a policeman, and only the police other than me can tell the truth."
If the fourth person is telling the truth, then the following is true:
A.The first person is the police and the second is a thief
B.The first is a thief and the fourth is a judge
C.The third person is the police and the fourth person is the judge
D.The second person is a robber and the third person is a thief

a
Xiao Li said: "I passed all the exams this time and got a motor vehicle driving license." If Xiao Li said not
In fact, the following options must be correct:
A.Xiao Li failed at least one of the subjects
B.Xiao Li failed the exam in only one subject
C.Xiao Li failed at most in one subject
D.Xiao Li failed all exams

c
Among the employees of a software company, there are three Cantonese, one Beijinger, and three northerners.Four people are only responsible for software development and two people are only responsible for product sales.
If the above description involves all employees of the company, the employees of the company:
A.The minimum may be 7 people, and the maximum may be 12 people
B.The minimum may be 7 people, and the maximum may be 13 people
C.The minimum may be 6 people, and the maximum may be 12 people
D.May be at least 6 people, and may be up to 13 people

b
All senior students in criminal investigation majors have become police officers after graduation.Some police officers are party members.
None of the four students were police officers.
A.Some party members are graduates of the criminal investigation
B.Some party members are not senior students in the criminal investigation
C.Some senior students in criminal investigation are party members
D.Some senior students in criminal investigation are not party members

c
, A college will implement independent enrollment this year.After discussions in the school, it will give priority to those candidates with high comprehensive quality, rather than the admissions of candidates based on the test scores of most colleges.
The most prerequisites for this decision of this college are:
A.Candidates with low comprehensive quality are not good students
B.The overall quality of each candidate is different
C.There are feasible methods to judge the comprehensive quality of candidates
D.Candidates with high scores in written tests are not necessarily good students

a
Confucius said, "Don't do anything to others."
Which of the following is not the logical reasoning of the above sentence:
A.Give to others if you want
B.Can only be given to others if they desire
C.Do nothing to others unless you want
D.Everything to others should be what you want

d
The purpose of advertising is to convince consumers that the products they buy value for money, and no merchant will deliberately emphasize the high price of their products.
Which of the following, if true, would strengthen the above assertion:
A.Consumers think cheap is not good, good is not cheap
B.Advertising can stimulate consumers' desire to buy
C.Advertising can convince consumers to buy cheap products
D.Advertising can convince consumers to buy good quality goods

c
Xiaoming has to go to school outside the school every weekend, and Xiaoqiang has never taken an English tuition class.As a result, this final exam, Xiaoming and Xiaoqiang scored 95 and 55 respectively.Therefore, Xiaoming's English score The reason why is better than Xiaoqiang is because of attending an off-school cram school.
Which of the following is true if it is the most difficult to weaken the above assertion:
A.Teachers in English tuition classes are not too serious
B.Xiao Hong and Xiao Ming attended the English tuition class at the same time.
C.In the last English exam, Xiaoming and Xiaoqiang scored 99 and 39 respectively.
D.Xiaogang has not attended an English tuition class.He scored 80 points in English this time.

d
Computer programmers who work on the computer screen for a long time are susceptible to myopia.In order to help these people prevent and relieve myopia, the company has issued brochures for employees to teach you some methods to prevent and treat myopia.
If one of the following is true, the effect of the above publicity can be questioned most:
A.People who do not often work with computers may also suffer from myopia
B.Methods for preventing and treating myopia vary from person to person
C.Ophthalmologist guidance for the prevention and treatment of myopia
D.Myopia is difficult to self-prevent and treat

b
The extinction of dinosaurs about 65 million years ago is generally thought to be due to the devastating consequences of asteroids hitting the Yucatan Peninsula, and only a few surviving small mammals have continued to breed since then.Many new species have emerged, replacing once Space occupied by dinosaurs, some of which become huge.In the Americas, this "large fauna" includes giant sloths, camels and llamas, as well as a variety of bison, elk, cattle, giant beavers, mammoths And mastodons.Before these herbivores came out, during the past 65 million years, some terrible predators existed on the earth, including giant short-faced bears weighing two tons, a lion, and several saber-toothed tigers.And giant dire wolves.In Europe, there have been countless species of woolly mammoths, cave bears, giant elk and other species.As for other continents, spectacular hairy giants have also appeared.
The text is intended to explain:
A.The world inhabited by early human ancestors was dominated by large mammals
B.The world inhabited by early human ancestors was dominated by large mammals
C.There is no trace of human activity in the early world dominated by mammals
D.Humans have always been accompanied by animals, including large mammals

a
When many people browse the Internet, once they encounter the content inside, the first thing is to find the two-dimensional code for forwarding, quickly scan the mobile phone, collect it, and share it at any time.This has become a prescriptive action without imagination.On social media, negative emotions are often triggered by reposted content, such as jealousy, slowness, and even anger, and the more extreme the controversial views and claims, the easier it is to be reposted.Wharton professors find that anger is high Social media is easily topped by shared emotions.A study of Chinese microblogging services found that the spread of furious emotions is faster than happiness, sorrow and disgust.Conditional "forwarding" makes people an indiscriminate echo worm, Fewer and fewer independent deep thoughts.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.The "negative repost" of social media
B."Anger Forward" on social media
C.Inexplicable "repost" of social media
D.Deep thinking on "repost" of social media

a
As a leader, intelligence alone is not enough.People are social animals with emotions.The evaluation of leaders often has a strong subjective color.Leaders with high IQ tend to abstract expressions, which is difficult to communicate with Subordinates build consensus, while those who are charismatic and storytellers can get evaluations beyond their actual performance.
The text is intended to show:
A.Leader's IQ is as important as EQ
B.Leaders with high IQ have difficulty establishing consensus with their subordinates
C.Leader's emotional intelligence is more important
D.Leaders with high emotional intelligence can get evaluations beyond their actual performance

b
In China, perhaps not every elderly person can accept a nursing home as the home of their lives.It seems that as long as there are children around, they should live with them.Going to a nursing home is a helpless choice.It is also not that we always say "raising children to prevent old age" In our conception, for generations to come together, children and grandchildren are probably considered to be the happiest way of life in Canada.Life in Canada is quite different: as long as children move out as adults, they have to move even if they don't move.Pay the rent to the parents, and the two generations will have their own separate lives.Once they became grandparents, the joy and excitement of the old people is not less than half as bad as our Chinese grandson, but even if we have a hard time, They also do nt help their children grandchildren from morning to night.From this text
It can be seen that the author's attitude towards the concept of elderly care in China and Canada is:
A.Agreeing with the elderly in China
B.In favour of the elderly in Canada
C.Both Chinese and Canadian elderly support the concept
D.disagree with the concept of elderly care in China and Canada

d
"Operation Red Sea" aroused strong feelings of the viewers, especially whether national lives could be rescued in a timely and effective manner when the lives of their citizens were threatened.The army is a fist of national interest, a special support and guarantee that reflects the image of the country and achieves national dignity In Operation Red Sea, from the style of a great power, moral responsibility, national shields, weapons and equipment, and the comprehensive quality of a new generation of Chinese soldiers, they are well displayed and interpreted, giving the audience a strong spiritual infection and aesthetic enjoyment.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.The quality of domestic military movie production is getting higher and higher
B.Domestic military films should go to the international market
C.Domestic military movies can trigger strong mental infection and aesthetic enjoyment for viewers
D.Domestic military movies can show the image of a great country, moral responsibility, etc.

d
On the one hand, due to intelligent trends such as artificial intelligence and robots, it will further reduce the proportion of labor costs in the total manufacturing investment, thereby accelerating the weakening of China's factor low-cost advantage; on the other hand, developed countries use their first-mover advantage in the industrial revolution.Advantages, and continuously strengthen its high-end position in the global competitive advantage and value chain.If China cannot quickly adapt to the new industrial revolution, due to intelligent manufacturing technology will cause socio-economic disruption and revolutionary changes, the technological gap between China and foreign countries may Further expansion may also inhibit the transformation and upgrading of China's industry and block the original strict industry catch-up path, which is not conducive to China's manufacturing industry to climb to the high end of the global value chain.
The text is intended to explain:
A.China is at a later disadvantage in the new industrial revolution
B.Developed countries have first-mover advantage in the new industrial revolution
C.Problems existing in China's manufacturing industry
D.Challenges of the Industrial Revolution to Chinese Manufacturing

b
Fresh fish meat is delicious and nutritious, but the fish has low-fat content, high water content, difficult to save, and easy to spoil.Once dehydrated and dead, it is easily affected by bacteria and quickly decomposes to produce trimethylamine and piperidine.Trimethylamine is Gas, easily soluble in water; piperidine is liquid with ammonia smell.So many people think of fishy smell when it comes to fish.There is a kind of greasy catfish in Italian cuisine.After fermentation, the smell is very strong, but many people I like it.It is used in mixing salad dressings to make pasta sauce.It is often seen that it should be a distant relative of ancient Greek and Roman seasoning fish sauce (Garum).
The text is intended to explain:
A.Italians like heavy-smelling greasy catfish
B.How does the fish smell
C.Different people have a different cultural identity on the smell of fish
D.Many people are more sensitive to the stench of fish

a
It should be seen that the first obstacle to socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era is to cross the transition point of development mode, economic structure, growth momentum, innovation-driven comprehensive transformation, and opening up and promoting progress is not only an important means for China to become a modern powerful country, but also the fundamental way out.Although the goal of building an innovative country and creating a new pattern of comprehensive opening-up cannot be achieved overnight, whether it can become a world's scientific and technological power and can form an internal and external linkage between the land and the sea.The big question of whether a strong country can be built.
The text is intended to show:
A.Innovation and opening up together constitute the key points of strategic support for building a modern economic system
B.The primary task of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era is to cross the transition barriers of development mode, economic structure, and growth momentum
C.The goal of building an innovative country and a new pattern of comprehensive openness might have been profitable
D.Innovation is a prerequisite for leading development, and openness is an important means of bringing progress

c
How the controversial mode of daily conversation affects people's perception of the truth of observation will be studied experimentally by experts in the field of cognitive psychology and experimental philosophy.Through experiments, we find that the more we argue for the victory, the more we will The more we feel that there is a single correct answer and all other answers are wrong; on the contrary, the more we argue for learning, the more we feel that there is no single objective truth, and different answers may equally is correct.
The text is intended to show:
A.The more we argue for learning, the more we look at the problem.
B.The more we argue about winning, the more subjective we are to the problem
C.Two different modes of debate affect people's perception of objective truth
D.The everyday conversation has two modes of argument: "arguing for victory" and "arguing for learning"

d
"Only by integrating the ideal of life into the cause of the country and the nation can we finally achieve a cause." This is by no means an empty slogan.From the volunteer action of the Wenchuan earthquake to the torch relay of the Beijing Olympics, from anti-Xinjiang independence to Tibetan independence Shocking roar, to the youth of the Belt and Road, this generation of young people has a strong sense of national self-confidence and national honor, and the times also require us to carry the heavy responsibility of national rejuvenation with a solid shoulder.Whether it is in the ivory tower The young college students are still young village officials who are rooted at the grassroots level, or the little brother who is a courier who travels through the small streets.As long as he is doing his job well, isn't he adding to the country and home? Putting personal dreams into the torrent of the times and making it flourish Youth and homeland resonance resonate, and we can certainly "shoulder the responsibility of the middle class", making people's life more colorful.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.The background of youth is always struggle
B.Let youth be inspired by dreams
C.Make youth wonderful through hard work
D.Devotion is heavy in youth

a
Although we can not control the dust caused by the volcanic eruption, we can travel green and reduce electricity consumption, which can reduce the particulate matter brought by coal combustion and fuel oil.In addition, we can plant more trees and flowers, which can not only absorb PM2 .5 and other particles can also beautify the environment.PM2.5 is not so scary.I believe that as long as everyone works hard to make a contribution to the environment, take off masks and breathe fresh air is no fantasy!
This paragraph or word is intended to indicate:
A.As long as everyone works hard to contribute to the environment, PM2.5 is not so scary
B.Preventing PM2.5 pollution requires the most fundamental prevention measures
C.The source of reducing PM2.5 from the source is the most fundamental means of prevention
D.Preventing PM2.5 pollution must address both symptoms and causes

b
We will implement special actions for technological transformation, and strive to make industrial-technological transformation investment account for more than 25% of industrial investment throughout the year, drive industrial investment to complete 120 million yuan, and promote the development of traditional advantageous industries to high-end, intelligent, green, and personalized directions.Nonferrous industry resource integration, asset reorganization and deep processing, support Jiangtong Copper Group to build a world-class enterprise with global competitiveness, optimize the layout of the steel, copper, and building materials industries, and enhance the deep processing capabilities of the petrochemical industry.Speed up the promotion of video, ceramics, furniture, textiles and clothing And other industries to transform and upgrade, build Jiangxi light industry superior brand, vigorously promote the spirit of model workers, craftsmanship, cultivate more "Ganxi artisans", and reshape the "Made in Jiangxi" glory.
The most suitable for this text title is:
A.Vigorously promote the spirit of model workers and craftsmen
B.Promote the optimization and upgrading of traditional industries
C.Implementation of special actions for technological transformation
D.Build a world-class company

a
The so-called beauty of small things is also sensitive to such small things.Although they are small, they are willing to stay.Sometimes the villages, landscapes, old-time town culture, old traditions ...their existence is right A reminder from urban people, remind yourself not to go too fast-busy, is the death of the heart.Sun Li has a saying: "The article is extreme, there is no strangeness, it is just right; character is extreme, no "It's different, but it's the nature." This is exactly the same as nature.Isn't it also a reminder to busy urban people who have lost their patience?
The text is intended to show:
A.The beauty of micro things reminds urban people not to be too busy
B.Although small things, urban people are willing to stay for them
C.The things that are considered beautiful are so fragile that they cannot afford to be visited and disturbed again and again
D.Exactly and naturally, it is a reminder to urban people who are too busy and patient

c
Today, we are almost living in a highly formatted era.When traveling, we must chase various strategies, shopping and consumption should refer to various lists.The originally personal life and reading methods are also controlled by various labels.One thousand people, "personality" is similar to everyone, "chicken soup" can be seen at a glance, and it is also a common illness of our time.Find yourself in repetition and reposting, rather than using your own feelings, senses, thoughts, and Take actions to connect with this world and get involved in real life.Lost the authentic closeness and unique feeling, lost the simplicity and sincerity, the soul is thin like a piece of paper, and the mind is empty and empty, and the reader will naturally not like it.Good prose is hard to find.After all, it is still the question of the author.
The text is intended to show:
A.The lack of good prose is due to the lack of ordinary text and the lack of vivid and interesting writers
B.The lack of good prose is due to lack of sincerity, and the value of prose is first and foremost a true word
C.The lack of good prose is because the writer is not full
D.The lack of good prose is due to the loss of readers

b
In contemporary China, both state-owned enterprises and private enterprises bear economic, social and political responsibilities.Some people may wonder: Why do private enterprises shoulder political responsibilities? This requires understanding what politics is.First, Chinese private enterprises It is a product of the socialist system with Chinese characteristics, an organic part of the socialist economy with Chinese characteristics, and has a natural political gene.Second, in contemporary China, the biggest politics is people's livelihood, and all people's livelihood is politics.Not to mention those involving Enterprises in the fields of national economic security, national defense security, cybersecurity, ecological security, etc.At the same time, any enterprise that wants to be better and stronger must also have a large market.In China, consciously integrating and serving the national development strategy is to expand the market.The most reliable guarantee is that there is almost no Chinese company that has a certain size and a certain market share that does not involve the national economy and people's livelihood and does not involve national development strategies.
The text is intended to show:
A.The company needs a big picture
B.Enterprises must have a big responsibility
C.Enterprises need a big vision
D.Enterprises have big feelings

d
In the eyes of ordinary people, literature can transcend time and space and spread for thousands of years.As for certain science, it is difficult to be popular for a long time due to its time limitation and other reasons.Tang Poems and Songs are still widely spread to people today, and a few people in China remember China What are the important achievements of the development of science and technology during the Tang and Song dynasties? Of course, in ancient China, including modern times, science and technology are far from developed, and science seems farther away from an epidemic.But even in the scientifically developed western world, the popularity of science and its Literature and art cannot be compared.Although the European Renaissance is not only a cultural revolution, a revolution in ideas, it is also a scientific revolution.With the birth of a large number of scientific achievements, there are not many learners.To make science popular requires tolerance Social environment and more talent.
The text is intended to show:
A.Literature is more vital than science
B.Literature is always more popular than science
C.Science is more popular than literature
D.Science and literature can be equally popular

d
The linden tree has the characteristics of easy survival, long life, strong sprout ability, easy to pruning, and developed roots with staggered roots.The golden yellow small linden tree seeds can grow into such a plant after decades.The towering big tree has to be unsurprising.From the Buddhist point of view, the bodhi tree is the tree of consciousness, the tree of great wisdom and virtue, and it is the designated "holy tree" of the Buddhist department.The people of Xishuangbanna believe in Theravada Buddhism.The bodhi tree is very respectful and devout, and it has the custom of prohibiting the felling of the bodhi tree.In the Shuangshuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden, sometimes there are loops of rope wrapped around the bodhi trunk, which is the prayer of Buddhist believers.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Biological characteristics of a bitter tree
B.The ornamental value of the linden tree
C.Buddhist belief in linden
D.Bodhi tree characteristics and Buddhist beliefs

c
33.The results of the study surprisingly show that among all 14 assessments, there were 13 differences between the children using the baby's multimedia reading products and the control group.The problem is mainly that in the age range between 9 and 18 months, children The level of brain development is sufficient to take on the complex task of "learning to read".Since 13 of the 14 tests are not significantly different, you can't help but ask, which one has a positive result? The only thing that gets a positive result An indicator of the result is how parents feel about their children's abilities.Although the use of early education products does not significantly affect the abilities of their babies, parents who use these products really believe their children have better reading skills .
The text is intended to show:
A.Early education can be very beneficial
B.Early education is not beneficial
C.Early education is neither beneficial nor harmful
D.Early education is both good and bad

d
As we all know, colds and fevers are caused by inflammation of the body and inflammation.Not only that, in fact, in the pathogenesis of most serious diseases in humans, such as cirrhosis, diabetes, and even cancer, inflammation plays a vital role in it.Role, and mesenchymal stem cells can change their nature and play their own different functions according to the size of the inflammation, or the location of the inflammation, it can be anti-inflammatory, it can also promote inflammation, it can recruit other "partners" Promote tissue growth together, you can also "learn Lei Feng" to do good things for tissue repair.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Harm of disease inflammation
B.Specific manifestations of disease inflammation
C.Multiple benefits of mesenchymal stem cells
D.Multivariate ability of mesenchymal cells

c
Leonardo, a medieval mathematician from Pisa, discovered the Fibonacci sequence, which is a set of sequences; 1, 2, 3, ...that the latter number is the sum of the previous two numbers.What is the relationship between the sequence and the growth of the tree? Because the new branches often take a period of "breathing" time for their own growth, the face can germinate new branches.Therefore, a sapling at a certain interval, such as one year, will grow later A new branch, the new branch "take a breath" the next year, the old branch still sprouts, after that, the old school sprouts at the same time as the "take a breath" branch one year later, the new branch of the year ??? "take a breath" the next year.The number of branches of a tree each year constitutes a Fibonacci column.
The text is intended to explain:
A.List of Fibonacci numbers is now tree-based annual growth
B.Fibonacci numbers are ubiquitous in nature
C.Application of Fibonacci Numbers in Nature
D.List of Fibonacci numbers showing long-term adaptation and evolution of plants in nature

d
In recent years, monosodium glutamate, a family essential product, has been constantly questioned by people.Some people have suggested that adding monosodium glutamate in the cooking process has a great harmful effect on the human body.Too much monosodium glutamate diet will cause hair loss.Vision loss, zinc deficiency, and even some people have suggested that it may also cause cancer or other internal organ diseases.However, according to research, MSG can increase people's appetite, improve the body's ability to absorb various other things, and have a certain nourishing effect on the body.
The text is intended to show:
A.Adding MSG during cooking may have a great harmful effect on the human body
B.MSG may cause cancer or other internal organ diseases
C.Monosodium glutamate can improve people's food and martial arts, and has a certain nourishing effect on the human body
D.MSG is safe and can be eaten with confidence

a
Personality, temperament, impulsiveness, scorching, psychological stress ...The factors that determine "I am mine" are considered to depend on culture, environment, and choice, but they are all branded with genes.How abstract genetic tendencies translate into specific personality is the "last mile" that has not been run in genetics.It seems ridiculous that only a few genes can change our perception of ourselves.However, In history, this scene has been repeatedly performed.Every step we take in the path of understanding genes has caused a major change in human social worldview, values and behavior.Darwin s discovery of heredity and mutation has subverted Human beings' cognition of their own origins.With the deepening of research, people have gradually discovered that whether a gene "expresses" itself depends on acquired factors such as the environment.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Genes cannot decide everything by themselves
B.Personality depends on culture, environment and choice
C.Personality and temperament are branded with genes
D.Genetic research has caused major changes in human social worldviews, values and behaviors

d
For me, in the 50 years of spring, summer, autumn, and winter, the flowers bloomed, and I never left, and followed each other.When I was young, I chased her with all my heart, and she always left me far behind; when I was young, I Walking hand in hand with her, tenderness, bitterness, and dreams echoing each other's hearts; in middle age, we had each other, lovesickness, love, nostalgia, and lingering in strong memories; in old age, I unknowingly ran in front of the year, although I have slowed down time and again, once I look back, the year is like a shadow on me, I can't pull it off, I can't get rid of it.Since then, I no longer love the year, love the year, think about the year, I start to fear the year, and even hate the year.
The text is intended to show:
A.The year is a hungry chase, a dream of sorrowful flowers
B.The year is a true nostalgia, a solid relationship
C.When she is more and more ignorant of the year, she will follow you, and if she doesn't pay attention, she will suddenly stand in front of you, blocking your way and tripping your feet
D.Years, as you chase after me, let's go to the old district.Running against the year also verifies the flow and quality of our lives

d
Typical amphibians grow up in the water with gills in their childhood and then breathe with their lungs on land.We usually call this process a complete metamorphosis.Most amphibians lay their eggs in the water and hatch out when they breed.The salamander has an outer gill and breathes oxygen in the water.Most of the salamander disappears within a few days to form an inner gill for breathing, and the hind limb buds (the forelimbs of the hind limbs) grow into a metamorphosis period.The metatarsus gradually replaces its limbs The tail exercises the role of exercise, and after the lungs slowly grow out, it replaces the gills to exercise breathing.After the gills slowly disappear and other physiological structures are adjusted, the amphibian begins to live on land.
One item that does not match the meaning of this text is:
A.Amphibians slowly grow limbs and lungs as they enter metamorphosis
B.Amphibians hatch in the form of tadpoles when they are young
C.Amphibians move from water to land
D.Amphibians no longer return to the water to live on land

c
The community of human destiny refers to the consideration of the legitimate concerns of other countries in the pursuit of their own interests and the promotion of the common development of all countries in the pursuit of their own development.Mankind has only one earth, and countries coexist in one world.It is necessary to promote the "community of human destiny" awareness.
According to the above definitions, the following are inconsistent with the concept of a community of shared future for humanity:
A.China always adheres to the correct concept of justice and benefit, and establishes a new, common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security concept.
B.China must co-ordinate the overall situation at home and abroad and always follow the path of peaceful development
C.The community of human destiny has not transcended social system differences, ideological differences, and differences of values
D.China is willing to always be a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development, and a defender of international order

c
A sole proprietorship refers to an operating entity established in China in accordance with the Sole Proprietorship Law, invested by a natural person, the property being owned by the investor, and the investor taking unlimited personal liability for corporate debt with his personal property.
Based on the above definitions, the following understanding of a sole proprietorship is correct:
A.After the dissolution of the sole proprietorship, the liability to the creditor is relieved
B.For the profits of a sole proprietorship, investors are required to pay corporate income tax
C.The property of the sole proprietorship is owned by the investor, and the investor has control and control over corporate affairs
D.A one-person limited liability company may invest in the establishment of a sole proprietorship

a
Human resource management refers to the rational allocation of human resources in a planned manner in accordance with the requirements of corporate development strategies.Through a series of processes such as recruitment, training, use, assessment, incentives, and adjustments of employees in the enterprise, the motivation of employees is brought into play The potential of employees creates value for the enterprise and brings benefits to the enterprise.Ensuring the realization of the strategic goals of the enterprise is a series of human resource policies and corresponding management activities of the enterprise.
According to the above definitions, the following are not human resources management activities:
A.Company A's labor and personnel department sends a questionnaire to all employees of the unit to prepare for the development of the company's rules and regulations
B.Company B's labor and personnel department formulate a recruitment plan, formulates recruitment conditions, and sends employees to a university to recruit college graduates
C.The company s labor and personnel department organizes new employees for pre-job technical training
D.The company s labor and personnel department organized all employees to hold a New Year's Day party

d
Compound fertilizers refer to chemical fertilizers containing three or two elements of nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium, which are directly synthesized by chemical methods or added with other nutrients.
According to the above definitions, the following are not compound fertilizers:
A.Ammonium phosphate
B.Potassium nitrate
C.Potassium nitrate
D.Potassium chloride

d
Siphoning refers to the use of the phenomenon of the difference in height of the liquid level.After filling the liquid into an inverted U-shaped tubular structure, the high end of the opening is placed in a container filled with liquid.The liquid in the container will continue to pass through the siphon tube from The opening exits at a lower position.
According to the above definitions, the following are not the principles of the siphon phenomenon:
A.A car driver sucks gasoline or diesel from a drum with a rubber tube
B.The water surface in the middle and lower reaches of the Yellow River in China is mostly higher than the ground outside the dyke.In Henan and Shandong, farmers draw water from the Yellow River to irrigate farmland.
C.Xiao Wang squeezes the air out of the pipe when changing the water in the fish tank at home, and then inserts the pipe into the water, and the water flows continuously
D.Xiao Liu's family lives on the 30th floor of a community, and the tap water in the home comes from the secondary water supply

b
92.A shareholder derivative action refers to a case where a company's directors, supervisors, senior managers or others violate laws, administrative regulations or the company's articles of association when the company's interests are harmed, and the company refuses or fails to pursue its responsibilities to meet legal requirements.Shareholders filed a lawsuit against the infringer in the name of the company, requesting the offender to compensate the company for losses.
According to the above definitions, the following are shareholder derivative actions:
A.Li, the secretary of the board of a listed company, violated the company's articles of association when he performed the duties of the company, causing losses to the company.Wang is a shareholder who holds 10% of the shares for one year in a row.Wang can sue Li in the name of the company
B.Liu is the chairman and general manager of Company A.During his tenure, he repeatedly used his position to instruct the company's accountant to lend funds to a company B that was mainly established by Liu's son.The 3% shareholder of the company, Wang, believes that Company A should sue Company B for repayment, but Company A is unlikely to sue.Wang will sue Company B in his own name, asking Company B to return the loan to Company A.
C.Huang is a director of Company A.Since 2012, during his tenure, Huang has applied for the establishment of Company B, which has the same business scope as Company A.Huang uses Company A's business channels and technical information.Engaging in similar business activities with the company, causing a loss of about 700,000 yuan for company A.Company A then sued and asked Huang to stop illegal business activities, return the illegal business income, and compensate for the losses.
D.Zhong, the general manager of a joint stock limited company, violated the company's articles of association and loaned the company's funds to his wife's brother for free without the consent of the shareholders' meeting, which caused the company a loss of profits.In this regard, the company's supervisory board has the right to sue and request to Investigate Zhong's legal liability

b
The Doppler effect refers to the phenomenon that when the wave source and the observer make relative movements, the frequency received by the observer and the frequency emitted by the wave source is different.When the two are close to each other, the received frequency increases and decreases when they leave each other.
According to the above definition, the following do not use the Doppler effect:
A.Doppler navigation
B.Laser velocimeter
C.Color Doppler
D.Doppler camera

a
Technical standards refer to the technical regulations on the quality, specifications and inspection methods of industrial and agricultural products and engineering construction, as well as the graphics and symbols commonly used in technical documents, and are a common basis for engaging in production and construction.
According to the above definitions, the following are technical standards:
A.National regulations on quality standards for infant milk powder
B.National Standards for the Evaluation of Healthy Cities
C.National regulations on recall of defective products
D.Industrial Bureau's testing standards for smoke and dust emissions from metallurgical machinery plant equipment

a
Monetary policy refers to the general term for the policies, policies, and measures adopted by the central bank to implement various economic controls and adjust the amount of money and credit.
According to the above definitions, the following are the monetary policy tools used by the People's Bank of China:
A.In order to stimulate consumption, the People's Bank of China has significantly reduced the deposit interest rate
B.Commercial banks pay sufficient deposit reserve to the People's Bank of China according to a certain percentage
C.Treasury Business, Manager of the People's Bank of China
D.The People's Bank of China provides loans to commercial banks when they are short of funds

a
.A unit organizes educators to conduct quality development training.Employees can sign up voluntarily.Lao Zhang meets the new employee Xiao Li and talks about it.Lao Zhang reminds Xiao Li that "the organization organizes quality development training."Li said," I haven't finished the work at hand, so I don't need to report it."
Which of the following can be used as a hypothesis in Xiao Li's answer?
A.If the work is processed, you must sign up for quality extension training
B.As long as my work is not finished, I don't need to participate in quality extension training
C.Anyone who has signed up for quality development training has completed the work
D.Only those who have finished their work can sign up for quality extension training

b
The overseas marketing system of multinational companies is very different from the original marketing system.Some more effective marketing strategies in the domestic market may not be suitable for overseas markets.If you copy the domestic marketing strategy, you may Frustration in exploring overseas markets, and adopting an appropriate regional differentiation strategy will play an important role in improving the effectiveness of overseas marketing and promoting the development of overseas markets.In fact, most multinational companies that adopt differentiated marketing strategies are successful Of course, some multinational companies that have not adopted differentiated marketing strategies have also succeeded.However, all successful multinational companies have a common feature, which is that they focus on the long-term development of the enterprise and have a relatively comprehensive strategic management system.
If the above statements are correct, then the following statements must also be correct:
A.All multinational companies with a relatively comprehensive strategic management system focusing on the long-term development of enterprises are successful multinational companies
B.Some multinational companies with a relatively complete strategic management system focusing on the long-term development of enterprises are multinational companies that have not adopted a differentiated marketing strategy
C.Most successful multinationals are multinationals that have adopted differentiated marketing strategies
D.Some multinational corporations with a relatively comprehensive strategic management system are not successful multinational corporations focusing on the long-term development of enterprises

c
.All international students from Australia live in the East International Student Dormitory.All students living in the East International Student Dormitory must attend this year's international exchange meeting.Some international students from Australia have joined the Chinese Club.Some civil engineering students also Joined the Chinese Club; all civil engineering students did not participate in this year's international exchange meeting.
Which of the following conclusions cannot be derived from this?
A.All Australian students participated in this year's international exchange meeting
B.None of the students majoring in civil engineering lives in the East International Student Dormitory
C.Some Australian students study civil engineering
D.Some Chinese club members did not participate in this year's international exchange meeting

d
Since 2013, a group has launched the industry's first high-end talent specifically tailored for doctors? Day-Future Leadership Program, which aims to train industry leaders.According to surveys, some of the newly recruited employees of the group have overseas studies All employees of the group with overseas study experience have been individually met by the chairman of the group, while all of the group's province A employees have not been individually met by the chairman.
If the above statement is true, which of the following must also be true?
A.Some new hires have not been individually met by the chairman
B.Some employees with overseas study experience are from Province A
C.All new hires are from Province A
D.Some new hires are not from Province A

c
The laboratory has four beakers, and a small note is placed under each beaker: the first reads "Sulfuric acid in all beakers"; the second reads "This cup is sodium chloride"; the third One reads "This cup is not water", the fourth reads "Some beakers do not contain sulfuric acid".
If only one sentence of the four beakers is true, which of the following must be true?
A.Sulfuric acid in the first beaker
B.Sodium chloride in the second beaker
C.Water in the third beaker
D.Not sulfuric acid in the fourth beaker

c
A college introduced a group of young teachers, some of whom have PhDs in physics.Teachers in physics who have obtained a PhD have more than three years of teaching experience, and some female teachers have more than three years of teaching experience.All-female teachers have married.
Based on the above text, the following options must be correct:
A.All physics teachers have more than three years of teaching experience
B.All Physics teachers who have obtained a PhD are married
C.Physics teachers who may have obtained a PhD degree are female teachers
D.There may be male teachers who are not yet married

b
The eldest brother, the second, the third and the third brothers work in Shanghai, Zhejiang, and Jiangxi.Their occupations are lawyers, doctors, and civil servants.Known: the boss does not work in Shanghai, the second child does not work in Zhejiang; the people who work in Shanghai are not civil servants; Zhejiang works as a lawyer; the second child is not a doctor.
So where does the boss, the second child, and the third child work?
A.Zhejiang, Shanghai and Jiangxi
B.Zhejiang, Jiangxi and Shanghai
C.Jiangxi, Shanghai and Zhejiang
D.Jiangxi, Zhejiang and Shanghai

d
Xiao Zhang scores better than Xiao Li, but because Xiao Ming scores better than Xiao Hong, Xiao Zhang scores better than Xiao Hong.Except for the following, all are OK
As a necessary prerequisite for the above statement to hold?
A.Xiao Zhang and Xiao Ming score equally well
B.Xiao Li has better grades than Xiao Hong
C.Xiao Zhang scores better than Xiao Ming
D.Xiao Ming has better results than Xiao Zhang

c
Virtual reality technology refers to a simulation system that can create and experience a virtual world.It uses computer-generated interactive three-dimensional environments to provide users with visual, auditory, tactile and other sensory simulations, thereby making people immersive.Since, this is an immersive experience with a 360-degree viewing angle.
According to the definition above, the following options are used by virtual reality technology:
A.Zhang San video chats with his father in Paris via a computer and sees the Eiffel Tower in person
B.Li Si used his mobile phone WeChat to video chat with his wife, and he heard his son recite ancient poems
C.Liu Wu put on a special helmet to buy a desk online, and can fully experience the effect of the desk in the study
D.Wang Er used a tablet computer to watch videos of classmates traveling in Tibet and felt that he had also arrived at the Potala Palace

d
In recent years, spaghetti has been crowned with a bad reputation for causing obesity, so many people have a hateful and entangled mood when facing this Mediterranean diet.However, the Italian Institute of Mediterranean Neurology has passed 23,000 Human studies that have found that pasta does not cause weight gain as many people think.Moreover, pasta does not only cause obesity, but also has the opposite effect-reducing body fat rate.Research results show that if people can With the right amount of intake and a guaranteed dietary diversity, Italy is of great benefit to people's health.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Carbohydrates in noodles are important factors leading to obesity
B.No research has shown that pasta causes an increase in obesity in the population
C.Olive oil used in the Mediterranean diet is great for your health
D.Consumption of spaghetti can maintain people's ideal body fat rate

b
Albatross belong to the phylaformes, with tubular noses, sensitive olfactory, and often fly long distances in the open sea in order to find food.That plastic garbage floating on the sea does not look delicious, why the credible albatross eat them and pay a heavy price for it What? The researchers believe that the reason is that for albatross, these plastic wastes smell "tasty"."Gourmet Signal" is a chemical called dimethyl sulfide (D.MS), which smells like Matter is produced by the action of marine phytoplankton.
Which of the following, if true, cannot support a researcher's point of view?
A.Some species of Siluriformes often gather in areas with abundant phytoplankton
B.Consumption of plastic waste can cause seabirds to have difficulty moving, block the digestive tract, and cause chronic damage to health
C.Experiments have shown that D.MS components are detected on plastic samples after three weeks of immersion in the sea
D.Siluriformes birds sensitive to D.MS odor can detect odor molecules at extremely low concentrations

c
The latest report from an international paleontology research team stated that the Zhengnan turtles living in South Africa 280 million years ago were the ancestors of modern turtles, and they survived the mass extinction of the Permian to Triassic species.In order to avoid the harsh natural environment, they worked hard to dig downwards.At the same time, to ensure that the forelimbs' digging action was strong enough, the body needed a stable support, which led to the continuous widening of the ribs.It can be seen that the turtle has a shell to adapt to the environment The performance is not just for protection, but for burrowing underground.
Which of the following should be added as a prerequisite for the conclusion of the above conclusion?
A.Modern tortoises have inherited some of the habits of Zhengnan turtles who are good at burrowing.
B.Only burrows can survive the mass extinction
C.The turtle's shell evolved after the turtle's ribs gradually widened
D.Zhengnan turtle's forelegs are strong enough and do not require turtle shell protection

d
A fast, sustainable, and unpredictable competitive environment requires a small-scale enterprise and a simplified structure.At the same time, it must have sufficient technical reserves and the ability to resist capital risks.At present, the way to resolve this contradiction is usually to establish a "win-win principle based on global scope"."Virtual enterprise.A virtual enterprise is a dynamic alliance between enterprises.Each member company participating in the virtual enterprise has a certain degree of autonomy.When market opportunities arise, the participating enterprises will organize together to jointly develop, produce and sell new products.When the product is found to be unprofitable, it will automatically dissolve.Therefore, the virtual enterprise is considered to be the most competitive business operation model in the 21st century.
Which of the following, if true, best supports this view?
A.Modern information technology and communication methods developed in today's society have facilitated communication between enterprises.
B.Enterprises want to survive, develop and expand their advantages in the current competitive environment, and need a new operating model
C.Any problem in the production of any affiliated company in the virtual enterprise will interrupt the operation of the entire production chain
D.Virtual enterprises can quickly focus on the strongest design processing and sales forces to achieve rapid response to the market

b
The input of most parents has a significant positive predictive effect on their children's academic investment.The level of parental input decreases with the increase of their children's grades.At the same time, most parents pay more attention to home counseling and lack of investment in their children's participation in community and school activities.The parenting style, which is supported or controlled by parents, plays a moderating role in the relationship between parents' investment and their children's academic investment, and partly through the mediating variable of meeting the children's academic psychological needs.
It can be inferred from this:
A.Parents' investment and parenting style will inevitably affect their children's academic investment
B.The decrease in the investment of most parents in their children's education means an increase in their children's schooling
C.The creation and formation of a learning environment at home is inversely related to the connection between schools and communities
D.The satisfaction of children's academic psychological needs is the driving force and primary factor affecting their academic investment

a
The study found that the 20 to 39-year-old group is more enthusiastic about using sports applications in smartphones, the main reason is that most of this group has already participated in work, and sub-health is more common in this group, so more and more Many white-collar workers and young people pay more attention to physical health; at the same time, the obesity rate of young people is relatively high, and young people's pursuit of beauty is far more than that of middle-aged and elderly people, so they care more about sports; in addition, the user group of this age group is also more Familiar with smartphone operation.
Which of the following, if true, would most weaken the above findings?
A.Many young people are addicted to games in their smartphones
B.Many young people work overtime for long periods of time
C.Young people's lack of exercise can easily lead to sub-health problems
D.Contemporary young people are too rich in nutrition and overweight

d
Time perception distortion refers to the perception of incorrect time.In life, due to various factors, people's perception of time is often unrealistic, sometimes it is too long, and sometimes it is too short.Many reasons It can cause the perception of time to be distorted.In reality, a bad performance will make people feel like they are sitting on a needle and feel that the end is far away.On the contrary, people always think that the time of beauty and joy is too short.
Based on the above definition, the following options do not fit the time-aware distortion:
A.See you in a day, like March
B.Pleasure is short, loneliness and hate are longer
C.The lonely house is living like a year, and the wind is gradually changing
D.It's only seven days since the spring, and it's been two years since leaving home

d
In recent years, spaghetti has been crowned with a bad reputation for causing obesity, so many people have a hateful and entangled mood in the face of this Mediterranean diet.However, the Italian Institute of Mediterranean Neurology passed the 2.3 A study by 10,000 people found that pasta does not cause weight gain as many people think.Moreover, not only does pasta not cause obesity, it can also have the opposite effect-reducing body fat rate.Research results show that if people Being able to consume it in moderation and ensure a diverse diet, Italy is of great benefit to people's health.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Carbohydrates in noodles are important factors leading to obesity
B.No research has shown that pasta causes an increase in obesity in the population
C.Olive oil used in the Mediterranean diet is great for your health
D.Consumption of spaghetti can maintain people's ideal body fat rate

d
For a long time, psychologists have supported the "mathematical talent theory"; mathematical ability is the ability that humans have from birth, even animals have this ability.They believe that there is a natural mathematical kernel that slowly develops through the self.Development, this kind of mathematical kernel will eventually "grow" into all the mathematical abilities we are familiar with.Recently, some opponents have put forward different views; mathematical abilities have no talent and can only be the product of culture.
Which of the following, if true, would best support the opponent's view:
A.Babies from 10 to 12 months already know that 3 black dots are different from 4 black dots
B.Mathematics is the product of the brain, and the growth pattern of the brain has long been "preset" by genes
C.Artificially trained gorillas, dolphins and elephants can handle mathematical problems
D.The majority of the residents of the primitive tribe can only represent a number below 5 or even less

c
When treating dentistry, the dentist must first remove the carious part of the tooth, and then fill the material to repair the defective tooth.However, 10% to 15% of the filling will fail, and the filling used is not equipped to make the tooth heal itself.In view of this, researchers have developed a filler made of synthetic biological materials that can stimulate the growth of stem cells in the dental pulp and repair damaged areas.This filler can stimulate stem cells.Proliferation and differentiation into dentin.If the fillings of future fillings are made of such regenerative materials, it will reduce the failure rate of fillings and reduce the pain of dental pulp patients.
It can be inferred from this:
A.People will no longer suffer from tooth decay in the future
B.People will no longer be troubled by dental caries in the future
C.Newly developed fillings to stimulate damaged teeth to heal
D.Newly developed dental fillings can promote the growth of dentin

b
Some studies claim that cancer cells are afraid of heat and high body temperature can fight cancer.The organs most susceptible to cancer in the human body include the lung, stomach, large intestine, breast, etc., which are lower temperature parts, and "high-temperature organs" such as the heart are not easy You can get cancer.Therefore, you can use exercise, hot water, bathing and other methods to raise your body temperature to fight cancer.
Which of the following, if true, can best refute the above argument?
A.Affected by breathing, diet, etc., people's oral temperature is generally lower than rectal temperature, and the incidence of rectal cancer is higher than oral cancer worldwide
B.There is a precise regulation mechanism of human body temperature, which basically remains stable, and there is no obvious temperature difference between various organs in the body
C.Hyperthermia may help radiotherapy or some chemotherapy perform better, but research data to prove its reliability are still insufficient
D.Malignant tumors rarely occur in the heart, because the cardiomyocytes no longer divide and proliferate here, regardless of the temperature

b
In the first-tier cities, the past suburbs with pastoral scenery are now full of high-rises, and no "agriculture" can be learned is becoming a dilemma faced by many agronomy majors.In addition to the constraints of time, space and content, the agronomy majors The attractiveness of students have gradually diminished, and the need for farmers has been questioned.
What does this text mean?
A.Imminence to attract students to study agriculture
B.The agricultural profession faces a double dilemma
C.Agronomy should adapt to the trend of urbanization
D.The state should provide the necessary conditions for agronomic development

a
Since customs are the products of history, they inevitably change with the development of history.Everything that can exist has its dependent natural conditions and social environment, changes in the vicissitudes of the sea, economic development, and institutional changes.Changes, the decline of some old customs is just like the rise of new customs.It is the metabolism of nature and society.It is a reasonable phenomenon.The decline does not necessarily have to be revived, and some may wish to allow themselves to die.The script has disappeared, and the Institute of Minority Languages of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences once helped these ethnic groups to restore the script, but it was contrary to their wishes and was not welcomed by the locals, because they thought that learning the script of their ethnic group could not leave their hometown and would rather learn Chinese characters.Since this kind of text has existed in history, it is a cultural heritage worth cherishing.It needs to be preserved in historical memory as a cultural relic, so that modern people can perceive the wisdom of their ancestors and make them "dead without forgetting."
What does this passage mean?
A.Customs should be treated from the perspective of historical development
B.Customs is an intangible heritage that cannot be copied
C.Changes in customs are the result of a combination of factors
D.Customs should be vigorously protected as a cultural heritage

c
Movies and TV will strongly restrain readers from freely imagining texts.Compared with movies, novels are more like comics.On the one hand, comics can teach people how to define characters and objects with a few pens; on the other hand, between comic scenes The squares represent the content omitted by the cartoonist, and at the same time let us notice the ability of the creator to conceive the framing.When reading the novel, these scenes (squares) will be connected by the readers themselves to form a whole story.A workable story.
What does this text mean?
A.Novels and comics have many similarities
B.Novels focus more on the integrity of the plot
C.Fiction leaves space for readers to imagine freely
D.Comics are more expressive than movies and novels

c
In recent years, many e-commerce companies have long cultivated the digital reading market, which has created a reading boom for the entire population.Government support, the rapid development of the digital publishing industry economy, the increase in the use of online literature services by mobile Internet users, and the advancement of technology for multimedia information It provides good environmental support for mobile reading.According to the results of the Twelfth National Survey on National Reading, the contact rate of digital reading methods for adult citizens in China has increased year by year in the past three years, and the digital reading rate has exceeded the traditional book reading rate for the first time.
What does this passage mean?
A.The upsurge of reading for all
B.Large-scale rise of the digital publishing industry
C.E-commerce has created a digital reading boom
D.National digital reading has gone beyond traditional reading

c
The rise of Puritanism is a very important factor in the external causes that promote the emergence of modern science.Scholars believe that a prerequisite assumption of modern science is a widely spread, instinctual belief, the order of belief in the existence of things Especially the natural order.Experts in the history of science show that with specific data: Seventeen out of ten members of the Royal Society in the 17th century were Puritans, which is much higher than the proportion of Puritans in the total population; Most scientists are active priests, and many priests also encourage or personally engage in science; Puritan schools also have natural science subjects in their curricula.
What does this text mean?
A.Why Puritanism prevailed in the 17th century
B.There is no absolute opposition between religion and science
C.Religion promotes and promotes modern science
D.Prerequisite Hypothesis of Modern Science and Origin of Religion

d
Culture has always included material, and at the same time, culture has always had an immaterial side.However, since the rise of "material" in modern times, our thinking and imagination have been quite materialized.Because modern China has tragically shown people to accumulate poverty and become weak As a result, the pursuit of prosperity has become the mainstream that is taken for granted.Although China seems to have become rich and powerful, it has indeed gradually forgotten the world outside of material wealth, and it has long been unfamiliar with all kinds of "immaterial" things.To the point of turning a blind eye, treating "intangible culture" as an option for investment promotion is a typical materialization idea.
What is the main point expressed in this text?
A.Culture is a combination of material and immaterial levels
B.China should pay more attention to non-material prosperity and strength after achieving material prosperity
C.China has gradually become a material giant but has become a spiritually poor person
D.Today people one-sidedly pursue material wealth while neglecting non-material cultural construction

a
Although people always assume that as long as the rationality of human beings is continuously improved and the information is made transparent, the soil generated by rumors can be eliminated.But so far this has only been an ideal, and it will probably never be achieved.No one in society The information transmitted is completely correct.In many cases, people often spread unconfirmed claims unknowingly in order to learn the "truth" that they care about as quickly as possible.It is group psychology: their hope, fear, anxiety.
What does this text mean?
A.A society without rumors does not exist
B.People often spread rumors unconsciously
C.Rumors reflect the psychology of some groups in society
D.People often believe in rumors for the truth

c
Just when "classical music is destined to be a niche art and has become a basic consensus, the threshold of this art category has been pried by new technologies.Previously, classical music tried its best to try to attract new audiences.Technology But it opens up another possibility.If there is a proper opportunity, people are actually eager to learn about classical music.
With this text at the beginning, what is the most likely next article to discuss?
A.The new charm of classical music
B.The audience of Classical Music
C.The way new technologies promote classical music
D.The role of new technologies in the dissemination of classical music

d
Astronomical exploration is to reveal the mysteries of the universe, while astrology is busy calculating the fate of a specific person: Chemistry reveals that water is composed of molecules, and the concept of so-called "small molecule water" fabricated by manufacturers becomes The typical commercial scam: In the Soviet era, the "Lisenko Genetics" that couldn't stand the scrutiny was so popular that it was "Lisenko's attempts to eliminate academic competitors" and "Soviet authorities' attempts to scientifically prove ideological victory "The result of the two hitting each other, not that it is not correct in itself.
The text is intended to illustrate pseudoscience?
A.It will have a negative or negative impact on the development of Kefa
B.Can't stand the rigorous tests that science must accept
C.A man in a semblance of science, very deceitful
D.It is utilitarian and its transmission has a special purpose

a
In the 20th century, a generation of seekers who were disappointed with Western civilization faced the increasingly frequent communication and contact between the East and the West, and did not satisfy the way that their predecessors knew the Chinese spirit indirectly.A new way of dialogue.They both dream of using the spirit of Chinese philosophy to cure the ills of Western society, and look forward to recovering their elixir and correcting their own culture from there.This determines their acceptance of Chinese cultural values and sharing In the essence of Chinese thought, it is also difficult to avoid the usual practical orientation of the predecessors.
What does the following statement agree with the original?
A.Some Western scholars have a pragmatic tendency to understanding Chinese culture
B.Chinese scholars believe that Chinese philosophical thought can eliminate the ills of Western society
C.The 20th century is an important historical period in which East and West civilizations collide and merge with each other.
D.Increasing condensed exchange between East and West makes Western scholars accept Chinese ideology and culture

d
The ecological environment is a special asset that provides public services for all mankind.Perhaps the biggest problem of traditional consumerism is that it has not done anything to the "capital" of nature in the economic equilibrium equation that makes the capitalist system work.Correct assessment, one of the most fundamental arguments of eco-economists against consumerism is that consumer economics regards the earth's irreplaceable resources (natural resources) as income, which is a theoretically fatal error.
What does this passage mean?
A.Attention should be paid to the public attributes of the ecological environment
B.People should not consume the ecological environment indiscriminately
C.Traditional consumerism is difficult to maintain economic balance and sustainable development
D.Misunderstanding of natural resources is a major problem of traditional consumerism

d
Collaborative sharing is a new economic model.Some scholars have even predicted that it will replace capitalism in the second half of the 21st century and become one of the economic forms dominated by human society.By then, productivity will increase significantly, and the developed Internet of Things will make margins The cost is approaching zero.Billions of people are both producers and consumers.They share energy, information, and physical goods on the Internet.Ownership is replaced by the right to use."Exchange value" will also be replaced by "shared value." This conclusion looks like Sensational, but theoretically in line with the trend of social development.The "sharing economy" was accepted and widely disseminated during the financial and economic crisis.Its original function was to provide people in distress with ways to make money and save money.It went on to fly even more High, was given more meaning.
What does the following statement agree with the original?
A.The economic crisis has promoted the emergence of the sharing economy
B.Sharing economy is the foundation for the rapid development of the Internet of Things
C.Sharing economy can avoid marginal costs
D.Sharing economy promotes the unity of producer and consumer roles

c
Mogao Grottoes are the crystallization of the wisdom and wisdom of ancient peoples.The location of Mogao Grottoes in the oasis of the Gobi Desert reflects the idea of isolation between Buddhism and the world, and integration with nature.The surrounding green trees form a unique quiet scenery.The honeycomb-shaped caves of Mogao Grottoes do not exceed 40 meters at the highest point.In winter, the sand blown from the west passes by the top of the cave, and the cave cannot be blown: in summer, opposite The Sanwei Mountain in the mountain has become a natural barrier, so that the sand blown from the east cannot threaten the cave.In this way, the Mogao Grottoes have become the safest area in the dry area.For this reason, although the Mogao Grottoes have passed the millennium, The 492 caves of 11 dynasties and a large number of murals and sculptures have been preserved intact, leaving a precious cultural and artistic heritage for the world.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.The Thought of Harmony between Man and Nature in the Design and Construction of Mogao Grottoes
B.The important value of Mogao Grottoes in the history of world culture
C.Why the Mogao Grottoes and their frescoes are well preserved
D.The natural environment and unique tranquil scenery of Mogao Grottoes

d
Complementing Confucianism and Taoism is the cultural tradition of the Chinese scholar class.In a positive sense, outstanding members of the scholar class have upheld the Confucian sense of social responsibility and grief for the people's livelihood.In a negative sense, the mediocre generations of the scholar class use Confucianism as a stepping stone, and Taoism as a placebo for a retreat.No matter what the situation is, the inner minds of Chinese scholars are tangled.In the meantime, even the outstanding elements, their social responsibility is limited to the consciousness of loyalty to the monarch, and their detachment feelings often become self-consolation when the career path is frustrated.
What does this text mainly explain?
A.Confucianism is the foundation of Chinese intellectuals
B.Chinese intellectuals uphold the strengths of Confucianism and Taoism
C.Chinese intellectuals have long been influenced by Confucianism and Taoism
D.The imperial power created the Confucian and Taoist complementary scholar tradition

c
In Hong Kong and Taiwan, where traditional characters are used, more and more young people's lifestyles are gradually becoming westernized; while mainland teenagers are exposed to modern and fashionable elements such as computer games and popular songs from Hong Kong and Taiwan, they also see traditional characters.However, it has not been influenced by traditional culture.On the contrary, many people who use simplified characters every day are still deeply influenced by traditional culture.If you read the same ancient text written in simplified and traditional characters, the same Tang poem, the text form is correct.The reader's interpretation of the cultural connotation of the work has little effect.Traditional culture can also be rooted in folk ideas and lifestyles in many ways, such as movies and television, without necessarily using traditional characters as a medium.
What does this text mean?
A.Simplified characters do not weaken the meaning of traditional culture
B.Simplified Chinese instead of Traditional Chinese is really good.
C.Traditional culture does not necessarily need traditional Chinese characters
D.Traditional culture should be integrated into modern fashion elements

d
Blessed are the people who are often moved and passionate.I may belong to one of them.So I think that I move because I love all the good things in the world, and pay more attention to them than others.And these wonderful things Things also seem to be my friends and relatives.They also love, keep an eye on, and fall in love with me.Every little touch will cleanse a little spot and stain in my soul, every time I am deeply moved It is possible to cut off a certain bad root in my temperament.Day after day, year after year, the touch makes my heart clean, bright, rich and spacious, and makes me face every new day.You can win a whole new self.
What does this text mainly tell us?
A.People should have a sense of continuous self-improvement
B.Loving people have the potential to be happy
C.Perseverance needs to be sustained
D.People should be passionate about good things

d
A nebula is a cloud-like object composed of gas and dust in interstellar space.The density of matter in a nebula is very low.If measured by the standards of the earth, some places are a vacuum.But the accumulation of nebulae is very large.Nebulae and stars have a "blood relationship".The gas emitted by the stars will become part of the nebula, and the nebula material will be compressed into stars under the influence of gravity.Under certain conditions, nebulae and stars can be transformed into each other.of.
What does the following statement match this text?
A.The mass and state of the nebula are very stable
B.Nebulas and stars are far apart
c.Nebulae and stars are gaseous
D.Nebulas and stars are similar in their constituent material

a
The virtual museum is interested in the 90th century.Compared with the physical museum, the virtual museum can display all the collections.The audience does not need to keep a distance from the collections, and only needs to click the mouse to see the works from different directions and realize human-computer interaction.Many people worry that physical museums will gradually promote charm, but the fact is that through the digital influence, people understand the original works, and they want to go into the Shiji Museum to contact them.
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.There is no conflict between the virtual museum and the real museum
B.Virtual museums make art communication easier
c.Copying works cannot replace the shock of the original
D.Museum virtualization can greatly realize the function of art education

b
In the history of Western thought, there are not many people with great influence and widely controversial like Rousseau.He has a very famous last saying: "I dedicate my life to the truth." This is also his motto.In the beginning, his book did not have much social impact, but only caused a lot of controversies.If it had an impact, it was limited to academia.His thoughts had a social impact since the French Revolution in 1789.It was not until the great promotion effect that the general public began to be affected.
What does this text mean?
A.How Rousseau struggled for his motto
B.Rousseau's thoughts are slowly tortuous in the process of being accepted by society
c."Social Contract Theory" is recognized by the people
D.Truth always goes through twists and turns to promote social development

b
Millet and millet are actually the common millet.When it is used as a staple food on people's tables, the name is chestnut; when it is presented to the court as the fruit of the festival on the altar, the name is millet.At the same time, a crop owns There are two different names.Behind the division of labor of this crop, the division of labor is hidden.At a certain moment in the history of the millet, Xiaomi embarked on two paths.One is the grain called millet and the other is named The sacrifices of sacrifices; people also embarked on two paths, a group of farming people, a group of reading people.The former only works in the folk, the latter is only responsible for the records in the chapel, I do not know the sacred name and the millet on the table It is the same material.When the eyes reading the text no longer pay attention to the fields, and when the hand holding the pen no longer touches the seeds and farm tools, the appearance of the gap is logical.
What does this text mean?
A.The name dispute between Su Su and Li has a long history
B.Social class gaps are the source of differences
c.The sacrificial sacrifice used for sacrifice to heaven was artificially sanctified
D.The division of labor between Su and Xi is actually an accidental result

a
If logic comes from "transcendental", that is, logic transcends experience and exists before experience, is there any abstract logic beyond transcendental things? If so, how can Long people infer its existence? Many logicians often use Propositions like "internal angles of triangles equal 180 degrees" are used to prove the a priori nature of logic.This is especially true as a symbolic system of mathematical logic.It seems that logical forms can have a self-consistent nature of reasoning without relying on people's experience.For eternal correctness, all things in the objective world must be "logically arranged" to enable people to have a clear and systematic understanding.If this is the case, people cannot help asking, as an empirical existence, how to know that there is a transcendence The logical existence of experience? Undoubtedly, acknowledging the existence of transcendental logic is bound to fall into the quagmire of dogmatism or the mystery of mysticism.
What does this text mean?
A.Questioning the existence of a priori logic
B.Explain that mysticism is not desirable
c.Discourse logic is a summary of experience
D.Explaining the objective world is sometimes illogical

c
From the sound of nature's natural sounds to the various sounds made in social life, human beings cannot leave the sound.But in a long historical period, there is a lack of technical means to effectively save sound.In the world between the flute player and the record In the past millennium, although the sound was constantly carried and passed on to civilization and life, its original content could not be preserved, and many of the sounds recorded in historical documents became extinct.This was a great regret for civilization.Until 19 At the end of the century, as the tide of the industrial revolution swept Europe and the United States, human beings made breakthroughs in the field of recording and copying sounds, and parlours and records came out one after another.
What does this text mean?
A.Humans have made long-term efforts to effectively preserve the initial content of sound
B.Sound preservation technology is one of the major achievements of the Industrial Revolution
c.Breakthroughs in recording technology make human civilization more complete
D.The lack of sound data is one of the regrets in the process of human civilization

d
The order of the evolution of human thought is from concrete to abstract, from graphics to language.People who know a little bit about the history of cultural relics know that only graphics on early civilization and its artifacts, such as prehistoric murals around the world, such as those on Banpo pottery Fish pattern, human danger, etc.There is no text because the language ability is not developed.After the language ability is developed, there is text and human civilization is truly out of the original stage.The evolution of the text itself also follows the same process.The original was graphics and it was not separated.Figurative, covering power is very good.B.Kun, slowly leaving the graphic stage and truly becoming a text, indicates that people's language skills are getting deeper and deeper, and their thinking is becoming more and more independent.
The topics this Wenyu talks about are:
A.The consciousness of studying the history of cultural relics
B.Main functions of language
c.Manifestations of prehistoric civilization
D.The evolution of human thinking

a
Culture is a combination of material equipment and all kinds of knowledge.People use equipment and knowledge to survive.For some purpose, people sometimes change the culture.If a person throws away a certain tool to get a new tool, it is because he Believe that the new tool is more applicable.This process of change must be a kind of synthesis, that is, his past experience, his understanding of the current situation and his expectations of future results.Past experience is not always a true portrayal of past events.Because of past events, the choices made through memory have changed; the current situation is not always accurately understood, because the degree to which it attracts attention is often affected by stakes; future results will not always be as human As expected, because it is the product of many forces other than hope and effort, the new tool may also prove to be unfit for human purposes.
If the new tool turns out to be unsuitable for a purpose, which of the following is not explicitly mentioned by the author?
A.The tools chosen are not suitable for productivity
B.The historical experience on which it is based may be wrong
c.Understanding of the current objective situation may be incomplete
D.Unexpected new situation in the development process

d
Roses are perhaps the most complicated flower we can see.Their patterns, colors, and fragrances are ever-changing, ranging from elegant species of roses to fragrant garden roses and jewel-like modern hybrid roses.Today, all over the world There are more than 200 species of roses growing, and because people continue to try to get more beautiful, fragrant, and longer flowering roses through crossbreeding, our common garden and commercial rose varieties have been growing at a rate of every 5 years.It is very difficult to identify a kind of rose, and even the opinions of experts are often very different, because the type of roses is very easy to change and it is easy to hybridize; hybrid roses can not only be selected dry by manual control.Species are also formed naturally in large quantities.
What does this text mean?
A.Hybrid technology plays a significant role in breeding new rose varieties
B.How to classify roses scientifically is inconclusive
c.The commercial value of roses stimulates people to continuously develop new varieties
D.Rose varieties are very complicated due to natural attributes and human needs

a
The meaning of scholarship is to seek the truth.It should be the lofty duty of every scholar to explore the truth.Honesty should also be the most basic attitude of scholarship.It is difficult for human activities to find out which kind of scholarly emphasis is on truth.Scholars also Because of this, it is regarded by the public and is even regarded as the conscience of society.If the reputation of the scientific community is seriously damaged due to the frequent occurrence of academic misconduct and the image of scientific research in the public mind is destroyed, then it will inevitably be Obstructing the advancement of science.
The text is intended to:
A.Advocating an honest and serious academic atmosphere
B.Reflection on misconduct in the scientific field
c.Suggest factors that hinder scientific development
D.Examine integrity issues in scientific research

c
In contrast, the consumption behavior of international tourists in China is mostly to enjoy Chinese food to drink shops or to buy small commodities in small commodity markets.Generally, they do not go to department stores and large supermarkets to buy things last year.International tourists have come but have driven Ca nt the development of Chinese business, why? Because China does not have the pricing right for branded goods, the retail industry has a considerable food nature.As a result, although China has become a major manufacturing country, it is not yet a shopping paradise for international tourists.Therefore, we cannot simply use tourism as a means of balancing international trade surpluses and reducing trade frictions.Instead, we must restrict the practice of branding the highest price positioning in the Chinese market from the perspective of national interests.Whether the market's price policy has formed a price monopoly.
What was said in the previous paragraph of this text is most likely
A.The development of China's catering industry behind Europe and America
B.Chinese local consumers have a huge boost to the market
c.The formation mechanism of brand commodity pricing power
D.Consumption of International Tourists in Europe and America

c
Jie Mo scholar Kang Youwei blamed the decline of the late calligraphic calligraphy in the "Guang Yizhou Shuangluo" as a traditional calligraphy template.This is the inheritance of the scholars' understanding of the calligraphy template in the middle of the Jie Dynasty.It is very consistent with the actual trend of the development of law history.The contemporary calligrapher Qi Gong proposed in "On the Book of Jueju" that this annoying "Guange Book" and the imperial court marked the roll in the imperial examination.Writing "Black Daguangyuan" is inseparable.So, under the premise that the writing requirements of the "Guange Book" cannot be abolished, scholars cannot fundamentally drop the "Guange Book" even if they have the conditions to obtain a fine calligraphy and calligraphy template.His writing habits have been verified in the era after Kang's writing of `` Guang Yizhou Shuangluo ''.
The most accurate summary of the main point of this text is:
A.Criticizing Mistakes in Kang Youwei's Calligraphy Research
B.Probe into the Causes of the Decline in the Art of Late Jie Calligraphy
c.Emphasizing the negative impact of imperial examinations on the art of calligraphy
D.Analysis of the relationship between writing patterns and creative atmosphere

d
To provide production units with chemical consumables that may cause occupational hazards, a Chinese manual should be provided.The instructions should specify product characteristics, main ingredients, existing harmful factors, possible hazard consequences, precautions for safe use, occupational hazard protection, and emergency measures.The product packaging should have eye-catching warning signs and Chinese warning instructions.
The text is intended to explain:
A.What needs to be covered in the manual
B.Provide instructions to warn of hazards
C.Cannot hide potential hazards
D.Clear Chinese warnings should be marked

c
From the history of science, no matter how great the theory is, it is only correct within a certain scope.Although the standard model is about to be confirmed, it is still located in the micro world and cannot explain the gravitation in the macro world.The author of the New Scientist wrote: "The Higgs boson (also known as the" God particle ") is the last piece of the standard model, but we know that there are other particles and forces outside this model." This means that, although "God particle "It may be the last jigsaw to verify the standard model, but it is definitely not the last jigsaw that humans know the truth of the universe.
What does not match the text?
A.Once the "God Particle" is confirmed, this may be confirmed by the standard model
B.Even if the "God Particle" is confirmed, our task of knowing the universe has not been completed
C.Even if the standard model is proven, it will never be the ultimate truth of the universe
D.If "God Particle" does not exist, it means that there are other particles outside the standard model

c
In just a few days, the four famous books "imaginary microblogging body" became popular on the Internet.If the 2006 "gimmick case" was taken as the origin, the road of "spoofing" by Chinese netizens has also been going for many years.At first, it was only for the purpose of Boredom.Later, in order to meet people's needs for humor, the successful "spoof" cases now increasingly require "connotation".This connotation must be "realistic".If there is no real pain point after the laugh, then Entertainment projects that are lacking in the soul may not really resonate with the public.
What is the main point of this passage?
A.China's "Internet spoof" has gone through three stages of development
B.Chinese netizens are no longer satisfied with pure Internet spoofing
C."Imaginary Weibo" uses "realism"
D."Imaginary Weibo Body" ڠRed stems from its attention to reality

a
"Early education" originally originated in Germany.It is an interactive activity that allows children to obtain coordinated development of physical, emotional, intellectual, personality, spiritual and other aspects in games and interactions with their parents.It is simply an interactive activity Parent-child interaction is an activity that aims to promote the growth of children.The "early education" of Chinese families is a different story; in a survey of "early education", it was found that pre-school education is mainly focused on literacy.Reading, computer, English, Japanese, etc.In addition to many kindergartens have been involved in special classes; parents more often take the time to take their children to participate in training classes, work on Chinese, English and mathematics.
What does this text mean?
A.China's "early education" should focus on knowledge learning
B."Early education" has deviated from the essence in China
C.China's "early education" is not conducive to children's growth
D.Differences between Chinese "early education" and Germany

d
In all forms of advertising, 83% only focus on attracting our vision.In fact, the auditory effect is also strong, but today the advertisers use only the advantage of hearing.Looking back, advertising only relied on its songs and slogans.Attracts our ears and largely ignores the sounds of daily life-like the sizzling sound of fried steak, the laughter of babies, and the whistle we will be attracted to involuntarily.Incorporate such things into an advertisement Maybe we won't be able to resist the charm of advertising.
What does the text mean?
A.The voice of everyday life may be more attractive in advertising
B.At present advertisers are only using visual advantages to advertise
C.Increasing the charm of advertising by using the voice of daily life
D.Advertising should fully consider people's hearing and visual feelings

a
One of the world s largest human resources service agencies, Mercer, recently released the Global Cost of Living Survey 2012, which states that Tokyo is the world s highest cost of living; Hong Kong, China ranks 9th; Shanghai, China And Beijing ranked 16th and 17th respectively; New York has the highest cost of living in the United States, but ranks 33rd in the world.The "cost of living" announced by Mercer specifically refers to government agencies and multinational companies stationed overseas in various cities The cost of living is not the same as the cost of living of residents in general.It confuses two different "costs of living", which is not only helpful for scientific comparison, but also easily leads to emotional tendencies.
What does this text mean?
A.The cost of living in Shanghai and Beijing is not higher than in New York
B.Confusion over the concept of "cost of living"
C.Costs of living in cities in different countries are not comparable
D.The cost of living for residents of large cities in China is not high

c
A homeless man drinking ice tea and looking at the fireworks blooming in the Lantern Festival, his smile is even brighter than the fireworks.This photo was reposted more than 60,000 times a day.Netizens were infected with such a simple smile, all called him "smile Brother ".At the beginning of the new year," I fell in love with this penniless day "," No money for one year: my loan-free life "," Resignation, go on a trip "...a lot of people teach how to" poor and happy New books appear in the reader's field of vision.These books ignore the admonition of "money is everything, and no money is absolutely impossible." Explain that without money, or spending less, you can also survive and be happy.
This text is intended to illustrate?
A.A happy life does not depend entirely on money
B.The contagious power of smiles in the Internet
C."Poor and merry" has become a popular theme
D.The joy of life is difficult to buy with money

b
The real estate tax is levied on the premise of holding for a certain period of time.The current pilot taxation practice is to levy the real estate tax equal to the deed tax, and when the property rights are traded, the real estate tax in the future will be levied in advance.It is obviously difficult to maintain a property tax rather than a turnover tax.Especially for the levy of existing houses, if there is no checkpoint for property ownership certificates, coupled with the long-term vacancy of houses, there is a lot of separation between owners and users.It is difficult to ensure that the Real Estate Court is fully collected.Therefore, like direct taxes such as personal income tax, a comprehensive grasp of personal housing information, the clever design of tax collection and management schemes, and changes in collection and management methods from passive to active are all in the process of real estate tax implementation.Issues to focus on.
This text is intended to emphasize
A.Defects in tax collection and management schemes
B.Real estate tax collection and management urgently need to be changed
C.Comprehensive personal housing information
D.Expansion of property tax pilots requires more caution

b
Aurora is the result of the interaction between high-energy particles from outside the atmosphere and atoms in the upper atmosphere.This interaction often occurs in the area around the Earth's magnetic poles.It is now known that as part of the solar wind, high-energy particles are The Earth's magnetic field captures and falls towards the magnetic poles.They collide with the atoms of oxygen and nitrogen, knocking off the electrons and making them into excited ions.These ions emit radiation of different wavelengths, producing red, green, or blue aurora characteristic colors.
According to this text, what is wrong with the following statement?
A.Solar wind produces aurora by self-discharge in the upper atmosphere
B.Earth's magnetic field strength affects the probability of occurrence of aurora
C.Excited ions can emit different colors
D."It" refers to oxygen and nitrogen atoms

d
Even if your eloquence can mediate among the veterans of the Senate, for survival, at present, you can only condescend to be a cosmetic salesman, and the generals can only perform a little on the chessboard, or worse, The ambition of drifting the Yangtze River and traveling the western region was transformed into a bump on the Mahjong table.A large number of Kafkas were crouched in the office and became flightless holebirds.A mixed evening newspaper obscured the dusk of the city, Several TV channels soothe the injustice, and endless computer software helps energetic boys and girls to vent their excess desires, and Haosen's boundless Internet has even made people lose the courage to admit that they have no boundaries but no boundaries.
What is the main point of this passage?
A.Many people's talents are buried by ruthless reality
B.Modern people find it difficult to become talented because of too many temptations
C.There are many potential people hidden in our lives
D.People are easily reduced to mediocrity in the current era

a
The street community is the basic unit of urban community management and the basic carrier for residents to live and work in peace.In the construction of the community, we must adhere to the people-oriented, residents-oriented, grasp the joint points, contact points and growth points of the interests of all parties, and build a common governance and shared civilization.Communities and harmonious homes.Combined with the fact that the community has a large population mobility and a large number of idle people in the community, it will strengthen law promotion and education, continuously improve community management services, and enhance residents' legal awareness and concept of the rule of law.
What does this passage mean?
A.Harmonious homes are more important than civilized communities
B.Residents' activities are based on communities
C.The types of community building activities should be diverse
D.Basic tasks of strengthening community building

d
Clay appears to be a more fertile, composed of more minerals, but it may be the origin of life on Earth.In the simulation of ancient sea water, clay formed hydrogels-which are absorbed by a large amount The tiny space composition of the liquid (like a sponge).In the past billions of years, the chemicals that have been trapped in these spaces may have undergone complex reactions, which have led to the formation of proteins, deoxyribonucleic acids, and ultimately fine living bubbles.The hydrogel formed by clay may have restrained and protected the above chemical processes until the development of a cell membrane surrounded by living fine vesicles.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Clay is rich in nutrients needed for life
B.Protective effect of hydrogel on biochemical reactions
C.The role of clay in the origin of life on Earth
D.Earth life may have originated from clay

c
At different times, about 7,000 plants and hundreds of animals were used as food by humans.The loss of species will reduce the diversity of food and make humans rely on only a few major foods, thus breaking the balanced diet structure of people In addition, with forests, the loss of species in the field can lead to an increase in certain pathogens, which are the culprits of disease in organisms.Some of the animals, plants and microorganisms most likely to become extinct are actually "buffers" for the spread of infectious diseases.Areas, they bear many diseases before they become infected.
The following statements are inconsistent with the original:
A.Endemic species can buffer the spread of infectious diseases
B.Loss of biodiversity affects human health
C.Loss of species threatens human food safety
D.The delicate relationship between species diversity and disease infection

a
Language users distributed in different places have accumulated common or unique experiences in production and life in the long-term development process.These experiences or knowledge systems are condensed in the language.Each language group has different understandings of nature The aspects have reached different depths, forming a complementary distribution of the cognitive structure, and together constitute the deep knowledge system of human broadcasting.
The text is intended to explain:
A.Language promotes the differentiation of the knowledge system of various groups
B.Human groups develop and use experience and knowledge through language
C.Human knowledge systems are preserved and constructed verbally by different groups
D.The depth and breadth of the experience and knowledge systems of human groups

d
The wind blew the trees on the roadside, tore the cloth cover of the electric household, unveiled the policy on the wall, dazzled the sun, sang, yelled, roared, echoed; suddenly slumped, like madness The elf that sprinted away hurriedly; suddenly panic, rolled around in all directions, like a demon who decided to ram around somehow; suddenly swept, attacked everything on the ground by his unpreparedness, twisted the branches, The roof tile was blown off and the electric wire was broken; however, Xiangzi was watching there; he had just come out of the wind, and the wind had failed to treat him!
The text is intended to emphasize:
A.Harsh environment
B.The plight of life
C.Strongness of Xiangzi
D.Hardships for a living

c
Ancient civilizations generally formed inland areas along the mid-latitude rivers, suitable climate and fertile soil conditions are more suitable for human activities.With the development of science and technology, these factors have gradually been weakened, and human activities have shifted from inland to coastal areas.The economic gradient of modern coastal to inland appeared.Comparing the environmental differences between ancient civilizations and modern coastal civilizations, the core of which is the change in the related environmental requirements of transportation and accessibility.However, the development of highway and railway traffic on the road And brought new opportunities to the development of the inner roads.
From this text, it can be concluded that:
A.Civilization has different requirements for environmental factors in different periods
B.Environmental factors are essential for the formation of civilization in a certain period
C.The development of science and technology can change the requirements of civilization on environmental factors in a certain period
D.Transport can bring new opportunities to the development of a region at different times

a
Since the 1990s, with the development of high technology, earthquake prediction research has opened up new fields.Some countries have applied existing satellite information to conduct research in various aspects, and have initially shown that seismic activity is associated with regional and local anomalies.In the late 20th century, the implementation of a series of major global earth science programs has made many important advances, providing a lot of scientific data for humans to explore the earth, understand its internal structure, and provide a new foundation for earthquake prediction research.
The most appropriate summary of this text is:
A.The development of science and technology brings more possibilities for the development of earthquake prediction
B.The accuracy of visual earthquake prediction has reached a high level
C.Regional and local anomalies can more accurately predict the occurrence of earthquakes
D.The current ability to predict earthquakes is still in its infancy and is far from social needs

a
Socialism should have a high degree of democracy, a complete legal system and a stable social environment.At the initial stage, there are many factors of instability, so it is particularly important to maintain stability and unity.It is necessary to correctly handle the contradictions among the people, but at the same time, the people's democratic dictatorship cannot be weakened.The construction of a democratic democracy has special urgency because of the profound effects of feudalism, and because it is limited by historical and social conditions, it can only be carried out in an orderly and stepwise manner.
What is the most accurate rephrasing of this passage?
A.Strive to build democracy with the premise of stability and solidarity
B.Vigorously develop a stable and united political situation
C.Efforts must be made to build democracy and promote stability and unity
D.Work hard to build socialist democracy

c
Civil society is an intermediate field between the state and the private, and it will inevitably highlight the subjectivity of the individual's value and oppose the state's overall control of the individual.It recognizes and encourages individuals to develop free personality and create awareness.Therefore, civil society provides a broad space for personal development, which is consistent with the value goal of socialist development itself--adhering to the scientific development concept and promoting the free and comprehensive development of people.
What does the text of this paragraph mean?
A.Civil society is a middle ground between the state and the private.
B.Civil society inevitably highlights the subjectivity of individuals' values, opposes state control of individuals, and encourages the free development of personality.
C.Civil society provides a vast space for personal development, which is consistent with the value goals of socialist development.
D.Civil society encourages individuals to develop free personality and create awareness.

c
Another technical challenge in environmental protection is how to shorten the aeration time in the biochemical reaction tank during the sewage treatment process to improve the sewage treatment speed.One of the solutions is to find more suitable microorganisms in the activated sludge; the other method is An enzyme is added to the sludge to speed up the reaction speed.The enzyme acts as a catalyst in the biochemical reaction and will not reduce itself.However, recovering the enzyme from biological products and sludge is a difficult problem.Magnetic separation technology can also come in handy here: using the magnetic susceptibility difference of enzymes and sludge, they can be separated by a high gradient separator.At the same time, a certain intensity magnetic field can promote the growth and reproduction of some microorganisms, thereby making the sewage The microorganisms in the mud increase the reaction speed and speed up the sewage treatment.
Which of the following shows that one of the real functions of magnetic separation technology in wastewater treatment is?
A.Shorten the residence aeration time in the biochemical reaction tank during the sewage treatment process to improve the sewage treatment speed.
B.Promote the growth and reproduction of microorganisms in sludge, increase the reaction speed of microorganisms, and speed up the treatment of sewage.
C.Use a high gradient magnetic separator to separate the enzymes with different susceptibility from the sludge, thereby recovering the enzymes in the sludge.
D.Find more suitable microorganisms in the activated sludge or add an enzyme to the sludge to speed up the reaction speed of the sewage.

a
The commercialization of technology is the process of transforming technological achievements into commodities and entering them into the field of circulation for transactions to realize their value; the entire process is actually the realization of natural and social technologies.
What's the most accurate rephrasing of this passage?
A.Describes the process of technology commercialization
B.What processes are involved in the commercialization of technology
C.The essence of technology commercialization
D.Technology commercialization is a very complicated process

d
How are odor molecules converted into olfactory signals and transmitted to the brain? American scientists Richard Axel and Linda Barker found that when odor molecules are combined with olfactory receptors, odor molecules as chemical signals pass through C.TP, the complex role of olfactory receptors of binding proteins (commonly known as C.protein), is transformed into electrical signals and then starts a relay run along the olfactory nerve.These signals first enter the skull from the nasal cavity and are finally transmitted to Certain subtle areas of the brain's olfactory cortex, where they are translated into specific olfactory information, are perceived by people.This is the complete theory of olfactory signal pathways that Axel and Buck have described for us.
What is the following misunderstanding of Axel and Buck's olfactory signal pathway theory?
A.Odor molecules are transformed from chemical signals to electrical signals by the olfactory receptors belonging to the G protein.
B.The end of the olfactory signal pathway is some fine regions in the olfactory cortex of the brain.
C.The olfactory signal pathway theory describes the process by which odor molecules are converted into olfactory signals and transmitted to the brain.
D.Smell molecules that are chemical signals reach certain fine regions of the olfactory cortex of the brain and are translated into olfactory information.

a
Chinese drama can be summed up in three sentences to indicate its characteristics, namely: action dance, language music, and set patterning.The combination of these three can be described as the art of life.Wang Guowei's "Words and Words in the World" said, There should be no gap in literature.But from the perspective of Chinese drama, the opposite is true.The strength of Chinese drama is that it is separated from real life.Western drama seeks to be realistic.However, Chinese drama is only a game of ambiguity.That is, if painting, the West also needs to be realistic and realistic, so even the shadows are drawn.Chinese painting is a way of abstracting from reality, which is important, which is important in the charm, in the artistic conception, and is superior Works.Chinese painting is also called "play pen", which is the meaning.Chinese Peking Opera is also like painting, and it must be unrealistic.At least in this regard, Chinese Peking Opera has been the main source of the common spirit of Chinese art .
What could explain the "common spirit of Chinese art"?
A.Keeping distance from reality is important in Shen Yun and artistic conception
B.teach people to relax and teach people to be relieved
C.There should be no separation between art and life
D.Painting, dancing and music of life events

d
Another important factor that makes anthropology slowly grow is that Europeans are only gradually realizing that under the cover of all these differences, they may share basic "human nature" with people everywhere.Those who do not share basic cultural values with European Society are labeled "uncivilized" or "barbaric".Until the middle of the 18th century, a considerable number of European talents began to think that the behavior of such people was completely related to their own understanding.Such an era has come: Increasingly, people are trying to explain things in accordance with natural law, questioning traditional interpretations based on authoritative texts, and growing interest in human diversity.
What is the most appropriate understanding of "human diversity"?
A.The cultural differences between different nationalities and their differences in age, gender, personality, etc.
B.Different origins of human beings and people's unique views on different nationalities and cultures.
C.Differences in folk customs and identifications with "uncivilized" or "barbaric" peoples.
D.Differences in cultural values among different nations and their unique behaviors.

c
The Grand Canal involves the two ancient cultures of the Yellow River and the Yangtze River, the core area of civilization, and is connected to important cultural areas in Chinese history, such as Yan Culture, Qilu Culture, and Wu Yue Culture.Its coasts are areas where ancient China has a concentrated population and dense cultural sites.Throughout the ages, the Grand Canal has left rich cultural monuments.It is known as the "Ancient Cultural Corridor", and its cultural relics are of extraordinary value and significance.Not only that, the length of the Grand Canal has been excavated and it has also set a new era.The record of disdain for the world, especially the dozens of cities along the coast with unique cultural landscapes and folk customs, has preserved the extremely characteristic inland river culture.However, the Grand Canal, which is the crystallization of the wisdom and creativity of the Chinese people, is not included in the country today.No major cultural relics protection unit has a special law and law without prejudice affirming and guaranteeing its historical status.The status of the protection of the Grand Canal is worrying.In addition to thousands of years of riverbank breaches, silting, water shortage and another natural In addition, there are more chaotic expenditure channels, intercepting the flow of water, and unreasonable human factors.Because many rivers use natural lakes and natural rivers, many people do not recognize the Grand Canal.It is also the case that cultural heritage or cultural relics and historic sites are randomly renovated due to local interests when they are three years old.The management system by province also makes it impossible to form a comprehensive and comprehensive plan for the protection of the Grand Canal.
The following list, which item does not meet the original meaning?
A.The Grand Canal actually connects the bridges and bonds of several important cultural areas in ancient China
B.In terms of excavation time and scale, the Grand Canal is beyond the reach of similar projects in the world.
C.Some river sections borrow lakes and rivers, affecting the cultural heritage sites of the Grand Canal.
D.The value of the cultural relics of the Grand Canal cannot exceed the unbiased affirmation and protection of special legal laws today.

c
A sandstorm is a catastrophic weather phenomenon that interacts with wind and sand.Its formation has an inseparable relationship with the global greenhouse effect, the El Ni?o phenomenon, the sharp decline in forests, the destruction of vegetation, the extinction of species, and climatic anomalies.Among them, population expansion leads to The over-exploitation of natural resources, over-cutting of trees, and over-reclamation of land are the main reasons for sandstorms.As a high-intensity wind and sand disaster, not all windy places can occur, only those areas with arid climate and sparse vegetation.Only dust storms can occur.Bare soil on the exposed surface can easily be rolled up by a strong storm to form a sand storm or even a strong sand storm.Sand storms are no less harmful to humans, animals, and buildings than typhoons and tornadoes.In recent years, dust storms have occurred in northwest China and even in northeast China.The emergence of the disease, especially in the northwest, has been severely affected by sandstorms more than 20 times.
Which of the following statements is inconsistent with the original meaning?
A.The formation of sandstorms is inseparable from a variety of natural and human factors
B.Excessive tree felling by humans is one of the main causes of sandstorms
C.Sandstorms are high-intensity wind and sand disasters, which are more harmful to humans, animals and buildings than typhoons and tornadoes.
D.In recent years, the northwest region has been repeatedly exposed to sandstorms and suffering

b
When people have a need for rest and when animals are hitting tons, many people are often displeased when they see the animals resting.They just want the animals to show themselves and perform actions at any time, regardless of whether they are tired.This is to make themselves happy.Indecent behavior based on the pain of others.Some people think that it is always good to show love for feeding animals, wrong! Feeding casually will only cause harm to animals.Animals raised in captivity often have a small amount of exercise, eat too much or consume high fat, and high-sugar foods will make the body fat, which will affect physical fitness and nutritional balance, and even affect normal reproduction.Feeding at will is also easy to infect diseases.Therefore, when approaching animals, please watch or take pictures of civilization to make people and animals leave a good impression on each other.
According to the original text, what can't be launched?
A.People should not blindly force animals to maintain sufficient energy at all times
B.People should know how to care for animals, and pay more attention to the diet structure
C.Keep a dietary balance for captive animals, or they may affect reproduction
D.Feeding animals carelessly and hygienic can lead to animal illness

d
Think about the origin of the fertile land, you can't help but have a feeling of remote generations.The planet we lived in was the lonely big stone ball without the layer of soil in the oldest times.The power of the solar wind and rain, and the bodies of primitive creatures, have created layers of soil for the earth.Every millennium and thousands of years, the soil adds a thin layer.Think of our North China loess with a thickness of 50 meters Plateau! How long should that be a masterpiece of nature!
Which of the following options is incorrectly understood?
A.The formation of fertile land has been amazing for a long time
B.The soil on the Loess Plateau in North China is up to 50 meters thick.It is a masterpiece of nature.
C.With the power of the solar wind and rain plus the corpse of the primitive creatures, it took many billions of years to create layers of soil for the earth
D.The planet we inhabited was a lonely large stone with rare signs of life in the oldest times

c
British scientists have developed a type of artificial satellite dedicated to the removal of space trash.This is what we call the space "cleaner".It can help solve the headache of space trash.The mass of the space "cleaner" is only 6 kg.The total cost of manufacturing and launching is less than 1 million U.S.dollars, don't look at it as small, it is not small, it is equipped with 4 cameras for searching up and down, left and right, front and back.When you see space trash, it Immediately approached, and then grasped the "trick or treat" tightly, and then forced the space junk to slow down the flight speed with itself and reduce the height under the effect of gravity.Once it entered the dense atmosphere, the high temperature caused by the fierce air friction caused Them will be burned together.From the ground, it is like a falling meteor in the sky.If the volume of the garbage is too large to be completely burned in the atmosphere, the "cleaner" can also control the landing time and let its debris fall to the desert.Or in the ocean, it will neither threaten the spacecraft in the air nor cause trouble to the people on the ground.
What is wrong with the above materials?
A.The main content of this material is to explain the characteristics of space "cleaners" and their uses
B.Space "cleaners" rely on its own equipped cameras to search space trash from multiple directions
C.Space "cleaners" can control landing time during the process of burning with space trash
D.Space "cleaner" is light in weight and low in cost, so it can be burned with space trash entering the dense atmosphere

d
In history, many people with lofty ideals have made extraordinary achievements in the struggle against setbacks.After suffering a palace sentence, Sima Qian was angry with the book and wrote the famous book "Historical Records", which was praised by Lu Xun as "the historian's absolute sing, no rhyme..Musician Beethoven, the setbacks he encountered in his life are indescribable.He lost his mother at the age of 17, was deaf at the age of 26, and then fell into the pain of being in love.What a shock for a musician.!! But Beethoven was not depressed and discouraged, he wrote in a letter: "I will choke the throat of fate, and it is delusional to make me yield.This can never be done!" He always lives stubbornly, works hard, Becomes an immortal musician in the world.
This passage mainly supports such an argument, isn't it?
A.Extraordinary performance can only be achieved through setbacks
B.The philanthropic man succeeded because it strangled the fate's throat
C.Frustration can bring suffering, but it can often hone one's will
D.In the long river of history, a large number of great people persist in fighting hardships and achieving extraordinary results

c
What the people do well, what the people do evil.The environment is people's livelihood, the green mountains are beautiful, and the blue sky is also happiness.The development of the economy is for people's livelihood, and the protection of the ecological environment is also for people's livelihood.It is necessary to create more material and spiritual wealth to meet the people's increasing needs for a better life, and to provide more high-quality ecological products to meet the people's increasing needs for a beautiful ecological environment.We must persist in ecologically benefiting the people, benefiting the people, and ecologically for the people, focusing on solving prominent environmental problems that harm the health of the people, accelerating the improvement of the quality of the ecological environment, providing more high-quality ecological products, striving to achieve social fairness and justice, and constantly satisfying the growing beauty of the people Ecological environment needs.
This text is intended to?
A.Explain the basic concepts of harmonious coexistence between man and nature
B.Call on the people to participate in the construction of ecological civilization
C.Emphasize that a good ecological environment is the welfare of the people
D.Reveal that green water and green mountains are the development concept of Jinshan and Yinshan

a
The huge labor supply has supported the rapid economic development since the reform and opening up, and formed a demographic dividend.However, the population size does not necessarily translate into a demographic dividend, and basic cultural qualities are also needed.Since the reform and opening up, China has placed basic education in an important position, formulated compulsory education law and other laws and regulations, and continuously increased investment in related fields, thus ensuring the improvement of the quality of the labor force.In recent years, as the level of aging continues to increase, the labor force has shown signs of shrinking in size.In order to achieve sustainable economic development under the new labor supply conditions, it is necessary to implement employee quality construction projects, promote the construction of a large army of knowledge-based, technical and innovative laborers, and promote the transformation of the demographic dividend into a talent dividend.
This text mainly says?
A.The current situation puts forward new requirements for improving the quality of the population
B.Education is the key to achieving sustainable economic development
C.The current economic development needs to release the demographic dividend
D.Improving the quality of the labor force needs to strengthen basic education

a
The Western Pacific Ocean is the most concentrated sea area in the global seamount system, but humans have very limited knowledge of the seamount here.The Mariana Trench in the Western Pacific Ocean is a plate subduction zone.The seabed geological movement is very active.The material composition and genesis of seamount volcanic rocks are of interest to marine geological scientists.Impact is a key area of ​​concern for physical ocean scientists; here is also the largest triangular area of ​​coral reefs with the highest marine biodiversity in the world, which is a hotspot area for the study of the origin and evolution of marine life.Therefore, marine scientists can carry out multidisciplinary collaborative exploration and research on the hydrophysical, chemical and biogenic factors, topography, geological environment and biological ecology of seamounts.
This text mainly introduces?
A.Important value of scientific research in the Western Pacific
B.People's understanding of the Western Pacific Seamount System
C.Marine resources contained in the Western Pacific Region
D.Impact of the Western Pacific on China's climate and geology

c
Communication and mutual learning is a sign of progress in human society and a scale of civilization development.From the existence of economic and trade exchanges on the ancient Silk Road, the Tea Road, and the Spice Road, to the development of cooperation in the new era such as the “Belt and Road” and “Two Corridors and One Circle”, Asian countries have overcome challenges to achieve mutual development Overcome difficulties and hardships.The integration of civilizations has promoted the development of productive forces in Asian countries and has broken the original closed-door state of the nation.As a result, the Asian people have broadened their horizons, established friendship, and gained abundance.In the interaction of civilizations that influence each other, communicate with each other, merge with each other, and build with each other, Eastern culture is also inclusive with Western culture, and is constantly moving towards a new stage of human progress.The ancient Greek proverb "Brightness comes from the East" is a vivid and poetic illustration of the blending of Eastern and Western civilizations.
The most suitable for this text title is?
A.Cultural integration, the driving force for the development of Asian productivity
B."Belt and Road", a channel for the spread of civilization
C.Exchange and mutual learning to promote the sustainable development of human civilization
D.Tolerance and progress together, building an interaction between Eastern and Western civilizations

d
The world is in a period of major development, major changes and major adjustments.Peace and development remain the themes of the times.The global multi-polarization, economic globalization, social informatization, and cultural diversification are developing in depth.The global governance system and the reform of the international order are accelerating.The interconnection and interdependence of countries are deepening.The balance of international power is becoming more balanced.The trend of peaceful development is irreversible.At the same time, the instability and uncertainty faced by the world is outstanding, the world ’s economic growth momentum is insufficient, the polarization between the rich and the poor is becoming more and more serious, regional hotspot issues are emerging, and non-traditional security threats such as terrorism, cybersecurity, major infectious diseases, and climate change continue to spread.Humanity faces many common challenges.
The text next talks about?
A.Why do we think that the current world is in an era of development and radical change
B.China is an important force for maintaining world peace and promoting common development of the world
C.Correctly understand and grasp the theme of the times is the basis for countries to formulate policies
D.People of all countries should work together to meet the various risks and challenges we face

a
On the battlefield, human-computer collaboration has been replaced by artificial intelligence, at least for the moment it is difficult to happen in a short time.The problems that artificial intelligence can solve are limited.Replacement will first occur in some areas, but human-machine collaboration is still inseparable.The main means of implementing artificial intelligence is machine learning, and deep learning is a way to achieve machine learning.Although deep learning has achieved very good results in many fields at present, but it involves tasks that require creativity on the battlefield, can not give clear definitions and boundaries, and lack of digital knowledge experience.So for a period of time in the future, machines will play a more auxiliary role in the field of combat, and the final decision-making is still inseparable from humans.
This text is intended to explain?
A.Human-machine collaboration will still play an important role on the battlefield
B.The learning ability of artificial intelligence needs to be further improved
C.The battlefield environment places higher demands on machine learning
D.Artificial intelligence cannot yet adapt to complex battlefield needs

d
In ground equipment, lithium-ion batteries are mainly used in military unmanned ground vehicles, robots, hybrid electric combat vehicles, etc.For ground tanks powered by hybrid oil and electricity, the use of lithium-ion batteries as a power source can not only reduce fuel consumption and reduce logistical burden, but also improve the tactical vehicle's power and survivability.At present, the multinational military has stepped up the research and development of lithium-ion battery modules for hybrid electric-powered combat vehicles, unmanned ground vehicles, and ground robots.However, for large-scale ground equipment, weak lithium-ion battery power is the main factor restricting its further application.Therefore, in the future, it is necessary to continue to develop lithium ion batteries with high specific power and low cost to meet the mission requirements of ground equipment.
According to this passage, lithium-ion batteries?
A.There are deficiencies in the application of large equipment
B.Widely applicable in military applications
C.Being vigorously developed as a new battery by various countries
D.is the development direction of the future battlefield power source

c
Kite Continuous Line" is an artistic concept put forward by Wu Guanzhong around the 1980s, which has had an important influence on the history of Chinese contemporary art.It seems that this is an elaboration on the internal connection between "formal beauty" and "abstract beauty".In fact, it emphasizes that no matter how innovative the artistic creation is, and how to let yourself go, you can't stay away from real life.In Wu Guanzhong's view, abstract painting is like flying a kite.A kite is a work.It is a kind of art form abstracted by the author from materials and feelings in life.sky.In order to fly a kite into the sky, the artist must "have a line connecting the work and the source of life".Only by "knitting the line constantly" can art have a foundation and maintain communication with the audience.
The following points are consistent with the concept of "Kite Continuous Line"?
A.Art comes from life and is higher than life
B.The first purpose of art is to reproduce reality
C.Art creation should be based on life
D.Art loses its soil after leaving the people

d
The food and drug safety traceability system is a system that relies on modern information technology to warn of potential food and drug safety hazards.The reason why it is widely adopted by some countries is that on the one hand, it can reduce the cost of information acquisition by the regulatory authorities and improve the efficiency of supervision; on the other hand, it can also force companies to increase their safety awareness and actively carry out risk control.This system has been introduced to China for many years and is reflected in relevant laws and regulations and action plans.However, in practice, the problems of regional division and division of government are still outstanding, and there is no efficient local linkage and joint efforts of departments, which lacks the overall effect on solving food and drug safety problems.
This text is intended to emphasize?
A.China's food and drug safety traceability system still needs to be improved
B.Perfect food and drug safety traceability system has important value
C.Relevant departments should strengthen the supervision of food and drug safety
D.Multi-party cooperation is the key to solving food and drug safety issues

c
The navigation satellite is located at an altitude of 20,000 kilometers, and it can navigate by receiving signals within the range covered by it.In deep space beyond 20,000 kilometers, a new navigation system is needed.Astronomers have proposed several possible navigation systems, the most talked about is pulsar navigation.Pulsars are a type of neutron star.The direction of the magnetic pole can produce radio or X-ray radiation.When the rotation axis does not coincide with the magnetic pole and the rotation axis sweeps across the earth, a pulse will be generated.Some of these pulsars have very good rotational stability and can be compared to the best atomic clocks on Earth, so these pulsars are also called "atomic clocks in the universe".If they can receive their signals and know their position, they can use these pulsars for interplanetary navigation.
The text most likely to be introduced next is?
A.Other atomic clocks similar to pulsars in the universe
B.Some difficulties currently faced in interplanetary navigation
C.Experiments to verify the feasibility of pulsar navigation
D.Factors affecting pulsar rotation stability

d
Whether it is the 19th-century European literature represented by Balzac or the modern Chinese literature led by Lu Xun, most of the high-impact realism flags have reclaimed life and shaped the typical.The literary creations since the new period have basically adhered to the realist standpoint and are relatively good at exposing and analysing the negative and objective truth in life, which is completely necessary and very precious.However, some novels lack the creation of positive factors and positive images in life, and lack the appeal for positive values ​​and emotions.In fact, the creation of realism uses humanitarian thought as a weapon, not only focusing on the analysis of the dark side of society, but also on showing the highlights of life; not only on the accuracy and depth of criticizing the dark side of society, but also on the writer ’s care and sympathy for the fate of the characters .
This text mainly criticizes the problems in literary creation since the new period?
A.The shaping of typical characters is too rigid
B.The writer lacks attention to real life
C.Lack of inheritance of excellent literary tradition
D.Some novels have a negative tendency

a
Guilt compensation strategy refers to a strategy that does not directly make a request, but emphasizes that the other party ’s responsibilities cause them to be in a dilemma and cause the other party to feel guilty, so that the other party compensates itself.
According to the above definition, the following reflects the guilt compensation strategy?
A.A confided to Li that he was deceived miserably because of mistrusting his mass messages, so Li borrowed money without interest to do business with A for peace of mind
B.B was late for work and was criticized by the leader.After returning home, he blamed his wife for failing to wake him up in time and asked his wife to be responsible for bringing the children at night.The wife agreed to him.
C.C drove and invited Chen Mou to go on an outing.On the way, C accidentally sprained his foot and had to take leave to recuperate.Chen felt very guilty and decided to help C pick up and drop his children to and from school
D.Ding accidentally fell while cleaning Zhuang ’s house.Zhuang heard that the housekeeping company said Ding ’s family was very difficult, and he paid 5,000 yuan for Ding ’s treatment.

d
Fair use refers to the non-commercial use of works published by others under the circumstances clearly stipulated by law, without the permission of the copyright owner, and without having to pay remuneration to them."Laws expressly stipulated by the law" mainly include? (1) For the purpose of personal study, research, or appreciation, the works published by others have been used; (2) The works published have been performed free of charge; Copy, paint, photograph and record art works; (4) Translate published works created in Chinese language into minority languages ​​and publish them.
According to the above regulations, the following are fair use?
A.A sang a unpublished song at the class party
B.B translated an English work into a Mongolian work and published it
C.Company C produced the sculptures in public squares and released them as pictures
D.In order to write a paper, Deng copied the papers published by Geng for reference

c
Objective-value fallacy is a wrong reasoning, the premise of which is a factual description, and the conclusion expresses a description involving the meaning of value, and this kind of reasoning does not presume obvious value judgment premises.
According to the above definition, the following are objective-value fallacies?
A.There should be more communication and communication between people, more understanding and tolerance, and there will be fewer and fewer nation-states in the world
B.Since everyone must abide by discipline and law, then we should respect the law and respect the rules.
C.The world has become more and more urbanized, so people should not continue to live poetically in the countryside
D.The greening rate in this area is constantly improving, and the air quality will be continuously improving

b
Social fission is a profit-driven business model.Promoting the spread and sales of products through social interaction between people is essentially motivating customers through profit-driven and thus forming fission.
According to the above definition, the following are not social fission?
A.After selecting a certain product, a Wechat customer shares it in their social circle.After the friend helps to bargain, the customer can buy it at a low price, and also promotes the product
B.After purchasing a favorite product, a WeChat user often took pictures and posted them in the circle of friends.Slowly everyone knows that she likes to buy high-end luxury goods
C.After a customer of an e-commerce platform successfully purchases a product, share the link, and everyone who clicks can get a random amount of coupons provided by the merchant
D.Old customers of a coffee shop can get a set voucher after participating in the "Invite friends to drink coffee for free" event

d
Animal-assisted therapy is a process that uses animals as a medium to improve or maintain the physical condition of people with disabilities through human-animal contact, or to help them strengthen interaction with the outside world, thereby promoting rehabilitation and adapting to society.
According to the above definition, the following situations are not animal adjuvant therapy?
A.Mild pigs with mild temperament are suitable to accompany autistic patients and reduce their anxiety when facing the crowd
B.Capuchin monkeys can help physically handicapped people to complete simple actions in daily life, such as opening and closing doors, controlling remote controls, etc.
C.The ferret badger will make a sound when the owner is mentally ill, to warn the owner, so that the owner can take the medicine in time
D.The British shorthair cat is docile and non-aggressive, quiet and close to the owner, suitable for the elderly living alone

a
The arithmetic mean describes the average trend of a set of data and is the quotient of the sum of all data divided by the number of data.When using it in statistics, it should be noted that when extreme values, vague data or heterogeneous data appear, the arithmetic mean cannot be calculated.
According to the above definition, the following are suitable for calculating the arithmetic mean?
A.A community counts the average age of residents in the community, including 204 children under 10 years old and 26 elderly people over 90 years old
B.A company counts the average annual income of young employees under the age of 35, and finds that it is basically between 100,000 and 120,000 yuan.One of them is a company executive and the annual income is more than one million yuan.
C.A school counts the average height of young people in the school, and counts all the students in the preschool, primary school and secondary school of the school
D.A city counts the average number of left-behind children in various districts and counties of the city.Among the districts and counties with a large number of migrant workers, accurate statistics are not available, and only the estimated data are provided.

b
Screenwriter-style viewers refer to people who do not mind being spoiled when watching film and television dramas, and even inquire about the introduction of the plot in advance and read various film reviews.This kind of viewers' desire to control the development of the plot does not like to be unexpected.
According to the above definition, the following are screenwriters?
A.After watching a good movie, Xiao Wang felt that he should share it with his girlfriend, so he invited his girlfriend to watch a movie at the cinema and introduced her to the main content of the movie.
B.Xiao Du emphasizes rational thinking on everything.For movies, he only has the urge to watch when he understands the authoritative evaluation, plot content, and picture characteristics.
C.Xiao Li is a fan of suspenseful movies.He likes to intoxicate in the brain-burning plot, and his mood fluctuates with the plot.He often assumes that he is a detective and always casts a gaze on others.
D.Uncle Zhang ’s wife watched TV series at home all day after retirement, knowing the plot of many TV series, and often telling the plot to Uncle Zhang

a
The medium refers to a nutrient matrix prepared by combining different nutrients for the growth and reproduction of microorganisms, plants or animals (or tissues), and generally contains carbohydrates, nitrogen-containing substances, inorganic salts, vitamins, water and other substances .Natural medium is a medium made from animals, plants or microorganisms including their extracts; synthetic medium is a medium prepared according to the composition of natural medium, using chemical substances to simulate synthesis and artificial design; semi-combination medium is It is mainly prepared by chemical reagents, and a medium with a small amount of natural ingredients is also added.
According to the above definition, the following are semi-combination media?
A.In order to study the growth of chicken embryo cells, a small amount of corn juice is added to a medium of saline amino acid solution
B.In order to promote the growth of lactic acid bacteria, use the medium made of wheat wort
C.In order to accelerate the growth of green radix, the medium made of organic components, mineral elements, agar, etc.in the ratio of 3? 1? 2
D.To observe the production of Clostridium perfringens, add 10 ml of ferrous sulfate medium to 1000 ml of fresh milk

b
A characteristic of barred-headed geese in flight is that they often fly in a certain formation, usually the bird in the back flies behind the side of the previous bird, so there is a common "human" formation.Some researchers think that this formation can reduce air resistance and reduce energy consumption.However, opponents think that if it is to reduce drag, birds should choose a straight formation, because a flight that follows a flight can reduce it to the greatest extent.The air resistance that small followers need to overcome.
Which of the following, if true, can best question the opponent ’s conclusion?
A.During the flight, the leading geese will change positions with their rear companions from time to time, otherwise they are easily exhausted
B.The bar-headed goose drifts away from its companion in front of it, although it can not minimize the air resistance, it can greatly reduce the physical energy consumption required for ascent
C.The bar-headed goose will need to determine the direction when flying, so it will not always line up in the shape of a "human"
D.In speed skating competitions, athletes often advance in the shape of a "person".One athlete is ahead, the other three are close behind, and the latter three players benefit from the reduced resistance.

a
All living organisms need metabolism, otherwise life will stop.The same is true of civilization, if long-term self-closure, it will definitely decline.Exchanges and mutual learning are essential requirements for the development of civilization.Only by communicating with other civilizations and learning from each other's strengths can we maintain a strong vitality.
From this we can deduce?
A.If a civilization does not communicate with other civilizations and learn from each other, it cannot maintain its vitality.
B.A civilization will not decline if it is not closed for a long time
C.If a civilization communicates with other civilizations and learns from each other's strengths, it can maintain its vitality and vitality
D.If a civilization does not maintain strong vitality, it will not learn from other civilizations.

a
If Xiao Zhang goes to Xinjiang this summer, he must visit Turpan and Kanas, otherwise he will not go; only if he travels with Xiao Li, Xiao Zhang will travel to Turpan or Tianchi; if he travels with Xiao Li, Zhang must travel with Xiao Li Make an appointment; if Xiao Zhang and Xiao Li make an appointment, then Xiao Li must have time this summer.Regrettably, this summer, Xiao Li's unit came to an emergency mission, and the related personnel must not ask for leave, and Xiao Li is no exception.
From this we can deduce?
A.Xiao Zhang did not go to Xinjiang this summer
B.Xiao Zhang goes to Kanas this summer
C.Xiao Zhang goes to Tianchi this summer
D.Xiao Zhang goes to Turpan this summer

d
An animal's eggs will be hatched by the microorganisms in the soil and the heat generated when compost breaks down organic matter, but these microorganisms (including bacteria) can also penetrate the eggshell and infect the embryo, which naturally exceeds 20%.However, there is a bird named Congzuo Pheasant in Australia, whose egg infection rate is only 9%.The researchers found that the eggshell contains lysozyme, and the researchers believe that this substance is likely to resist The key factor for bacterial infestation.
Which of the following, if true, does not weaken the above conclusion?
A.The amount of lysozyme in the eggshell of Congzuo Pheasant is about the same as that of other animals
B.The egg shell of Congzuo Pheasant is wrapped by a layer of nanometer calcium carbonate, which has stronger water resistance and resistance to bacterial invasion
C.Congzuo Pheasant emits a special smell, which will reduce the number of bacteria attached to its eggshell
D.Compared with the egg shells of other animals, the egg shell of Congzuo Pheasant is one-third thinner and more vulnerable to microbial invasion

c
As the temperature rises, the chance of a tropical rainforest being struck by lightning and causing a fire will also increase.However, current monitoring shows that although the American rainforests are struck by lightning more frequently, they have not triggered more forest fires.The researchers believe that this may be related to a large increase in vine plants in the rain forest in recent years.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Lightning strikes often cause fires in temperate forests, but tropical rain forests do not cause major fires due to high humidity
B.In 1968, the coverage rate of vine plants in the tropical rain forest was 32%, and the current coverage rate has reached as high as 60%, and some areas even exceed 75%
C.The vine stem has a lower resistance than the branch, and can conduct lightning like a lightning rod on a building, allowing most of the current to be conducted from its own stem
D.Lightning strikes such a large-scale and extremely fast discharge, first destroyed the external vine plants, and the trees in the middle were protected

c
A.B, C, D, and E traveled by high-speed rail, and they happened to be sitting in the same row of A.B.C.D.F five seats.Known? (1) If one of A or B is sitting in Block C, then C is sitting in Block B; (2) If E is sitting in Block C, Ding is sitting in Block F.
If Ding is sitting in Block B, then it is certain that?
A.A sits in Block A
B.Sitting in Block D
C.C sitting in Block C
D.E sitting in Block F

a
In a study, researchers observed the participation of nearly 300 children in grades 2 to 4 in the classroom during a school year.Participation is measured based on concentration and distraction during the class.The former refers to answering questions, raising hands to speak or participate in discussions, and the latter refers to activities such as chatting.In the experiment, half of the students stood in front of the high desk and listened to the lecture, while the other half sat and listened to the lecture.It was found that students who stood and listened to the class were more attentive than those who sat.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above conclusion?
A.Standing requires the brain to balance the body and control minor muscle contractions.These moderate pressures will make people's attention more concentrated
B.Sitting for long periods of time will increase the pressure of the body on the spine, which is not conducive to the health of students
C.Even when standing to listen to a class, some students will move back and forth, affecting the order of the class and distracting others
D.Many lively students prefer to stand in class and have better concentration, while introverts are willing to sit in class and feel more conducive to improving attention

b
Australian box jellyfish is one of the most toxic animals in the world.After stinging, its toxin can cause skin necrosis and severe pain, and also invade the heart of the person, causing the person to die due to cardiac arrest in a short time..The venom carried in a box jellyfish is enough to kill 60 people.There is currently no special drug for its venom.Recently, researchers have discovered through a genome-wide screening method that a protein called ATP2B1 in human cells is a necessary condition for the toxicity of box jellyfish venom.The researchers believe that lowering cholesterol through targeted therapy can fight the box Venom shaped jellyfish.
Which of the following can be the premise of the above argument?
A.Targeted therapy is a safe and reliable method
B.ATP2B1 protein requires cholesterol
C.No side effects on the human body after lowering cholesterol
D.Targeted therapies for cholesterol reduction have been developed

c
Recently, researchers have found that fever can promote the transfer of lymphocytes to the site of infection.They explained that this is because fever increases the expression of heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90) in T lymphocytes.This protein binds to integrin, promotes T lymphocytes to adhere to blood vessels, and eventually accelerates migration to the site of infection.
Which of the following can support the above conclusion?
A.Integrin is a cell adhesion molecule that can control T lymphocyte transport during fever
B.Fever can induce the binding of Hsp90 to the tail of integrin and activate integrin
C.Not only fever, other stress can also induce the expression of Hsp90 in T lymphocytes
D.Hsp90 binds to integrin and activates signaling pathways that promote T lymphocyte migration

a
Since 2014, there have been more than 230 earthquakes of magnitude 3 and above in a certain state, and this number was an average of 1 before 2008.Frequent seismic activity has raised questions.Some researchers have discovered that since 2014, in order to avoid the pollution of surface water from toxic wastewater generated during drilling and hydraulic fracturing in oil mining, the wastewater has been injected into the impervious water of underground rocks Between layers, this behavior is likely to be the key reason for the earthquake.
Which of the following, if true, best supports the above speculation?
A.Wastewater pouring into the rocky water layer will reduce the friction between faults and make it easier to slide, thus inducing an earthquake
B.The state has explored more oil reserves since 2008, and oil extraction activities have increased significantly
C.The state had fewer earthquakes before 2008 but larger magnitudes, and more earthquakes since 2014 but smaller magnitudes
D.Most continuous earthquakes are a series of aftershocks that occur after a strong earthquake, but the earthquake in this state is not the case

a
In an election, statistics show that someone voted in favor of all candidates.
If the statistics are true, then the following must also be true?
A.For every candidate, some voters voted for him.
B.More than one person who voted for all candidates.
C.Some people did not vote for all candidates.
D.It is impossible for all candidates to be elected.

c
According to the Cultural Relics Protection Law, even if the ownership of a building or other facility protected as a cultural relic belongs to an individual, the owner has no right to repair, decorate or even rebuild it.This rule is not appropriate, because sometimes some owners propose to transform the appearance and internal structure of cultural relics because they are convinced that doing so is conducive to strengthening and beautifying cultural relics and increasing their value.
If the following is true, can the above argument be weakened most?
A.Renovation of cultural relics buildings may not necessarily play a role in strengthening and beautifying, and sometimes it will make them nondescript.
B.Some cultural relics are in disrepair for a long time.If they are not renovated in time, their value will be seriously damaged.
C.The real value of cultural relics is that it is a historical relic, and any changes to its original appearance are reducing its value.
D.An owner cannot dispose of his belongings, which is an infringement of his basic rights.

a
Students in a certain class take CET-6.Regarding the results of the examination, there are the following guesses? A? All people have passed.B? The squad leader failed.C? Someone must have failed.Ding? Not everyone will fail.
If only one of the above guesses is untrue, then the following is true?
A.A guessed wrong and the squad leader failed.
B.B guessed wrong and the squad leader passed.
C.C guessed wrong, but the squad leader passed.
D.Ding guessed wrong and the squad leader failed.

b
According to medical records, the incidence of global cancer has increased by nearly 10 times in the second half of the 20th century compared to the first half, making it the first killer to threaten human life.This shows that the global ecological imbalance caused by the rapid economic development marked by high technology in the second half of the 20th century is an important cause of cancer.
The following items, if true, can weaken the above argument, except
A.The average life span of human beings is about 30 years old in the early 20th century, about 40 years old in the middle of the 20th century, and currently about 65 years old.The average life expectancy in developed countries with high cancer incidence is generally over 70 years old.
B.In the first half of the 20th century, humans experienced two world wars, and a large number of young and middle-aged people died in the war; in the second half of the 20th century, the world was basically in a period of peaceful development.
C.High technology has greatly improved the accuracy of medical diagnosis and the coverage of this accurate medical diagnosis worldwide.
D.High technology has greatly improved the ability of humans to prevent, detect and diagnose cancer early, and effectively prolong the life of cancer patients.

a
A warehouse was stolen.After investigation, it was ascertained that Zuomou's human department was one of four persons? A.B, C, and D.During the interrogation, the confessions of the four people were as follows? A? "The day the warehouse was stolen, I was in another city, so I couldn't commit the crime." B? "Ding is the criminal." C? "B is stealing the warehouse Criminal, because I saw him enter the warehouse that day."Ding?" B deliberately framed me."
Now suppose that only one of the four people spoke the truth.Then
A.A is a criminal who steals a warehouse.
B.B is the criminal who steals the warehouse.
C.C is the criminal who steals the warehouse.
D.Ding is a criminal who steals a warehouse.

b
A warehouse was stolen.After investigation, it was ascertained that Zuomou's human department was one of four persons? A.B, C, and D.During the interrogation, the confessions of the four people were as follows? A? "The day the warehouse was stolen, I was in another city, so I couldn't commit the crime." B? "Ding is the criminal." C? "B is stealing the warehouse Criminal, because I saw him enter the warehouse that day."Ding?" B deliberately framed me."
Now suppose that only one of the four people confessed to falsehood.Then
A.A is a criminal who steals a warehouse.
B.B is the criminal who steals the warehouse.
C.C is the criminal who steals the warehouse.
D.Ding is a criminal who steals a warehouse.

d
The three members A.B, and C discuss the meaning of the principle of "no labor, no food".A said? "Unemployed people are not allowed to eat, which means that those who eat can not work." "C said?" Unemployed people are not allowed to eat, which means that the recipients may be laborers."
The following conclusion is correct?
A.A's opinion is correct, B and C's opinion is incorrect.
B.The opinions of B and C are correct, and the opinions of A are incorrect.
C.The opinions of A and C are correct, and the opinions of B are incorrect.
D.B's opinion is correct, A and C's opinion is incorrect.

a
In a restaurant, all dishes are either Sichuan cuisine or Cantonese cuisine.Mr.Zhang's dishes include Sichuan cuisine.Therefore, there is no Cantonese cuisine in Mr.Zhang's dishes.
Which of the following can enhance the above argument?
A.The restaurant stipulates that when ordering Cantonese cuisine, you cannot order Sichuan cuisine, and vice versa.
B.The restaurant stipulates that if you order Sichuan food, you can not order Cantonese food, but if you order Cantonese food, you must order Sichuan food.
C.Mr.Zhang is from Sichuan and only likes Sichuan cuisine.
D.Mr.Zhang is Cantonese, but he does not like Cantonese food.

d
There is overlap in a certain department, and the people are indifferent.In order to solve this problem, the leaders of the department decided to set up a streamlined agency office.
This practice led by the department indicates.
A.The problem of overlapping institutions in the department can be resolved quickly.
B.The leadership of the department is determined to resolve overlapping institutions.
C.With the streamlining agency office, it is possible to better promote the streamlining of the agency's work.
D.Not only can't solve the problem of overlapping organizations, but an additional organization has been added.
